i let my brother go first .
it is my firm belief that their should not be any censorships .
people have a right to do what they want .
a true story about how two close friends became friends over the joy of laughter .
when we finally got out of the store we rushed home to start decorating .
i can relate it to a time i was played <num> soccer games during the summer heat .
people ignore their parents when on computer .
on the other hand the computer has that many people are connecting and communicating <caps> they can set a plan to <caps> many critics have people and spends the computer .
feelings of which we are expected to feel on <caps> .
this would create three problems for the docking of the dirigibles .
kids became ecstatic on jeopardy <caps> gathering teams as quick as possible .
without computers a negative affect people .
computers actively help us with our daily lives .
i experience why people should have patient and its easy to do .
computers benefit society because we can learn about places we want to go .
who knows perhaps for the silliest thing whatsoever .
then we stop to get something to eat .
that is not natural .
it is also said thats laughter is the greatest medicine .
after first period i found a puddle of water and started sliding across it for fun .
laughed and seed i will never be good enough to skate and she seed that i have improved than some of the people that she knows .
but too much censorship can become a bad thing .
i agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children .
so the only person at full .
but i got seed in my coat pocket .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
we drove around for about five minutes until we found one that was walking distance .
this was her number .
<caps> go out and make somebody laugh today .
there are various reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people .
then at the end it gave us a screen and we picked the future and showed a funny cartoon with our faces on it .
he went in the kitchen and said mom is dinner ready .
to take away any book or magazine that could be offensive to any group of people would be a large task .
i really think that anyone should be able to read the kind of books that they like .
there are many ways the cyclist is affected throughout the essay by the setting .
not only is <caps> happening in the libraries its happening on televisions also .
<caps> pulled around giant logs or sticks in the water and chewed on them until there was nothing left but back .
it also goes on to say that it was a test for my inner spirit .
i know you will agree with me when i say that maybe people should spend less time effecting themselves .
also while refilling he encounters hazards such as short rolling hills through ghost the terrain and ever a snake .
the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse the accident could have been .
another obstacle was nature itself .
the mask made to made nature a danger to the whole building because of violent air current .
make new friends when your at the mall or discovering a new trail in a park .
the first time they see something of questionable nature they would want it because it is new .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was that the had to be modified and strengthened .
i was losing my patients so my dad told me to go get something to drink and come back to the same spot .
the last paragraph of the story .
there are certain sections in the library .
i think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us .
parents still have the ability to keep things they see as unacceptable from their children as much as they please to do so .
statements have been made all over the world of people speaking on what they believe is right or wrong .
it was something i enjoyed doing .
i had a blast that day and i will remember it forever .
once again computers have played a part in this too .
<caps> he got a step .
on computers you cant jog the fat you gain by eating food .
they just need to be placed better where smaller kids cant get to easy .
she must adapt to her home to survive .
a feature is something specific about some thing else .
<person> explained the situation further as we intently listened to the sickening words coming out of his mouth .
after taking my seat we recited <caps> versus and read short clips of <caps> stories .
this presents a mood of happiness .
these novels were acceptable back then .
this was must end now .
censorship prevents a whole and complete perspective on an issue .
this gives the reader a sense of peace and never leaves the reader hanging or wondering about something .
the only way to keep a dirigible level was to hang lead weights off the side .
happiness as a child is most pure in my position .
<caps> thing is that he also learned what family really means .
then she left and i went to dance for two hours .
when i have a school project on a famous person or somewhere in the world i know that the computer will give me more information than a book .
plus fathers or moms in the military can talk with their kids .
we had to bring her her own sleeping bag and camping chair to sit in .
over <money> worth of modifications would have to be installed into the framework .
computers help students with homework and projects and they help communicate with other people .
for example when she broke down in the flower shop .
so we have been in classes together previously .
i think patience is about waiting .
the most thing that matters in his life are family .
its a big problem for you .
i pushed <caps> way through .
i figured she would be use to it knowing that she already had two kids move out .
people <month> think that this scene is to provocative and another person <month> look at that and say there is nothing wrong .
these probably exasperated the cyclist even more than he already was with the sun beating down on him .
we went into <person> garage and found his <num> and brake fluid .
this opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely debatable .
if so you know how long and dull it can get without having something that brings a smile to your face there .
<caps> high school student .
now i will move on to my second reason .
there was a huge pillar separating the trees and bushes from the water .
you can talk to people from other places .
i find it hard to see something as offensive if i cant even literally see it .
the way the courses were set up left plenty of time to chat between each plate they brought .
everyone has different views on that book or movie .
people get assignments to do and each class only takes about one or two months .
the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
this is the story of the time <person> and her brother <person> were patient .
we can not talk to my family or friends .
the <caps> <caps> i was sitting in the living room with <caps> family talking about how every <organization> we always end up laughing .
<caps> <caps> if that was someone you loved .
secondly was safety .
i know what is out there and some of the books or movies are not always kid rated .
my friend spent <num> hours on those websites .
but then <caps> comes up with this idea to play some video games .
you <month> add a friend and you will tell you what has .
the whole neighbor was tight-knit and loved each other .
the mood the author created in the memoir was very happy and thankful .
these libraries would be loosing business to the people who maybe like the kind of stuff that they <month> not .
these things benefit society and prove the advancement in technology .
that is what i would do .
well <person> was that type of best friend to me .
thats literally how much of a role that laughing plays in my life .
when finally they called us down to the basement .
<caps> she wash it go <caps> then they left .
that quote also shows togetherness within the family .
the cyclist lost hope quickly because she was never saw any people or water on the way .
the conclusion sentences states that she is going to retake the test in the spring .
going on the computer can also be very addicting .
the main challenge was caused by nature itself .
not only is the computer dad for your healthy .
my final point that is to be made is all the costs that come with computers .
please heed the following advice .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the mooring mast .
the makes the reader think of friendship and hope in trouble times .
<caps> i would very much like to be your girlfriend .
so as long relationships have some laughter in it most of them will go for a while .
the features of the setting affects the cyclist .
another example of his gratitude towards his parents is on paragraph <num> .
to give their children a better life .
there were many different obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles .
others did not have patience they kept asking what we are going to get <caps> both were complaining they did not have patience .
there will always be things that we wish not to see in life .
the bad effects are very serious and dangerous .
lots of people in other countries cant last a day without playing on computers .
than they you to other family members and before you know it you all to other again .
now imagine it gone from the libraries .
she had a shake her head to make sure what she was seeing in one part of the story .
how often do you eat dinner with the whole family .
simply do this for those materials that should only be read by adults and not for children or teens .
also you can use the computer to study and learn easier ways to do something for any subject .
see every day a have to tolerate people who up to the bathroom when need to go i have to wait <caps> i start to get hungry .
<person> glided into the room with a welcoming spirit about her .
the mood created by the author was grateful and happy .
she wanted to go <caps> we left and talked about it the whole way home .
the trip there seemed to take forever because we were so excited to get there .
another tough feature of the setting was the hills he had to ride up and down .
i waited and waited as the line slowly moved up .
the libraries should have labels on every section to let people know what type of material it is .
and that you are architect you can make your proper work or house you see the computer is so cool .
there was this boy who made me smile and laugh .
magazines provide a type of self enjoyment for people .
there should be censorship in libraries .
well the two that hide were <person> <person> <person> <person> the two that stayed in the car to count was me friend <person> <person> i .
then i had this amazing idea .
and the laughs can go on again .
i know l would not be nearly that patient with anyone .
spending to much time on it .
this was in response to the first town he came across .
the setting also reads the main character to his resolution of the conflict .
people face obstacles all the time .
thats one of my main reasons i think the newspaper should keep offensive movies in stores .
the more people who see how beautiful is the less likely they will pollute it with smoke .
i say this from experience .
a library has books on nearly all subjects .
if you ban books then you will ruin the future .
we got home at <time> .
now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day .
<num> out of <num> students <caps> that they spend more time indoors than out .
unfortunately all of us were linemen except for <person> .
or could have made a difference my making them laugh .
that basically means every kind of book out there .
i believe that reading sharpens the mind and if a kid picks up an adult but who are we to say no you can not read that .
that is why they put it in there so they can get their money off of it .
this things should be pulled .
it is said that this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up or even approach the area .
i check it almost everyday when i come home from school .
one day my friends and i went to a friends house and we started playing <caps> box we were laughing having an awesome time .
i was really happy for her and realized computers are helpful .
there was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
these obstacles made it nearly impossible for the empire state building to serve its original purpose .
and for their love and sacrifice .
being on the computer stops many people from interacting with their family and friends .
computers are the building blocks of our medical world .
my first reason is people do is surf the web .
there are three main reasons why the <caps> .
there is little water and it is boiling hot .
everything is useful and everything has at least some sort of positive effect coming out or it .
laughter is an important element to have in a positive healthy lifestyle .
when the geese come back in the spring it will be like a now beginning .
when they just take it off everything will be in grate shape
this shows how hand-eye and exercise is linked to computer .
i might look at it to see what it says but i would not say anything about it .
when everyone got here we both were very happy .
my cousins story on how he met his wife is like the scene in a chick-flick movie .
identity and credit card theft is becoming more and more common .
computer helps the world in many ways .
on a computer all you have to do is type .
the shell cracks open and <organization> picks out the nuts sweeping its kernels onto the floor .
some people say they are losing <caps> patience that means that <caps> about to get angry .
this sight was trouble .
it makes the mood happy .
one obstacle the builders faced was the fact that a large dirigible moored to the roof would have negative effects on the buildings frame .
if thats not the case you can meet new people .
thank you for taking your time to ready what i really think about removing articles from libraries
when the snows melt .
in my computers class .
children need to be protected from materials that <month> hurt them in some way .
when we got there we rode around the island on a bike .
so as you can see computers are no good .
he finally found some and vowed to never listen to old mens directions again .
there was many obstacles in the way of adding a mooring dock to the top of the empire state building .
people are people and everyone should be treated the same .
i had never seen her so concerned or upset .
computers can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard .
the car had broken down so we called a land break .
but then the ultimate topic of conversations came up .
computers is a great tool to use while you are doing your homework .
but there is a main reason .
thats how i make friends i <caps> .
this would also be dangerous for anyone aboard the airship .
computers also let us communicate with family and friends .
other people <month> like the book you hate .
i had ever been on and all the other people that came too .
there are three obstacles that prevented the empire state building from allowing dirigibles to dock there .
with a book you have to give it a chance to seek in your mind so that you do get an understanding .
by the time they get out they are broke
they are also a great way to learn .
many different people have different views of different kinds of books .
this shows that they show affection for one another and that everyone is the same .
he was in the middle of nowhere with no one around and because of this setting he lost hope of surviving .
i very soon felt tired and fell asleep in the most awkward of positions you could ever find in a car .
when you see things on the screen and go to chick it you are actually helping out your body .
<caps> opened the hearts of the <caps> children so that they <month> hear the word of <caps> .
i know our school library here at <organization> has always had problems with getting books back and not paying late fees .
he took a shortcut but it ended up taking longer and he got dehydrated .
the ticket id been dying for was actually mine .
smith was competitive and realized that the building was close to earning the title of worlds tallest building .
<caps> computers help us do all of that .
a couple of days later we found ourselves thinking about what we wanted to do when we older and out of high school .
so now you know that a computer helps you in the future .
one song that i just saw was called <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> .
thats not go for the little kid because if they keep going on the computers .
nobody was trying to take away your music so why would you take away ours .
i recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer .
every time he thought he was saved he was put down again by that fact .
laughter was a big impact in that relationship and i thank god that it was .
this made it very hard to dock the dirigibles .
he became lost and ran out of water making his situation worse .
this was going to take a lot of patience .
would be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
one obstacle builders faced was the buildings <caps> .
also you can entertain you over long trips .
the empire state building at the time it was being built was designed to be the tallest building in the world .
it took about a minute for me to finally get to the top of the water when i took a huge gasp of air .
it sounds simple enough but people need to take action and start to do something about it .
it was a close knit community .
i would read books or i would put a puzzle together or something .
we stifled a small laugh and got on the ride .
censorship can take some of the stress off of some parents backs .
the <caps> talks about how it is hard for him and his parents to leave without the rest of there family .
<person> was happy with his decision as well .
sometimes these things should not be on the shelves .
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean .
based on the quote you can infer that the cyclist will ignore their advice about having the best map .
you can do other stuff and still learn with-out being on the computer .
<caps> purple sleeping bag will be perfect for <time> said <person> .
they had small teeth but oh they hurt .
every day i spend with my girlfriend is a day full of fun and laughter .
i regretted not letting go once an adult got to me because i was all scraped up and blistered from being drug across the pavement .
then out of no were he fell over backwards into a bush .
he was very thankful for their giving arms to anyone who needed them and for their warm attitudes and teachings of what family really defines .
it is not necessary to take the items off the shelf .
authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works equally acknowledged by the public .
take this letter into consideration .
i had asked her if she wanted to go on a walk .
i think that reading books is a very positive thing .
<percent> of children go on the computer and ignore everything .
this could potentially cause danger if the back was to hit a building near by or start swinging out of control and break loose from the building .
so in all the games i always had to wait to the <date> .
so all you computer lovers get off and have some fun being outside with friends <person> your family .
you can read and write with out using a single sheet of paper .
the wind proved to be a very big problem for the blimps .
i actually think that the government should not tolerate parents whining and complaining about the content of different materials .
and thats what i say i do as being patience at home and the respect my brother and sisters .
so i was patient while walking around the house and bouncing her up and down it my arms .
we have a great number of other things you can pick from
those were just some of the many problems the dirigibles faced while passing the empire state building .
then later that night he called me saying he will be later than i was expecting .
and if the writing or music is inappropriate to a race or culture should it be removed .
remembering funny moments like this make me realize how thankful i am for <caps> friends .
the features of the setting greatly effected the cyclist .
that they now go on the computer .
censorship of libraries would take away our rights .
kids always follow what they hear or what they see .
but it is also one of the many distractions .
another obstacle is safety .
sometimes its not <organization> but its finding things .
however throughout the excerpt it is mentioned how whatever they lacked in quality they made up for with the coming together of their family .
there are two reasons why i think patience is important .
after reading all my reasons and opinions i hope you can agree on not having censorship in libraries .
it is a chance to let go .
based on the excerpt the builders of the empire state building were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
in addition my second reason on why i agree is because students need to put more time and effort into school .
whether or not something is to be torn from the access of the public is left up to the opinions of the general public themselves .
by ten minutes she exploded and started throwing herself around and freaking out .
they never go for a jog or eat healthy foods .
this was the time when i could finally get him back for all the times when he laughed at me for not being able to stay on my skis .
i could not wait for long so i decided to talk to myself or sing songs .
sometimes little kids read books whit bad and offensive words .
as we ran through the house to the back door we were stopped by <caps> short tan mom .
these are my reasons <caps> computers have terrible effect on people .
also that the wind currents have a stronger force that high up in the air than to regular life level .
after we had some time there he dropped me home and told me live life because who knows if we will be alive tomorrow .
since we had gotten all warmed up we decided <caps> sounded good .
another obstacles were making the mooring mast of the empire state building to fulfill its purpose .
these seem to be the kinds of books that young children have become interested in .
then he turned them to dust .
just think <organization> computers this way a helping brain for those who work hard .
we had made new friends and met new people .
he talks about how thankful he is to have such a good family and that he can call his home a home .
all of the search were in a very good world .
you want me to write an to my local newspaper about what i think on the effects they give people .
this will make her more capable of passing the <caps> ed test .
the computer goes over long distances and connects both computers so you can bend writing almost instantly .
in the short story of the mooring mast .
no matter if books are real or fake they create stories that interest people .
studies show that <percent> of children that their our computer spend less time with their family and more time on the computer .
i do not agree that computers benefits society .
censorship in libraries is good in some ways .
got a donut from <organization> .
one of the original purposes of the empire state building was to be a loading dock for dirigibles or blimps .
there the giant hill waited for us .
<caps> asked with a stern voice .
more than <percent> of most students in an average school have one .
you cant get away from things that are offensive to some and everybody has a right to do what they want .
there were many obstacles that stood in the way of the of allowing dirigibles to dock there .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons .
there were many obstacles the builders faced .
which was attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
it is completely up to that person who takes offense to materials on whether or not to observe such style .
first the computer helps people know about what happen with people in other islands .
i then caught another fish .
in which case they can find a good classic to read or maybe pick up that dusty <caps> off the shelf .
the author describes how everyone would eat together and they often had many more people eating with them .
this shows that the mood is friendship because his parents are great friends to their family .
<caps> as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams .
computers can help with countless things .
this was an example of how it helped me and my best friend become friends and stay friends through everything life has thrown at us .
his hope was dwindling because of this .
the laughter which we shared that <time> washed the disappointment far from both our minds .
<caps> are just a few of the obstacles that the architects went through out trying to dock dirigibles .
the cyclist still has high spirits .
we got a concert to attend .
books have been around for hundreds and hundreds of years .
<caps> just makes me realize that <caps> all kids that bring laughter to the world and encourage happiness in everyone .
and third he was traveling through the deserts .
we are able the express any and everything we can in whatever it is that we do in movies .
my parents also notice that me and my brother are grumpy after playing on the computer for so long .
the builders of the empire state building faced several obstacles while attempting to let dirigibles dock on it .
the setting affects the narrator both physically and mentally .
those children then start to ask other adults and children .
everyone has <caps> <caps> <caps> is true that everyone has their own <caps> and their likes and dislikes .
the mood that the author creates in the memoir is loving and grateful .
<caps> but i want to practice some more .
it is the best time of the year and it is night next to my birthday .
the countries of the setting that had the most effect on the cyclist were the deserts and hills .
my dad moved to <caps> and eventually <person> .
the mood of this memoir is grateful and content .
thats why his a grateful person .
i woke up on a sunny day which was odd for <organization> because it was late <date> .
but why do some people think that it is hurting our society .
second you <caps> do projects on them or homework if you need to .
every body has to have a somebody .
i saw my brother coming from the corner of my eye .
this is a very two-sided subject .
some are respect your elders .
<caps> shows both of us that we can be happy and that there is joy <caps> of us .
finally parents can set limits on what their own children read .
<caps> computers provide better and faster communication .
so throughout the day there was quite a bit of waiting .
the conditions affected the cyclist
the cyclist is very hot .
there should be an age limit on some materials however .
<caps> responded with patience and years of practice .
many people believe that it is the right thing to do while many others strongly disagree with it .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy and loving mood .
i am writing in which computers are a bad thing to the society or good thing .
so i say the computer is important in our society .
she said that it was one of the scariest things she had ever been to .
also computers allow us to <caps> us to <caps> more info about recent events that have just around the world .
they also give us the ability to learn .
<caps> people are affected by this .
laughing also got my mind off of what <person> said to me .
thats the way you talk its because its your life story .
the bright computers screens are harmful to the delicate human eyes .
he dropped weight so he could try and take my seating for state .
the author includes this because many people can relate to this and find hope in things .
they <month> also need adult combinations to preview the movie .
specially after all that time i had to wait .
these are only a few of the reasons i think computers are great .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
computers provide entertainment to people .
we then cleaned up and got ready for the second assembly .
not in the house on the computer .
when we finally got to order our food it took them an hour to bring it .
most people in <location> have a computer in their home .
i do not think that i would have that type of experience if these books were removed .
the buildings structure could not hold a <num> foot dirigible .
and like i said before they really not bad there like a little guide to many people .
shes trying to make her daughter feel better .
that is how the setting affected the cyclist during his trip
i thought to myself .
after the movie we went to meet up with some friends at the dorms .
so i took that left and saw all of our stuff .
i noticed the terrain changing .
to hide away words from our children is wrong .
the three of us caught a chair up to the top of the run .
the builders had to face many problems even before attempting to build a mast for dirigibles to dock at .
he also like to give them hi fives after they are done playing .
i walked into a third grade classroom and watched a girl spell <caps> <caps> thinking that was the correct why to spell <caps> .
that was my only fun that i could use to keep me busy and not fall asleep .
many people are interested in these movies .
when someone finds something that looks offensive then they do not have to take .
i have felt what laughter can do to a relationship and i can say that it most definitely feels good .
we thought it was very funny and so did the rest of the class that saw us .
pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year .
when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding .
true people exercise every day .
when we found the girls across the hall all except one of them were there .
i believe that some materials we have in our shelf belongs to basically anybody in the world .
if television was censored then people would not know <caps> to do in a bad situation because they have never experienced or seen of it before .
the writer or director must be able to create an interesting topic or story line while at the same time keeping it appropriate for most audiences .
i went out for <caps> two minutes then came back inside .
these are the reasons i chose both <caps> and love for the moods created by the author based on the excerpt .
overall the memoir <person> is a story full of love and should be told for generations to come .
this one was called <caps> .
he stand all my ways went away .
thats how i was patient and have bin better at being patient .
for a long time it was hope you will read .
for my first reason goes along with personal values .
being patient payed off because if i would have bothered my mom too much she might have gotten mat at me .
eventually we would all get lunch and go out to the park near the river right next to the <caps> .
young adults need creativity and books are there to shine a light on their eager minds .
well that is my opinion on what i think should happen .
then after he says that it ways he chuckled .
three days before the trip to cedar point can not wait for it to be here .
books should be removed only if they are found a certain degree of offensive .
this skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field .
adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers .
you <month> not be able to make everyone happy but at least people can be more informed about the books they are reading .
maybe someday we will figure it out and be able to do it
one day we went <caps> the mall me .
s used hydrogen rather than helium .
and i do not want to be late for school again .
when the geese get back .
if helps you and other respect yourself .
as <person> was on her way up to her room she was thinking that maybe if she tried getting her mind off of it she would forget .
the second obstacle faced by the builders was the safety of the dirigibles .
after about an hour and a half they called our name .
it took a ton of patients .
thats why he could be a highest level of the company .
now we have eight dogs at my house .
some of the books that people want taken off bookshelves are considered to be part of history .
i believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people .
it is actually kind of funny .
<caps> surprised me that both of us liked a lot of the same things .
then you can just type in what you want and it would automatically pop up for you .
some censoring has to be done to protect people .
at the time we had started talking he had a girlfriend but shortly after finding me again he realized that she was not the one for him anymore .
we sat there with big bug eyes and all held hands .
<caps> she told me and <caps> to quiet down .
the <caps> had many mood in the memoir .
most of the obstacles should have been realized before the mast was even built .
some people like looking or reading things like that .
you can play all types of different games and get pictures and its is good to do your homework .
we finished our pitching session ten minutes later .
books give information and knowledge that some people need desperately .
this enclosure also had an elevator and stairs to bring passengers to the eighty fifth floor .
experts had to build a door strong enough to carry people and fight the blimps from swaying in the harsh winds .
<caps> you for teaching me <caps> .
which <organization> listened and kept going .
that is why she is waiting till spring to try again .
this dirigible being held by a single tether to the empire state building would put a large amount of stress on the buildings structure risking a possible collapse if continued .
if the <caps> is left without certain materials there will be no creativity .
the world holds many things that can be found offensive to someone .
the setting in the story affects the main character greatly because of the heat .
those are some features of the setting that affected the cyclist on his journey .
but his attitude changes as soon as he sees the store .
since the beginning there has always been someone who is offended by certain media .
it felt like its been forever since i laughed that hard .
by the end of the day all of us had gotten used to using our patience .
if something is offending you then you should say something about it .
so these were <caps> reasons or some bad effects computers could have on people if your not go outside to do some activities or to hang out with some friends .
they would <caps> over sixty thousand dollars of modifications .
but every time that we did it we would end up cracking up and forgetting what we were even fighting about .
everyone has a different interest in the things that he or she likes .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents .
i had a flash back of all the laughs that had brought us close together .
also you can waist lots of energy to .
<caps> would take me to counseling sessions to make the transition into the family an easy one .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist for a few reasons .
the boy thought that his parents were really great and he thought that he could never be like them .
the <organization> tells the <caps> public what we can and cannot watch on television and what we can and cannot listen to on the radio .
we was in this huge room it have <num> huge bathroom and bigs <caps> .
patience is very difficult for me .
<caps> is so grateful that <caps> cant express his gratitude .
as the day goes on we go almost of the <caps> .
if we need to know what a homework assignment was we can just chat with a friend .
like when you go to see a rated <caps> movie and you have to be with an adult to watch that movie .
so i went back down stairs and warned everyone not to go up there .
after that we saw our cousins .
i love to spend time with my friends and family .
after reading do not exceed posted limit i have seen how the scene of an area can effect your mood and attitude around things .
now a days instead of bitting the gym many people are home on the computer talking to friends or playing computer games .
being allowed to write how they feel is what <location> is practically based on .
on <date> which was the after we got their we went to <location> to see my grandpas sister <person> .
this is especially true in this case because of his lack of water .
we can email back and forth every day .
it will still be around .
having patience is a good thing to have because you well for sure be good with kids of all ages .
there are many types of consumers and it is hard not to offend anyone due to the wide variety of people .
with all these computers many social networking sites are born .
<caps> said like <caps> was giving up .
once upon a time there was a boy name <person> .
a time that i was patient was during the <date> .
all it takes is a little bit of laughter .
my brother kept on annoying us with queued squeaky noises .
also if you want to find good hotels you can use the computer for that .
so if you went home you would get even more sick and that would get even more sick and that would be bad .
he started by poring cement on to the freshly bulldozed land .
the cyclist was dehydrated but kept going to his destination .
we drove by and i nearly lost my mind when i saw the alpacas .
i could go both ways with this .
its the full cowboy .
they cant talk to each other a lot because neither of their calling plans allow them to call without charging hundreds of more money .
the designers had to spend <money> to reinforce the buildings frameworks .
violence is very harmful for children .
one obstacle was how much stress would be put on the buildings frame .
i support advances in technology because in the future .
in reading i have noticed that societies that practice censorship tend to have angry citizens .
the freedom of speech is one .
i knew everything would be okay but i still worried that the week would be constant fighting instead of laughs .
not only that but she had to moved to a new country and the loss of her grandmother really made thing worse .
the sun was very hot on a summers day and without water makes it even difficult to keep moving because he was so hot and thirsty .
we were making our way to the pier .
you the work on the computer .
the features of the setting affected him in that sense .
the library should have more that one copy of a book .
we all at some point have seen or learned of naughty magazines like playboy .
therefore offensive books and media should be allowed to stay on the shelves .
the taking away of these books takes away the freedom to read anything you want .
this also shows us that he is proud of his culture and who he is as a person .
what is considered a valid subject for a high school research paper <month> include information that is not suitable for all groups of people .
when either of us became stressed we would make the other cheer up by remembering the times when we laughed our heads off .
students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier .
the never ending game of shielding this generations teenagers and children is already finished .
one time that happened was when we where in front of the office at our school .
getting information from the computer is very debatable .
especially if they are not hurting anything or anyone physically .
a tone that shows that he will never forget all the things his parents gave up so that he could have a good childhood .
we were all sad to leave but we had a great time .
his family always helped their friends and when family visited they always had a place to <caps> .
this would have both meaning and make the empire state building the worlds largest building .
if he gos too pot he could spin out of commission and the water was trouble .
i myself would not .
<caps> shows that <percent> of people in the <location> go on the computer for help with their .
computers are keeping people from spending time together .
should not be censored .
there are other genres of music that deal with all of the things i listed above .
instantly his face lit up and he asked how and after i explained to him what had happened he instantly began laughing and hugged me .
we would be watching a movie and eating pop corn or watching t .
you are just one step closer to death .
these are picked up by spell check .
we get to the dunes unload everything get our riding gear on and our helmets with our goggles on .
they set me down in the middle of the road .
since we are all different .
this taught him a lesson that family can matter more then money .
just use your computer keyboard to type and send a message .
the little stuff that gets under our skin and eats away at us .
so they had to add over sixty thousands of dollars into the framework .
women and children can find all of these materials offensive .
when i was fourteen years old i think my family and i started riding four wheelers out in the sand .
now i can advance to the next reason .
shouted the announcer .
they also had to think about dirigibles from other countries .
well i personally do not go to a library but many others do .
a third obstacle they faced was nature .
the mood was sweet and the room was worm with most of my family and friends .
computers can basically be called a gateway to learning .
therefore with people all over the streets in <caps> this was neither possibly or safe .
these dirigibles in the u .
the next day i kept seeing these commercials of the phone i wanted .
cause i wanted to play .
if the movie is not appropriate for your children then do not let them watch <caps> .
those are the major social networking tools we use to talk to people around the world .
we had been patient checking in .
if you keep complaining there will be numerous amounts of complaints right back at you .
<person> is one of my personal favorite comedians .
this would solve many problems such as children being able to check out certain materials .
magazines are also great because they help people start to read books and so on .
the teams were on different sides of my moms green suburban .
one example is my cousin .
most people like stuff that is interesting to them and some like other things .
they do more bad than good in my opinion .
it was describing how old it was then the cyclist got some out but it tasted like old battery acid .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
which would cause many more problems then needed .
it will make students including myself better people by not learning of the things we hear about or watch .
the wind at the top of the empire state building were so strong cause .
the builders now had to find a way to add this mooring mast for dirigibles without putting too much pressure on the building .
i cant tell you how many times my mother told me to be patient .
computers made that event possible .
but it is not in their rights to remove it from the view of others who <month> wish to educate themselves on the said matters .
the hibiscus is to symbolize her being strong and that she will make it through moving to just strange land .
although technology is used in everyday life from communication to searching for information it can slowly us the human race down .
one reason offensive material should be removed from libraries is because it can lead to violence in teenagers .
she will keep coming back just like the geese and the hibiscus do .
history books should not be censored because it is facts and teaching kids on what has happened in the past and how people survived .
<caps> drove into town with <location> following us .
the hibiscus plant was able to sustain the harsh winters change .
the author also loves his family .
she also realized that she will never forget her home but she still can move on .
once she done with her treat i let her out into the paddock to play with her friends .
in <caps> <num> books are censored .
laughter is an important key in my life .
both of these people are good with their hands and they could of become that way by using computers .
their is only one true way to see family or friends and that is personally .
we all get offended but just move on from it and find something different .
it makes our society look bad and taints our places of knowledge .
one subject that <month> be awkward to read about is sexually transmitted diseases .
that is what the computer is for .
the parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the item .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
even though <date> was four months away none of the miners complained or yelled .
that could be a good and a bad thing .
i looked back and behind about twelve cars i found them .
everyone know about those dating websites that matches two people and them together .
even though all the hard work the building was never used for docking purposes because of safety .
she was <num> and <caps> was <num> the first time they met .
on average it takes <num> seconds to find information .
while the hibiscus represents the old memories of her past and homeland .
it helps people learn new things about different cultures .
with out them thing there trying to take of the shelves its going to be boring .
what they could be doing is enjoying life .
these books are appropriate for young minds and have no offensive material .
i think that there are many different few from many different people on books .
we were team members for the past six years .
we looked over at the line and all it was doing was getting longer .
but i still think everyone has a right to say what it is that they are wanting to say
computers can be addicting and cause us to play for hours .
i sit down on the bench and watched the teenage couple holding hands as they walk by me .
we only scored six points and ended up losing the game by a large margin .
its a big world out there and it is not getting any smaller and it is not going anywhere anytime soon .
this shows how he is doubtful .
unfortunately my group was last .
but he tried desperately to convince me not to do it .
the architects of the empire state building ran into many problems attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their .
people use the computer for school work .
the one thing he never does is give up .
we have had less visitors than ever before .
the staid that was holding the drum even moved .
<organization> and his friends had to leave really early because the traffic in <location> is so random and bad .
not all the time you can find certain things in books .
by the way the author writes about his family <caps> can just feel the warmth and love that his family provided for him .
anything and everything is educational in its own way .
this brings me to my conclusion .
a picture that took about <num> to draw felt like a half hour .
but if problems constantly happen there they will leave and tell their friends this is not a good library .
the computer today is such a great thing to have in your house .
you could tell he actually made time to comb his hair and decide what he was going to wear just to look as spiffy as he was .
because they knew that laughter would make some of the pain go away .
it is time to go outside and have fun with your family .
but i also believe people can spend to much time on them .
for example he likes that his parents are selfish and hard working people and tried to make his life happy .
you just need a little common sense and a little bit of illogical thinking .
there is a country music channel for those who want to listen to country music .
instead of sitting at the computer all <date> people should be out getting exercise .
the builders of the empire state building faced many different obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there .
if you have moved far away the computer is a good way to keep in touch with your old friends .
i have never gone a day without laughing .
this is becoming a problem all over our state and country .
laughing is a huge part of most everyday life .
that means i can still interact with family and friends .
they <month> not know but that is blinding so they must not stay on the computers long .
because of researching this offensive material you can learn more about <caps> .
there is a certain amount of responsibility when it comes to censoring all the different types of media and literature .
we started laughing at <caps> because <caps> eyes seemed to be stuck on only him .
they live in cold water so it took about <num> hours .
but thats the time i was patient for a little while .
make it to were you have to show an <caps> that says you are <num> or older to get in .
the car ride home was silent and the thoughts and sadness hung thick in the air .
what <month> be a bad and vulgar book in our opinion <month> not be bad in others opinionated views .
<caps> i borrowed it and got that eighty five bucks .
so my dad hands him the keys and says keep it on <num> wheels .
i started to walk back to my house .
now that just shows that laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
they will get many facts about that place .
you can almost feel how grateful he is for is happy childhood and the selflessness of his parents through the writing .
i think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research .
decided he wanted to go on a trip with <person> .
in the story the setting has a large affect on the cyclist .
this discouragement must have made his journey more mentally challenging .
flat road is much easier to bike on then hills .
this website lets people upload videos .
if a kid decides to try and check out a book like that either they shall have an i .
<caps> is getting in his way and not helping him to reach his destination at all .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to create a feeling of hope .
first of all there are people with brain problems because they are on the computer to much .
of course in todays technological age kids can lay their hands on just about anything if they know how to .
this shows how thankful he is toward his parents for sacrificing almost everything for him .
if you are at a library and you see something inappropriate tell the librarian and see if they will censor the material in question .
there were three main obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast .
writing is a way to show a persons expressions and what they stand for although it <month> not be pleasing to me or any other person .
patience is a lot of things .
that was the mood created by the author .
not all music or movies are offensive .
he told me we were going upstairs on the wrestling mats to play a dodge ball game .
they told him that they knew the way and that they knew a shortcut .
people who thinks that the computers is a helping thing to use but <person> said <caps> people learn much easier from family of friends then from a computer .
but back to report cards we opened them and then everyone was happy even <caps> because we got good grades .
the younger you are you can learn more about the stuff
walking into it i knocked on the wall and two heads turned to look up at me .
not even books that will influence bad things .
thats not how you should spend your life .
the thought of school being no fun and not liking it changed drastically for my nephew .
thank you for your time in reading this letter
if children want to see or read this material they should get permission from their parents first .
if a four-year old tried to buy two tickets to see a rated <caps> movie the theater would not sell him the tickets because he is not yet off age .
it will benefit both sides of this argument .
laughter is a part of life .
libraries are places people visit to check out and read books .
i told her to be patient and it would fill like time is going faster .
these books and other things in these libraries should not be removed from the shelves .
lack of a suitable landing area .
i could not find i had to go on a computer for the information .
the children in that class room made me laugh the things they did .
i think this conflict represents the <caps> way of life in itself .
my brother <person> went back to his room and put spider man into his mini <caps> player and climbed up the ladder into his bed .
it was the hardest for <date> and i because we were best friends and did everything together .
i was just waiting and waiting for it .
we all know that no family is like that .
they are scared what do they do .
the architects of the mooring mast were not able to overcome these challenges .
there going to be able to listen to that song on the radio anyway .
most magazines do nothing but talk about the bad in people or the good in them .
it only took me a few hours to reach where my dad was going to meet me and take me home .
my family is a very close and hilarious family we make a lot of mistakes constantly everyday .
with my name on it .
every person should have that right .
having computers will help raise a students grades and help them have a more successful life in the future .
after we were done the waiter came by and replaced our plates with the tab .
m because our plane was scheduled to depart at <time> .
we sat there being quiet .
four out of five people each year are losing interest in going outside to play .
its often listened to when driving down the road .
that make me desire to read it even more than before .
computers are a very important part of my life .
the author is very happy and satisfied with the family he has and want his family has done .
everyone started to talk and walk around .
now we started laughing again .
honestly i thought i was the only kid who lived the way i did .
the author concluded with that statement to represent the importance of the plant and the surroundings of when she wants to past the test .
a lot of peoples time .
he also fells alone i toiled on at some point tumbleweed crossed my path he also .
these books i agree should be taken off the shelves since they might promote people to turn on certain races .
i believe that everybody needs patience because everything takes time .
i think making areas where children cant go is a good way of letting people get what they want to get and not exposing it to younger people .
finally <caps> decided it was time for the grand tour of the home .
what is offensive to one person <month> be informative to another .
dirigibles to the top so the dirigibles could let passengers off here .
the teachers find this book to be too inappropriate for their students .
well i know it would me if it was are wedding song .
every town i know about has sport fields where many kids and adults of all ages use .
also she likes the geese and the hibiscus and these things might make her feel more comfortable .
in these <caps> we learn better how the world works around us and with this we learn things that can be dangerous .
i hope i can achieve that too .
she could not let go of her pants or else they would drop around her ankles and the shirt i was wearing hung down past my knees .
the doctor told him that he would not be able to participate in school for a .
if the choice is left to them that material might not be available to the reader that needs it .
step out of your cubicle and find the world that you enjoy .
<caps> of them are free too .
in my own experience from reading the book i would have to say that these people are crazy and should reevaluate the the specific age they market to .
now since i am older my parents are starting to let me watch and read more censored things .
the height of the building was a major problem for the architects .
you <month> be too into a <caps> .
finally they help people to keep in touch and meet knew people .
they carry very helpful information .
its the people that cant control themselves when they get around it or see it or even hear about it .
it is no different with books .
you can search places and people .
the setting how includes a large picture of a young boy drinking a refreshing glass of juice .
<caps> i calmed down and remembered what one of our friends said he told me to be patient .
the things that remind her of home .
i had plans to go to a basketball game after school .
the mood set by the author is thankful .
websites and search engines help you a lot .
well you are right but i am going to explain way your wrong .
after the game we were going to eat at <organization> .
she has set a goal to accept it .
his neighborhood was united and hardworking .
so my mom and them all tell <caps> that i need to learn to understand shes in a better place with some of her love ones .
this permission slip will and can be used for all movies .
this is hinting at the fact that maybe this town he is going to <month> be abandoned or not used .
he also says how his family was always helping each other .
i do not have to be on computer websites like <caps> and here is why .
patience is waiting and being kind while your doing it .
she is always in need of something funny .
my sister is on the computer <num> and she never goes outside to enjoy the nature .
computers teach hand-eye coordination .
comments <location> avid <caps> user .
my mom was well freaking out .
you cant talk for someone else because everyone has a voice for themselves .
he knew that the food will take forever .
in are case we have offensive material on the shelfs in libraries .
students would sit in hallways eating their lunch or crowd around one big table chattering loudly to one another .
the <caps> <caps> brought over some dog to be rescued <caps> saw all six dogs second one i saw i knew he was going to be mine .
i know manages thats because <caps> becoming more mature and i have a lot of patience .
he or she should be given the right to use what materials are necessary to write a fully-informed paper .
it was both our faults for letting our friendship come to a closer .
movies could also get kids to be bullies .
the world needs its materials .
parents should make an independent choice on what they can allow their children to read .
you could even know a lot of new interesting stuff about nature and history you would have never known about by just stepping outside .
so that made matters bad .
the heat was also a factor quickly creating him weary and tired .
<caps> took a lot of patience that i thought i never had .
heat makes it harder for most people to concentrate and causes people to heat overheated when exerting much force at once .
they are a huge step forward for mankind and only benefit our lives .
in my opinion this would be a great idea to be done and should be done .
because of the wind the back of the ship would swivel around .
it would make the story more clear .
thanks for listening and reading .
there were <caps> young black children striving to get a respected education in a white school .
<caps> went on for about an hour straight .
we walked around the entire island and were trying to find the ferry .
i say if someone spends there time and effort then it should be allowed for those who do enjoy it .
computers and other technology make the way easier .
finally we began talking more and more about it the exact details .
it helps to wait for things .
finally the <caps> won their sixth <organization> championship .
they struggled both personally and financially braving the harsh northern winters while yearning for their native tropics and facing cultural hardships .
or maybe you just want to know about this country because it interested you .
there are many healthy alternatives to the computer .
my views on censorship are strong .
you need to be healthy and most of all active .
that is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good college .
after a while of just sitting i got going again .
lead weights were also not safe when dangling over pedestrians .
<caps> in front of a <caps> all <caps> does not support you with the natural urge to exercise .
theres no reason for all that .
from what i seen in my life about censorship is that they should not take stuff off of the shelf just because of its content .
a book is a book to be read .
if there is a fresh water stream you can stop and wash all the sweat off of you and get a drink .
computers is the main invention that most likely everyone uses .
<person> decided to write his book using the true diction of the people who lived in the <location> during <caps> time period .
i believe that they should not be pulled off of the shelf if they are found to be offensive .
we soon became very close .
you need to think this way .
this is why the idea always stayed a dream .
i remember <time> year i was doing a report about the <caps> <caps> .
they help people in any number of ways .
i was <caps> mad and just what she said come back tomorrow and well have your size .
maybe its just the life of a typical teen and her <caps> .
we both can laugh about the same things and share our thoughts making us stronger .
at least <percent> or more kids are obese from recent studies .
the last thing that stopped them was a law that was against any airships the flew too low in urban areas .
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures .
that brings us in next issue .
like its some sort of competition .
as well as time and safety .
he and his whole family have respected each other and others .
well i think they have a positive effect on people .
i think that the hibiscus is an can of hope and inspiration to her .
its just like judging a person for their race .
not being with the people you love not doing any activities you people need to get off that computer and do more in your life for .
i was about to get a call home but the <caps> .
you quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her .
so much would be left unsaid .
it is important in my life because it makes me happy .
<caps> is so proud that his parents were so selfless and put everything on the line so that their future would be better .
you can <caps> to peoples cellphones .
these obstacles were the ones the builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
<num> <caps> are diabetic which means we are not at a safe health rate .
the hidden information could be helpful .
the computer has everything you want for free .
the setting plays a large role in the story .
in some aspects the experts are right .
she was trying to get me to laugh cause she thought <caps> was funny because she had never heard anyone laugh like that .
we drag chairs out to the hill above the pond and enjoy a leisurely supper .
the computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases .
laughter plays a big roll in my life .
another doctor came in and felt it until finally my mom asks whats going on here .
computers also help us learn .
this is where i believe organization and limitations come in .
the settings of your environment always seem to affect your mood .
we must have been there <num> minutes waiting .
besides education computers touch upon our economy as well .
but many would disagree with that .
your friends <month> be offended by your favorite movie or <caps> show .
so when we pulled into <organization> there were about <num> cars and they were all in the drive through and we sat in the car for about half an hour .
this goes for literary items too .
that overwhelming and uneasy feeling simply floated away and all because of laughter .
the concept of a docking mast for the empire state building met with failure because of a variety of reasons .
in the excerpt the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles .
the cyclist continued on his spirits as well as her water supply going down .
when i was young i was teased because of my smile .
this means the cyclist was short on water and needed to find a town soon .
he when i asked why he told me .
she gives off a calm relaxed feeling .
computers <caps> a benefit to have .
id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat .
the effects computers have on people are only negative .
i know that sadness can sometimes take over but we all need to think positive and not let the negative things take over .
so we then decided to sit down one day and talk .
or inside the front cover the librarian could put a warning note on there to show the person that there are some things in there that <month> offend someone .
in the end computers are something we i need in are life because it makes life simpler .
now its your turn to tell us what you think about the computers .
everyone likes to sit in the <caps> for hours and soak in a good novel .
these are just some obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow the dirigibles to dock .
the material also should be removed if it is offending someones race .
<caps> sister yelled night before she ran to a ride .
humor happens to be infectious .
i sit up and my knee kinda hurts .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that she misses her home and that affected her driving test .
workers even use it to see whats going on with the jobs if theres any jobs open so they can take it .
blue liquid spewed out all over the walls .
everyone who <caps> in the class <caps> so patient when these events happen .
this is not what i want to happen though .
the author knows how she loves those things and that they would encourage her .
its a common theme around the globe .
the first problem builders came across was the possibility that the buildings framework was not potentially strong enough to support a dirigibles weight .
and your going to do it with out a care in the world not thinking about who your hurting .
the reality of the <time> was setting in .
people involved in the design and construction of the empire state building were faced with a few major obstacles in attempting to transform the idea of docking dirigibles to reality .
just as i reached the point where he started laughing i had realized i had inadvertently made a joke while we were yelling at each other .
when we got going i had to wait for over <num> hours to get where we were going but when we got there we had fun .
<caps> could use it for <caps> related <caps> .
the high force winds on top of the empire state building would cause the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast .
there were several obstacles faced when the builders were trying to make the empire state building a docking station .
just as she had known it would feel .
the mood is created by his parents and where he lives .
finally the <date> bell of the <date> rang and <person> and i ran to our locker to meet up and get all of our stuff to go home .
patience is a very important virtue .
his family helped create a good home with love .
i think that the author is trying to make it seem like nothing matters as long as you have family .
one of the <caps> reasons that this <caps> <caps> was due to the air laws that made it illegal to fly too low in urban areas .
i strongly feel that sites like these and many others have a negative impact on the public .
the author concludes the story with a small paragraph that has an extraordinary meaning .
that hurt the people that make the books and movies that are offensive because they feel like thats what people want to see .
patience not all of us have it .
soon the sun starts to beat on him even more .
i can be in the worst of moods and she can brighten my whole day with <caps> a couple of words .
the builders faced a few problem on letting it dock there .
as you can see everyone is different especially when it comes to these things .
it could be a <organization> website that you never heard about and something that can help you in the future .
so <caps> being the smart <caps> he is thought about this idea and decided to make a shell of his own .
thats another up-put about computers .
peoples interests are their own business without the censorship of others in the surrounding community .
you just have time for friends and family .
all you need to do is type in vacation spots and click enter .
<caps> just like talking but with either pages or instruments .
we had to take <num> stops till we got to the <location> .
sometimes this can help you decide on rather or not to read it .
meaning if parents or teenagers took offensive material off the shelf that there will be nothing else left .
by the end of the first sentence everyone was giggling .
the ones that stay behind closed doors and rarely ever come out .
without computers we would probably be really bored for the rest of our lives .
they called <person> number .
people want to say whatever they want and they have the right to .
people have a right to unmolested knowledge and censoring libraries is a direct violation of that right .
he describes the life of this person and tells life about the family .
her mother then wipes the green matter of and asks her to plant it .
we started laughing after we were out of ear shot so she could not hear us laughing at her .
libraries all over the world are all neat and organized .
everyday this happens and it always seems to brighten up our days .
then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move .
this could save someone time and effort .
also some people have bad hand writing .
the area that i would be most concerned with would be the young adult section .
and how they turned their life into something like those movies when they go on <date> or <date> break .
but the computer all of that to society .
i closed <caps> eyes and reopened them <caps> find myself in <date> .
with a guy <caps> just met .
its really just wrong .
his mother was a chemical <organization> .
computers can help with our educational needs .
exercising gives you energy and is good for you .
and some people do find that <caps> person that they been looking for .
i think what you should do its not get rid off computers .
parents have to make sure that nothing horrific happens such seeing something that a toddler or a teenager is not supposed to see .
i was sitting in the waiting room at the <organization> <caps> <caps> .
so go outside and explore you will never know what you will find .
i yelled back to my mom as i was running out of the car door .
the rolling hills in the story also affect the cyclist .
this greatly affects his family .
the final obstacle was an already existing law that prohibits airships flying low over urban areas .
we sat there for over an hour .
that quote shows how close that neighborhood was even though they came from different places .
because of the heat he was drinking his water regularly to stay hydrated .
the jokes are continuing into the week .
unfortunately we found out that we could not act at all when the first serious scene came up .
i had to keep a calm voice and be patient with the children or it would make the situation worse .
the law made it extremely hard for the builders .
but now if something is found to be offensive in any way it is essentially burned .
when he remembers he gets to go to a football game today .
i believe that there should not be censorship in media .
the three amigos then wanted to turn around and do it to us first .
once we got there the line was all the way to the train .
by this time i was crying my eyes out .
i slipped it back and started walking .
an effect of dehydration is poor balance that would have been useful to pass the ridiculously large snake he had seen .
for example my dad works for <organization> and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world .
computers teaches hand-eye coordination .
we have a live chat on <caps> or even <caps> .
i figured they were just <caps> friends coming to help me .
because some people like stuff other people <month> find offensive .
one of the first things is our freedom of speech .
books can not be taken off the shelf just for their content .
you could also play outside and shoot hoops or ride your bike .
it would be so sad for someone to just pass through life being stuck on your computer screen .
the mood of this memoir is the importance of family .
i think it depends on what the magazine is and what it talks about in it .
should be taken out of the library .
just go outside if someone kicks you off your computer .
also now most governments are networked with files on computers .
lets say you <caps> and you .
censorship should not occur in libraries for several reasons .
the builders faced many obstacles when trying to make it possible to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building .
she was getting over weight and she was failing all her classes .
everyone has the right to read or watch whatever makes them happy .
<caps> <person> said <person> come here <person> went .
also there were no other travelers so he could not ask for assistance from them .
it was last to go to wait over my dad to help understand it so much more .
the winds were too strong .
the tables have turned for me in many ways .
relationships that i share with individual family members can be observed in every family assembly as well .
now what happens if the items are removed from the shelfs of libraries .
i was literally mortified .
some experts are warned that people should spend too much time on their computers .
it can mess up your health .
books are put in libraries for peoples pleasure and love for reading .
there is something out there everyone will enjoy .
also being able to look up school work with .
anything you need you can find it on the computer .
dehydration started to set him and every hill was a challenge .
too but learning about nature is more nature .
support advances in todays technology to help improve life for those of .
this is why the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is an unjust endeavor .
after that wore off we finished the word-search <caps> started a new one .
for my great grandmas <date> we were planning a surprise party .
if you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world .
ever since then we had a good time and thats where this story ends with me saying goodbye at the airport to him .
keeping the books that are safe for kids is important for their mental health .
the future is not far away .
so i had to wait a week just to work on it again .
some of the most interesting books that i have ever read are offensive in some way .
it has a lot to do with how the parents are raising their kids .
hydrogen is very flammable .
it was worth all the time and effort .
we talked all the way back to <location> .
on the way to the bank where my mom works we came across a dog chasing a squirrel .
throughout the process of construction the empire state building contractors faced couple of obstacles in their quest to dock dirigibles on it .
the heart of the house was the kitchen .
they make fun of them because they are not like others and they can take that very offensive .
now that helps out a bunch when your traveling the world .
they use the plant cause a plant will always come back and bud again .
this caused him to sweat badly and get very dehydrated .
people who use computers often spend less time exercising .
i woke up the next day got dressed and prepared myself for laughter i was aware i would be keeling over because of .
dirigibles outside of the united states used hydrogen which is highly flammable .
for example the flower made her sad but in the end it made her better .
this at first makes her sad but then realizes how wonderful her memories are and helps her to get through this tough time .
i believe that they should leave leave them on the shelves .
you never what might find out .
the books and things in the libraries need to be changed and not be so bad .
i got done with <caps> and the bell rang to tell us school was over .
there are many things that can happen in magazines like porn .
i this because <caps> and family .
there are millions of people that play games on the computer .
its to show the best out of someone and to let them know you are listening .
and the builders of the empire state building faced numerous challenges in order to add the mast to the building .
avoiding something helps you to not read them or think about them .
that stress of the blimps load would add stress to the buildings frame so steel frame of the empire state building had to be modified and strengthened .
it has change the world .
all of which do <caps> have the need of removing these books and other materials from the libraries shelves .
hiding things from the public just because it might have some bad things in it is a little over the top .
today you can find so many offensive television shows and commercials .
i feel that abortions can come off a bit harmful to a <caps> that has not been born yet .
my family is always laughing .
that is why computers have a good effect on people today .
thats why some books and music should be removed .
i wish that sometime can go back there .
everything we did together was perfect .
so even know you can communicate with your friends .
the mood the author used in the memoir is showing how proud their family is .
the author creates a peaceful mood in the memoir .
leading experts from the <caps> .
it is happy because the author gives the reader a great explanation and description of his life at home .
once the plant is bloomed she feels like she would as well and be ready for the test .
libraries should not remove items from their shelves if someone else finds it offensive to their own beliefs .
putting bad things in an aisle is a smart idea because little kids wont be able to access it .
movies like these should teach kids to never mistreat another person .
my group went on all of the big scary rides .
the <caps> of the empire state building faced many problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i looked <caps> the stairs leading to <caps> avenue .
the trips would not have been possible without help researching and making flights with the computers .
let me explain more .
this also shows that some things like the test were strange to her but now that she is familiar with it she could pass it .
by the time we finished telling stories it had reached <time> and everyone in the house was either tired or hungry .
if you go back to the <num> there music was about drugs as well and nobody ever had a problem about that .
i disagree with that .
i thank my grandma and all my patients flew away .
adjusting myself took me about a month .
but that unfortunately did not work so well because we could not get any of the windows open .
<caps> shook her head .
she wants to start over .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air current .
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills .
making purchases is fun though .
she vows to show she wont give up despite of falling the first time .
when i was in <num> grade my teachers said that we had to write a story about us being patient .
also all things are not offensive because you can relate to some of the books and music that we here in these days .
it also give the feeling of respect .
its a better experience and you made many more moments .
there was a time i was very patient .
the foods eaten there and what the weather is like .
they faced many problems when trying to dock there .
they are intended for people of all ages .
that is what i think the saying just a slap on the wrist means .
hell never forget the gracious neighborhood brought him memories and his parents turned this simple house into a home .
so i had to be patient .
i know this from some clues in the text .
the lines got longer .
using computer to learn about different places is easy .
these are all great ways to use computers .
<caps> everyone is responsible .
so my overall opinion would be no .
making it illegal to even approach the area where the building was .
that changes the effect because by saying that it will show how tired he is going to be or the work trying to make it over the hills .
the heat had affected him greatly as well .
and with this also came doubt .
the computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this .
because we live in the <caps> .
this program ables you to enter data on places you have to go and reminds you when time is done to that event .
no action was funny or a friend saying something <caps> because your so happy sometimes you just have to let out a little bit of joy .
then i asked him after lunch and he said yes .
here is a true story about how laughter is a element of <caps> .
computers also teach hand-eye coordination .
she broke that anger and hurt inside of me just by laughing .
the author describes how his parents came to <location> and had to start all over .
a library should not be biased .
once i was taking a test it was really long .
my cousin and i laugh for both those reasons every time we are together .
the passage said that winds towards the top of the building were always shifting and they easily could have been able to swivel the dirigible .
he also continues to say to himself he should not have took that route .
she always called me sister instead of <caps> because we were so close .
there are many ways to tell .
that is how patience rewards you .
theres also the time when one of your friends is crying over something which makes you want to cheer them up or let them talk to you .
its the parents job .
they had to face that they did not do enough to see if there would be any problems with having the dirigibles dock there .
they allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions .
he describes their coming to <location> selflessly and beginning anew all so that their children could life -paragraph <num> .
i am going to tell you how they are wrong .
computers have now become part of our society and culture and is very important by following reasons .
one reason being a law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
the hibiscus represents a comforting connection to her old country .
when he finally stopped we asked again .
even though you are ill you will still be getting paid because you are still working .
it turned out to be a okay day after all of what happened .
the parents might tell their child to start the car for them and the music will be playing away .
well others <month> find things offensive that the other person does not .
the kids should not see them or know about them at all .
after that mom told me to get her glasses that we accidentally left on the trail .
theres alway ways to not to be addicted .
the builders knew that weighing down the back of a dirigible would be unsafe because of the pedestrians below .
it caused him to sweat and almost die of dehydration .
<caps> is absolutely terrifying .
if you are addicted to other websites stop because you will crash you computer with one click of your mouse .
being able to make others laugh is a great characteristic in a person .
meeting my boyfriends parents was very nerve wrecking and uncomfortable .
i appreciate you taking the time to read this and hopefully you will take my opinion into consideration when debating over the topic of computer .
wind currents would push the dirigible around and it would be very unsafe .
in the long run all this talking over computers is going to hurt them when it comes to school and getting a job .
this was not the time .
<caps> i talk to him while hes away and were almost together .
my mother believed that i should not read those novels at that age .
now was the time to think of something to do .
a computer can not only do mental things to affect you also physical like coordination .
gives bullies a chance to make their prey depressed into a point where they consider suicide .
being around people that make you laugh is always a good way to put yourself into a good mood .
we can see what happens on the other side of the world .
no computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often .
no one if forcing them to read them .
even if a certain material is offensive it should not be removed .
i told you what i thought should go on in the library .
the mood created by the author is in the memoir .
i was patience when in line waiting for lunch .
one of the greatest obstacles they had to face were the winds at the top of the building because the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
if someone just removed all the things that are found offensive from the shelves .
the setting in do not <caps> posted speed limits affects the mood of the cyclist in that every time the setting changes the mood of the cyclist changes .
one time <caps> <caps> <caps> and i stayed up until three in the <time> .
this is so offensive .
that is not what <location> needs .
thank you for reading this .
typing to long or to much can cause your fingers to lock up and it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain .
so i think computers let you open up and connect with others and get other things done on the web .
my dad said we would leave around seven thirty but it was an hour more that we planned .
thats just apart of life and how people act anymore .
without the computer you cant communicate with family .
its the first time going to the dunes with my new four wheeler and i cant wait .
at the top of the building the winds shifted due to violent air currents .
he says the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
this is just one example of how social networks are helpful .
also it could help you get a job .
also my mama had to go to other places to .
some <month> be fond of other genres and some <month> dislike the other genres .
without computers our country would be nothing .
then when we left we went to get some food because we were all hungry .
or even teach them that those books are wrong .
she picked me up and we drove to the emergency room .
and because he drinks lots of water he very soon runs out .
which makes her feel like she is at home and she can at least take the test .
this is exactly what we would be doing if we allowed censorship of our libraries to take place .
it is clearly evident that the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is a bad idea as a whole .
the beauty of the outdoors become forgotten .
if you were to write a book and somebody says you cant put a certain word .
i remember every other day someone would go home crying .
by saying she would try to pass the test again in the spring is showing she is confident and is looking for a new beginning to come then .
he had also told me that the safety was on .
because of the hot weather and rough roads the cyclist became dehydrated faster than normal .
so please keep reading my letter and i will tell you the side effects of the computer .
in a resent survey it showed that teenagers stay on the computers the most .
you have to be with your patience when you to do the doctor .
the school board did not even care though .
for normal people to enjoy one another they must have fun and fun begins with laughter .
technology is all around us .
people are ignoring their health and instead staying on the computer .
sometimes it brings out the best in people and thats the best part about reading a book like that .
the fence climber left our home first .
everybody else was getting to go a head of as and we stayed patient .
his family supported him by growing up in a happy loving home .
kids have a great memory on things that should not be remembered .
it was so funny because they had no idea where the yells were coming from so they just kept looking around confused .
maybe in the future there will be a way to go on the computer but be active to .
i assisted with the set up of the decorations as well as the other amenities and found my seat .
put in some <caps> of <caps> and start killing people .
i was stuck in the back seat with nothing to do .
<caps> stormed back into the room with a shampoo bottle clenched in his hand .
maybe its because it helps students study .
at the end of sixth period i seen her and she told me that she got switched out and went to a class that she wanted .
so i do not think all offensive material should be removed from shelves but sometimes things can offend more than one person in which case they <month> need to be removed .
you have narrowed their choices down because of your own selfish opinion .
for example everyday i walk the halls i over hear students talking about <caps> happen of the computer <time> .
a persons eye sight is most likely to drop if they are on the computer everyday .
the funny thing was when she sat down she said <caps> saved my life .
these are all things that affected the cyclist very much .
almost everyone has a computer and it gets used more and more and it is just taking away a great time to go be active outside .
sometimes i am but sometimes <caps> not <caps> going to tell you a story when i was patient when <caps> normally not patient in situations like this .
my second reason is that it allows people in far away places to connect .
trying to control our lives as if it was your own provokes kids to rebel even more when the chance arises .
first thing is that computers are having a <caps> effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing .
the builders also faced the obstacle of safety .
for the rest of ride there i was pretty quiet .
if there is offensive material in their stuff then anyone can see it and it could put a negative thought in some peoples heads .
please keep reading to hear my great ideas .
read the following to know just how important computers really are .
i know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you enjoy is completely unfair .
that was a quote from paragraph <num> .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles .
the temperature and excessive sweating cause the cyclist to drink a lot of water .
a challenge in your life .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is over all warm .
well i have a solution to your problem .
i just think that people should have to be a certain age for some of the things though .
this law would make it illegal to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
but instead of just going and sitting on the couch for the whole night you could go to the computer and do a fun game for a little while .
all of these obstacles combined to make the project impractical and impossible
i was so excited but i remembered that i would have to wait until everyone woke up .
one of the reasons why i think people should stay to computers is because they can learn .
there were many problems with the designing of the dirigible docking system .
she was stunningly pretty .
it was one at <person> and i favorite game we played .
its not fair to those people .
it was so hard not even collage student could finish i t .
the first obstacle was how to add a mooring mast without adding stress to the buildings frame .
people i know have complained of their eyes hurting after using the computer .
so when she takes her test in the spring she will feel better and more comfortable while she is remembering her old life in a new place .
in the memoir <person> by himself he creates a tone of love .
maybe there parents should look at the books first or maybe they should have taken it off the shelf .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is how she learned the definition of family .
because some books and movies are bad to show little kids .
this made it illegal for ships to ever tie up to the building .
thats why i think computers are positive and helpful .
your comfortable person could even be your future spouse .
so my brother drew back his bow .
the wind was unpredictable and the dirigibles would just be swinging in the wind .
people should be mature enough to stay away from and not let the offensive materials in a library get to them
<caps> i hope today hell have a little more patience hopefully .
the second way he creates a happy mood is talking about friendship .
i believe that people should be able to go on computers for needed actions such as research .
they <month> also tad addicting but people know when to stop .
the cyclist chose to ride through the worst terrain one can ride through .
all he could think of was his <caps> .
there is a constant powerful wind that shifts a lot due to all the different air currents the building creates .
also some books help prepare a person for the outside world .
you would be a bored kid or adult if you keep doing this .
in fact hardly any will .
another example is after he had left the sign that told him not to pass .
it just depends how sensitive people are .
i use <caps> to keep in touch with family on the <location> .
also all he could do was a water depleting <num> .
that is why i think the author ended the story that way .
these dirigibles used hydrogen which is more flammable then the helium ships .
he had a very warm tone when he talks about how much love there was in his house .
let your children read a book with lots of pictures and color .
i enjoy listening to music because sometimes songs can relate to you and make you fell that your not alone .
all of a sudden i had to use the bathroom really bad .
to fix this problem the <organization> steel frame would need to be modified and strengthened to support the mooring mast and dirigible .
just as we all have choices .
they usual are good listeners .
these are just some of the many reasons why you have to check out materials from the library .
thats my story i told in my own way .
it is always saying that his house was always filled with friends and family .
whenever <caps> brother and i got on the computer well stay in the all day .
instead of writing the word out .
i instantly started to ask a million questions to see if she was okay .
when you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car .
the load of the dirigible and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the foundation of the building which was eleven-hundred feet below .
the frame of the empire state building would have to be changed due to the pressure that would be put on the building .
it made moving to a new school less scary and helped me to find a place to fit in .
the setting greatly affects the cyclist and his mindset .
the wait will be a minimum of <num> hours .
she is from <location> .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting do to violent air currents .
i know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored .
due to the height of the empire state building the wind became a major factor .
playing games on the computer can be a nice way to relax .
both of these diseases are lethal .
most people wonder where their children learn curse words or sexual behavior and do not consider media as the problem .
so its already too late for that .
in conclusion the authors moods can be described in many different ways .
when i have children i will make sure that they are reading materials that fit them .
even when you are just on the computer .
the most popular and common of a computer now is communication .
protecting children from adult content filled libraries should be the least of a parents concerns .
thats stating the mood was very cultural .
teens learn to type to make life easier .
i was being patient because we were going to <location> .
nature had been the biggest problem .
the wind was vicious at <num> ft in the air .
the first day we were in eastern <organization> before we even found the place we were going to stay at we went to a huge reservoir to go fishing .
less and less people are to enjoy a fresh <date> and instead spend it indoors on their country .
you would forget to say hi and how are you to your family .
another memorable laughing moment was spent with my dad and brother .
there was absolutely no way that i was going to stop giggling until i went to bed .
the world today in the <location> is hardly free .
another reason is that airships flew too low over urban areas .
obviously the library allowed it there for some reason .
it involved taking a note cards from different sources .
this whole time he was waiting with just enough patience to shoot every single person one by one .
and then we have no books left on the shelf left for any of us .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
there was also a law stating that airships could not fly too low above urban areas .
books about abortion give us an idea about how horrible it is or how it can not only effect the women who go through with it .
as i got off the bus i was already feeling the emotions rising to the surface .
next he noticed the changes in the terrain .
another is that it lets people stay in touch with family and friends around the globe .
here are some reasons why you would agree to removing somethings off the shelves like sex .
the <caps> on the outsides of the building would have to deal with the strong wind currents .
it reminded her of how things were different .
we needed it to thrive .
it gives you a variety of things to look at or even check out .
there is another reason why people go to the library .
and then the other old man asked him did he know the best way there .
laughter can mend a friendship to make two strangers become the best of friends .
another example of library rentals that can be harmful to developing minds are <caps> .
from being total strangers and now best friends .
there was no way to be sure that the dirigibles could even dock or be controlled once docked .
i know you have read stories that talks about sex and how to do it and all sorts of things .
thats when my friends knew that i found someone to take care of me and love me for who i am .
i am going to tell you a little story of what every parent has to go through that requires a lot of patience .
my other friend <person> spent the <time> at <person> house the <time> his mom died .
a person that <month> come in the library daily <month> want to read that book because that is the type of books that the man likes .
if i were the author i would also have gotten tired because you need water in your body to survive .
but something even worse is on the way .
no one is going to have the same interest all the time .
she said to me in a catty voice and stuck me with a pointed glare .
my family being immigrants from another country my family .
i laughed so hard i almost went the bathroom on myself .
you can go to a different store for enjoyment .
we just started laughing it was really embarrassing .
finally one day he got nosy and took one of my moms movies without asking .
by not being patient i just mean i cant wait .
you have to type them too .
<caps> grandma owned a <caps> <caps> .
we waited for an hour .
i got offended when the salesperson said that i looked fat in the jeans i had picked .
censoring or removing things that you find offensive <month> be a good idea .
in addition the computer benefits students very well .
this feeling is without words .
theres no reason why they should be removed off of the shelves .
formed the backdrop to life in our warm home .
it is wrong to make fun of or joke about people .
of the building and mooring mast into account .
letting them grow up as innocent as possible .
they feared that if they docked the end it would be unsafe to the pedestrians below just as the helium in the dirigible would of as well .
thats why i think the mood of the memoir is warm and nice .
i asked if i was going to hurt and they said you wont fell a thing .
the passage explained that the winds above the empire state building would shift violently and frequently .
i got it all from my dad .
the sites could also bring you to your schools website .
neither was anybody else .
<person> work was written in a new and breakthrough method .
the builders of the empire state building faced many difficulties in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
he said we were going on a trip to <location> so he could go to <location> before he left this world .
i put <person> <num> witch means i finished <num> books .
in paragraph <num> they also describe another obstacle was the nature itself because the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
smiles were not hard to come by and we all enjoyed the simplicity that our lives had to offer .
in the <num> grade <caps> person was split into a group .
in spring when all of these events take place .
the computer can help reach people from a very young age good hand-eye coordination .
or if you have a vocabulary exam you can find the definitions fast and easy on the computer .
so it was on leg <num> minutes and <caps> the time we got on the ride and at the top of the hill it was probably a <caps> line .
in the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material .
overall laughing for me is one of the most important things a person can do to make another person feel welcome and comfortable around you .
makes you feel like at this moment your bonding with this person .
this was a night more .
one of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you .
the situation would have been different if it were anywhere else .
it was a warm day and i was sitting on the grass with the radio on .
some of us do like those kind of movies or book or even magazines and think that is very cool or interesting
once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop .
a black frame with neon blue sides .
it was a cold <date> when i walked out of my house one morning to go to school .
the greatest obstacles the builder of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was one of safety .
spending time on the computer runs up the electric bill .
i read a book but finished it .
this arrived as a huge problem as the architects could not weigh down the back of the ship because it could endanger pedestrians .
if the snake would have bitten him he could have died from poison .
i have several reasons i feel support my opinion about not removing material found offensive by some .
there are also websites that you can use for studying .
overall think the library is not a place to take things away when any one is welcome .
finally we get out and find my arrow but never found the deer and i had to have patient for next years hunt .
you are doing good .
what harm could it cause to see it now .
the significance of the last paragraph is mainly about the <caps> budding .
a public library is designed to accompany a vast variety of readers .
you can talk to people on certain websites .
she is always dancing at music on commercials or singing opera .
the world is not a perfect place by no means .
not everyone will see the meaning but it is there .
even though i cant describe it i do have general concept of it .
the builders of the empire state building faced many difficulties and obstacles during the process of creating the great building .
the mood of the memoir was warm and happy .
the first place we went to out of three place we were to be touring that day was the <organization> .
the best two out of <caps> wins the match .
computers let you talk your you right .
the media constantly portrays sensual elements and the language is also bad .
the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were <caps> .
this is not a nice word in our day and time .
it allows to go to other websites to find information to .
it is up to the kids not to read them .
now that i look back at the day i realize how funny that memory was .
by making someone laugh it makes the awkwardness go away .
he had to ride up one long hill so that also made him tired .
it had taken me sad a long time to sort up for it .
i love talking to <caps> friends .
do not let the world come to that .
after <caps> got to the airport <caps> had to wait a long time .
there are a few reasons for this .
it always has some kind of value .
one evening when he was resting he got into a deep conversation with a couple of elders .
then the pedestrians below could get hurt if the zeppelin came crashing down .
nobody wants to be criticized in a book or such .
it was taking us so long to get home because it was snowing really badly .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frame work .
my two uncles live in <location> .
all these books have been in libraries for this amount of time why change it now .
they were all struggling immigrants who had sacrificed a lot .
so here is the goal .
although my family was embarrassed for what i had done they were laughing hysterically inside at the same time .
he appreciates how his parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people they considered family .
i love all of his books but these ones are the best .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
this is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free .
therefore the computer should be supported and not looked down upon .
the mood in this <caps> of writing was very happy .
now we have more and more things we can laugh about .
a one thousand-foot dirigible held by only a single winch would be to heavy for the buildings frame .
it would cause much argument among people .
<person> was baptized there .
<caps> said the whole family was coming over .
there are already all these other banned books out there why ban any more .
another element of the setting that affected the cyclist was the terrain .
when he is recollecting memories from his childhood he shows how there was a lot of happiness in their home .
patience is when you wait for somebody to do something .
it was as if they fell off the face of the <location> .
this is why i think the authors mood is happy and calm .
i had vocals <caps> is a galore to deal with .
there is always someone that has a different opinion of things .
computers are a serious issue .
when he finally put me in .
<caps> mom and i were in the house packing everyones things .
this is because you have <caps> and it lets you know things that happen in school or out of school .
it often can bring people closer and help to solidify their friendships .
the era of when the book takes place is also a key factor .
it could always be much worse than what it is .
the only common occurrence that was particularly displeasing to my <caps> was when someone spilled their milk .
the mood the author created in the memoir was happiness .
this is her new home with new hibiscus .
i said to <caps> self .
he loved swords so much .
he also had problems with his parents and brother .
some people spend hours each day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that actually benefited them .
thats what matters .
you can save anything on a computer .
how his parents came there as immigrants and made a life for themselves and then him .
certain literature provides a cornucopia of topics and subjects to be helpful to a processing brain .
in my opinion there should be very <caps> censorship in a library .
dear local newspaper .
everything i did caused him to become hysterical .
books are learning .
one example is when your teacher says i want a essay on <person> and i want it to be neat .
on a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to <caps> tickets would have the exact same thing .
computers help you find out important information that you might need to know in the future .
not having a lot of water is really bad when your outside in the heat and the cyclist had no idea where to find more .
arguing in my family causes friction to the point where we become unsocial and turn to a computer .
most importantly was the danger involved in this ambitious plan .
no computers no education and you will go and works at <caps> or something .
i remember when my brother was <caps> impatient .
another mood is grate full the author as it says in the story i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the excerpt states most dirigibles outside of the u .
computers are changing the way everyday people live .
the easiest way of this was talking over .
me and <caps> were looking at it and it had a big hot tube bath bed king size bed i jumped on it and it was the best .
i waited for the people in the <caps> next to me to get done with their turn and then i went up to bowl .
i looked up what movies were in and their was a pretty good selection .
in this paragraph i am going to explain to you why i think interacting with family and friends is better than on the computer .
hydrogen gas is extremely flammable .
the line is about an hour long and the sun is beating down on you so to me it felt like forever .
the builders of the empire state building had to face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
magazines can put false information out so people will believe it .
now days i spend up to on hour and a half on the computers .
i went to my first couple classes and gained more acquaintances like usual and felt as if thing might not change after all .
s when my mom was just six .
most dirigibles used hydrogen which was highly flammable .
a time when i was patient was when i ordered a <caps> in the mail .
now and day people are using social networking sites like <caps> and <caps> to talk with people far away .
the sound of <caps> laughter coaxed me to continue forward with my speech .
we cannot let this continue .
this shows that the home is peaceful .
this creates a warm mood because the kitchen seems like a very friendly place due to the people gathering together .
but the biggest hindrance was along his setting .
we swapped numbers and addresses .
we all hugged her and ran off to the swings and monkey bars .
there was nothing around that he could drink .
its illogical to think that just removing materials from libraries would prevent different groups of people from being offended by the media .
this solution will prevent anyone from seeing something that offends them .
we as a country were built off the radical and offensive things written about the <caps> .
we brought them home and we let them explore all around our house .
this material can create a very ambitious young child .
i went back to sleep in the tractor tell they were done .
explicit content can give children more details about how things really are in life .
as my sisters are now done and we are in the car we can finally get off to <location> .
it was a play boy bunny magazine .
i will elaborate in the following three paragraphs .
the story says the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
i took in a huge gulp of air and let it out with a sigh .
thats all i have to say about censorship .
he always gets very frustrated whenever something or someone takes too long .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
happens <caps> ever it pleases .
<caps> we did it for a year and a half .
to do that they would need a lot of money like sixty thousand dollars .
it is clear that the builders of the empire state building went through challenging obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
it brings a whole package .
his name is <caps> .
people need technology for a lot of thin have technology to us .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy .
his response was you just got off .
i believe the toughest feature of the setting was the heat .
the author choose to end the story with that paragraph for emotional meanings .
beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
i think about <person> and <person> laughing and pointing as we attempted to go swimming .
there are different kinds of channels that view these materials .
the last paragraph leaves a definite ending so the reader knows exactly what is going to happen in the future .
and was over-drinking .
they strengthened to iron frame of the building so it could withstand the added stress .
this story is how i have been patient waiting for my birthday in three days .
sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are .
as described in paragraph .
so i ran up stairs to tell my brothers what i saw .
there are books that children or young adult should read and should not read .
should be remove from the shelves if they are found offensive <caps> choice is no .
i have observed numerous pitchers who just completely give up and look defeated .
<caps> saying it was going to be hard finding a place to land .
<person> was always happy because he was always a part of a family .
taking out certain offensive learning materials <caps> leave people in a bored mindless state of mind .
doing this could result in less material for people of all ages .
the children just need to stay in there own age levels .
the next time it blooms the girl will be ready for the test and will take it again and will pass .
i keep asking over and over again .
<person> had bone bugs for the <date> and was putting inside air <num> .
activities keep you mind off things read on to find our more .
computers can help you learn so much about the world without having to leave your house .
most often things that are offensive is the truth .
nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family .
whether its for work or the one keeping in touch with a relative .
people are allowed to read and write whatever they want and sometimes it might offend others but theres nothing you can really do about it .
children at young ages still have their innocence .
its the beginning and end of friendship and unity .
the setting played a major role on the cyclist because it affected him that much .
this shows the hills were hard on him because he says they were long and crippling .
we made fun of my brother for being the only boy out of five kids .
the author constantly talks about how his home was a wonderful place and a happy environment to live in .
thats why i said that you still could interact with your family even you see on the computer .
people that like to read go there to get a kind of book they want .
everyone has the right to have their own opinion .
they invited immigrants to their house to eat and celebrate the arrival of the united states .
some times the only way to make contact with them is by talking to them on the computer .
one day he sent letter to a random address and waited and waited and waited .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun .
they have no limits .
i believe that computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly .
its perfectly normal for many adults who have children to discriminate against certain media .
these people are not alone .
more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals .
that is the mood in the memoir .
i thoroughly agree with that statement .
the last obstacle faced with the fact that there was a law about airships flying to low over urban areas .
one thing we always like to laugh about is the way my dad always says album .
in my science class a boy named <caps> never does his homework .
its especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences .
discover how great an impact computers can have on your life with just a click of the mouse .
he admired their courage .
even when my grandma died she stayed cool .
my friend <caps> was going to finally give me an answer to my question .
these are the obstacles that the builders had to face .
you eventually memorize where all of the keys are located .
he was so reluctant to even pay it and afterwards he was annoyed all week for even-paying it .
some people would say that people spend too much time on computers .
i sat next to all my friends and the all thought i would get first place .
i was waiting for <caps> to come .
the mood created in this memoir is a warm feeling that surrounds the meaning of family and home .
they are chalk full of answer and ideas that can help you .
it seemed that the day is going to end like this .
laughter is the so called best medicine .
the <location> has the highest number of obese citizens in the world .
people will always say what they want but not everyone can get what they want .
information of any kind is a good <caps> no matter the content of it .
it was the first time we had been there in over twelve years because my mom and i could not go visit them do to immigration problems .
this is a time i had to be patient .
the <caps> of <person> is undoubtedly loving
and its whatever they believe in is how it should go .
this is why some of the stuff should be taken out of our public libraries
also a computer can help you with your education .
by keeping updated .
it is said that more one million people and up use there computer more than once a day .
id rather read a book that interests me than a book that i dislike .
the quote in short words for me means what should and should not be allowed for children and what they should learn as children .
but when we got there we found out we had to wait <num> hours until the plane left and wed be on our way to <location> .
this is what i think of this essay it will be up to the people to choose what they want the listen and hear too .
finally i said in paragraph <num> .
libraries need to up their standards of what should be in the library and what should not .
good and bad things come from this .
here is an example in which laughter brought my boyfriend and i together .
having things to remind her of home and the house that she lives at now can help her a lot in being confident in herself .
but on the other hand i can see how some people can get offended .
computers also teach you how to set you fingers on the home row for the keyboard .
every student do the same .
to us that class was extremely boring and we just made it fun but <person> decided to make a sitting chart .
then they both began to look at each other and started to laugh .
it took us <num> hours to get there .
computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them .
they had to find away to make the load less bearing on the building .
s was patient waiting for him to stop .
you look up at everyone with not a faint clue of <caps> to do anything .
while the music was still blasting and even could be heard from all the way upstairs .
the winds on top of the buildings were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
secondly he says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
these conditions all made the cyclist have to work harder to find his destination .
now you know why being on the computer far along time can be bad .
the cyclist had a hard trail to bike in order to get to <location> .
but thats what i think about this kind .
it was once said you can not know your present without knowing your future .
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family .
these are only three of the main moods in the story .
they have the same affect .
another problem faced was the use of hydrogen in the dirigibles made them highly flammable .
the facts point out that society fears the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcome of similar campaigns and has instated systems designed to prevent such occurrences .
i believe that censorship is a good idea in some cases .
it always put a smile on everyone and it was entertaining .
i have come up with <num> reasons to support my opinion .
it benefits society for certain reasons it depends .
my aunt greeted me by cracking a joke towards how i was the only guy attending the shower .
<person> decided that we should into the photo booth to make this <caps> legit .
now my friends and i can laugh at each when we do dumb thing in front of each other .
it says in the article that i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
this shows how truly sure smith was about the goals simplicity .
i also will explain its key element in part of the world .
i spend the days we stay over there going out to walk with my sister and cousins or going to the beach with all my family .
an example of a story that would suffer from censorship is the famous the <caps> of <organization> .
we have shared the same feelings and the innocent we were at that age .
i talk to family members .
i could not believe my eyes .
maybe that person has personal issues .
most small children do not even go to the library so they would become virtually useless .
<caps> helps students do there school work .
recently i was in the hospital with very severe abdominal pains .
censoring those works would be considered a violation to the freedom of expression .
if people want this is going to be a big war .
dirigibles could not dock at the empire state building because it was unsafe and illegal .
one day at the fair i was patient .
materials found in the library are a form of expression to the individual who created them or to the society as a whole .
a time when i was patient was when we were leaving on vacation .
they have made a great deal of positive impact .
another obstacle the <caps> faced was the <caps> had to complete the roof before the framing of the mooring mast could take place .
a time when i was patient was when i was helping a kid in my class on his project .
censoring something not only hurts the person who created it but hurts everyone else .
all of my experiences seem to point to not reading books that cause distress or controversy .
i have heard of people who have gotten mad because there was a nude picture in an art book .
so thats my view on the censorship in libraries .
i thought to myself <caps> is the day it has to be .
i was utterly shocked .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is many things .
at least not forever
i was taking one piece at at time trying to make sure that the pile would not fall on me .
<caps> also allows for people to ask questions .
some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and hanging with your friends and family .
only until the end of the story does the cyclist run into another human .
the time i had <num> be patient was when i was at my first foot ball game .
you cannot control what other people do or say .
one night me and my dad were in my house in the kitchen and he was arguing with me about my grades .
<caps> example on <organization> you find what ever street you want .
the human brain is a piece of work .
he always waited for every else and he never complained .
i kept looking around and found it in my room under all my dirty clothes .
limited computer use or parental control would really help prevent this .
you can also talk to people on them .
which you just type what you want and click .
so we went to go see if hes okay and he said yea so we took off .
someone once told me that laughter is the key element of comfort .
especially on a hot summer day .
<person> gets up and does the same .
we learn and understand at different rates .
thats why you should believe that computers have positive effect on people .
<caps> is only six about to be seven .
if people want to read these kinds of books they should search elsewhere .
while using a computer you can also talk to people .
they are too busy with computers .
<caps> describes her house is warm and says that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
the moment of breakdown was as she got the flower .
computers are great for <organization> .
<caps> is the key to their future
games are great to get your mind going .
and that such a person should put the shoe on the other foot as the saying goes and try to see from other people point of view .
the topic of censorship is a very touchy subject to start with .
i was patient the whole time in line to get in the boat .
we got our tickets and headed off into the plane .
they are concerned there is way too much computer time .
or nagging to leave somewhere like a aunts or uncles house .
my mom told me to go get my swimsuit on so we can go to the park .
<person> was already here of course because hes the <date> boy .
the computer is you friend .
we went on all of the rides .
then it was my turn .
there will definitely be some people like that .
<person> looked at me and groaned .
her eyes seem like the deep blue ocean .
there are actually quite a few different instances in which i remember laughing particularity hard .
like in a restaurant you be patient and wait for your food .
i refuse to support any idea that directly opposes the <caps> and the people of the <location> should be appalled that this sort of thing is even in discussion .
he shows how one needs laughter to be well .
they can help you learn new things meet new friends and give you something to do when your bored .
there was a fish named <caps> .
he says that he will always be grateful to his parents .
there would only be a single cable tether and it would add stress to the buildings frame .
my letter to you was to show you on my opinion on what i think should be in a library or not .
people have the freedom of speech .
anyone can pick a side .
the <caps> <caps> <caps> the beautiful flames danced so peacefully in the <caps> air .
the biggest issue he faces is the weather .
we cant just take materials off the shelfs of libraries .
you cannot tell a girl that she needs to be a specific height and a specific weight by a specific time .
this problem cost over sixty thousand dollars .
so i think they should change it around .
this presents him with his first doubt and he continues with caution .
to make his building the tallest in the world he added the mooring mast .
censoring these books can give an ease to kids and parents .
i still do not see why it is such a big deal of reading uncensored material .
i think that is the peoples desire to know everything and be smarter than other people or competitions .
the way he describes his experience in the kitchen cooking and listening to music gives the reader a warm feeling .
she complained to one of the librarians and asked that they please remove them .
if i had the right to keep the books and etc on the shelf i would .
these are pieces of evidence that describe the mood of the memoir .
it still makes me giggle just thinking about that <time> .
then because of the old towns he went through he was unable to get water .
about nine out or ten kids wont know the assignment when they get home that night .
its so amazing to have these two great friends to laugh along with .
me personally am faster at than writing .
laughter is a good part of any relationship .
banning books is hindering authors everywhere from being able to make a name for themselves .
the parents bought the tickets and asked their children what ride they wanted to go on .
thats why i think <caps> should have a room for things that might offend certain people .
finally the bell rang it was <num> at last .
the author reflects upon his experiences at home in a positive manner which expresses the fact that he is thankful for what he had .
<caps> hand eye coordination can improve people in sports such as baseball and basketball .
the snake was big and the cyclist had to work his best to pass it while wobbling from dehydration .
<caps> allows you to type up anything you want for school .
the flowers bloom in the spring bringing new life .
it was obvious she did not belong up there .
the awkwardness passed momentarily when the adults intervened .
i think we had a test that day .
its rude for it to be there .
she like we got all day .
eventually after reaching a source of running water he is overjoyed with happiness and relief .
children are influenced by the things they see .
thank gosh it was during the <date> because me and him did it a few more times just too be brats too mom and dad .
tons of students in <location> have projects everyday and they got to be on the computer to look up their information .
people need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising .
one time i was patient for the doctors and i had a great time .
so when he got to the old pump hot dirty water came out .
it was very difficult for the builders of the empire state building to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i believe censorship is a lousy excuse so that parents and upper government officials have to do less work .
those with the moods of the story
thank you for your concern
growing up my mom always told me that laughter is the best medicine .
the libraries is a public place that everyone has the right to go and borrow stuff from .
now i use e-mail e-mail every day .
the author concludes the story with this passage because she is using the hibiscus as an example of survival .
let me share with you a personal story of my own .
they can communicate easily what has been done and what needs to be done at the office such as what bills have been paid .
if you were limited to only certain subjects because all of the other choices were thrown out you might begin to feel trapped .
now walking with my arms stretched afar id knew if we were at the object .
the author concludes the response by saying that when spring comes and the hibiscus is budding she will take the test again .
<caps> <person> eighth grade teacher .
the last obstacle was that it was illegal .
in this story the feeling on nothing and the desert around him and the heat gave him no hope .
these are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends .
my second reason is if you have a computer you can look up questions that you would have .
i think about a person standing in line at a store when theres <num> people standing in front of you .
this would add stress to the buildings frame and to dirigibles moored up their .
kids should be exercising outside not siting at home on the computer .
at the end of the day the three of us went back to class smiling and laughing .
using computers we save trees and stop all that from happening .
i just cant wait to open presents and eat cake .
i read books in school with all kinds of violence and other things people <month> not like but its history .
do you know anyone in the world that can say the computer is not fun .
winter hibiscus by <caps> ho explores ones quest for acceptance and adaptation to changes in life .
its the best ride in the whole wide world .
the man was very crazy .
things were very different and new for us .
laughing is a wonderful feeling .
<person> and i have a knack for making each other burst out in laughter when all we want to do is be angry or just cry .
so when they write a book that has inappropriate actions in it they got it from the way people truly are in the world .
when people try to put boundaries on what is offensive and what is not they can not .
the author of this memoir presented a kind of grateful and cheerful mood .
all of these culture came together in solidarity and friendship .
i believe that if you do not like the books then stay away from them .
this is why the author concluded that way .
one of the big problems facing docking dirigibles is the government and the law .
these are how the features affect the cyclist journey .
our children are the most important things to us .
she failed the test but she got the hibiscus and it helped her to restore her resolve to pass the test .
so now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing .
so we really lucked out on that one .
the cyclist has to watch out for a rough road he was going over .
many obstacles faced the builders of the empire state building in their attempts to dock dirigibles or zeppelins .
explicit material is available everywhere you look .
such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch .
we were never going to get on the boat .
the dirigibles used outside of the united states used a gas they created a dangerous risk for accidents .
i also think the computers are helpful by talking to friends or family .
he told me the correct way to play the notes .
i was just a little kid so i was very excited to take my first plane ride .
most libraries have labels for certain books anyway .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness .
there is also caring and selflessness .
when we did icebreaker games to break tension and meet the people on our teams more easily .
the girl looks slightly nervous as she keeps smoothing her skirt out .
i was having a pretty hard time dealing with it .
well most of the time .
my mom went shopping for dog store they told us we could pick him up on <date> .
laughing will probably help .
stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends .
they help students catch up or fully understand something .
there are many obstacles the builders had to face while attempting to allow the docking of dirigibles .
i strongly believe that computers do benefit society for three reasons .
you should have an idea of what your picking up .
i agree with those people .
skills are things you need to have if you want to pursue a career .
the library has always been a place where you go to find exactly what you want and you know that they will have it .
the <organization> uses computers to locate where they will attack or defend .
they hypnotize the young children and adults .
and how his simple three room apartment has become a home .
when they arrived at <organization> <organization> they were sad to find that their reservation had been double booked and the other couple had arrived only moments before them .
when my mom and brother finally got back after about a week things went somewhat back to normal .
i got a glimpse of the long line of people waiting to get in .
you are probably using a computer to type the documents .
it shows the theme of the story really .
i believe that the hibiscus and the drivers test are relevant like the blooming of a flower .
books containing this are not considered appropriate for children and need to be placed in a different section of the library .
our national parks <num> have been decreasing in their numbers of customers at a fast rate .
she was laughing so hard that we teased her saying keep it in .
by now we were practically boyfriend girlfriend .
it all started out at my aunts birthday party .
he writes his memoirs in loving spirits dedicating his knowledge of a family to his own .
n o matter what happens tomorrow why should we care about it today when we have such a beautiful life waiting for us .
this proves proves how much difficulty the builders were going to have with the construction of the empire state building .
<caps> weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake .
if somebody switched that word it could lead to it happening again .
all of my friends and i laugh all the time .
i found one that looked very interesting i got it and started to read it .
in almost all of books someone <month> be able to find something offensive to them or to someone else .
school is a big thing now-a-days .
she wanted to be back home .
i felt bad so i had to do something funny that was going to put her in the mood to not be mad at my dad anymore .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
its call power school .
in school you have to keep patient .
i knew i was going to love her and she was going to be just as patient as i was .
in those <num> months we wanted a house neat to a patch of works and a fresh water <date> .
this is important because when kids get bullied the feel bad about themselves .
lunch was much more crowded than my old school .
one reason is that you can explore things at home .
furthermore the last reason i would like to commit is that learning about the world is very important for the young and old .
<person> saw his friends in site <caps> were all standing outside of the <caps> <caps> bakery .
people can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school .
this is why i think computers are very positive .
read on to hear how i further explain my reasoning .
the wind movement would move the dirigibles around when trying to dock so they would have troubles with that .
the amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade .
she feels that it is the right thing to do and it will be the right time to come back and take the test .
there were strong winds with a mooring mast would be so the dirigibles would be force to swivel and move in every direction .
the setting had a huge affect on the cyclist .
meaning that i pinned everyone in the first round .
the desert is really hot so he needed more water than he would have if he were riding in the woods or if there was snow .
young children know about drugs and know that those drugs are harmful .
he said that was one house hold he would never forget .
the way that the person is feeling is a big part on weather they try hard or they do not worry about it too much .
if we were in a world without computers then our society would be completely lost .
books and movies with adult content in them can also provide insight on what a society should not be like .
i have been patient many time here are a few of them .
computer affect us in a negative way that can change the course of our life .
she realized the once strange things were now part of her everyday life .
so he had to move around it .
i think that the <caps> .
you can also look out to nature .
we cannot really do anything about this .
but after all of those people that can and cant people cant quit .
i then asked her to sit with me during <caps> .
i am not complaining about this because i understand that schools have to be careful of what they are exposing students to .
i am sad to announce that we will be opening up <caps> <caps> in <num> more minutes .
that example explains on how the wildlife might exceed to more dangerous creature .
this can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop .
the books at the library are on a shelf and little kids grab them everyday so why cant they read them if there in their sight .
another series of laughs sprang from this boy .
this represents the change that has occurred in her and it foreshadows that things will be different from now on .
then we seen a sign that says you are how leaving <location> and another sign that said you are how entering <location> and thats when it happened the traffic jam .
people have a choice of what they want to buy and rent .
i have personally find myself laughing most when i am around people that i enjoy being with .
people should be outside jogging or working out and enjoying nature .
and so there the <num> of us were standing there .
the setting is very important in every story and can change everything .
hand-eye coordination can also be useful to people with jobs .
in this part of the story it proves that the cyclist is out of water .
it was not easy being patient .
magazines that are bad should be taken off the shelf .
my friend was not happy .
they were the difference between them failing or succeeding .
look for something else more interesting to you .
this website is where you can friend people you know from the past and interact with them .
the whole <num> hours at this new school was dreadful .
then out of no where everyone starts to laugh into tears at the thought of what just happened .
however <caps> you <month> not have known is that it is thought about in every school and every public library .
once i had figured out that this person whom i once trusted was trying to spite me i became overwhelmed with my emotions .
my dad mom and dad and my mom and my mom dad and mom give us money .
i believe we made the most fun out of the <time> as we possibly could .
i was getting angry because there were no turtles bitting my line .
racism can cause people to feel very hurt also .
<caps> friend just stood there and took in every word .
it was late <date> when my <caps> is and i was going to <caps> point for my <caps> .
computers are also beneficial because of what huge resource they are .
people of the <location> have the freedom of speech and taking away books from libraries is partially taking away that right .
in the story rough road ahead the setting and the features affect the cyclist .
later she told us we had to come up with a special song for the family .
the computer would help them find website that they could get a free education .
for some reason i started to laugh .
they did lots of experiments and tests on dirigibles .
we saw my brother walking back with the other cop .
the plans that have builders working so hard on frame work and observation decks failed .
all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
you would hop on a computer and check it out .
well rap music is based on their past and how their life is .
i came up with the best idea i have thought of yet .
we find another covenant store and <person> ran in to ask .
in sports you always have to be patient .
it is found almost everywhere .
another reason the author <month> have used this paragraph to conclude the story is to show people to never quit .
everyone has a different view of books .
another obstacle that was faced was safety .
have you ever wanted to play outside but it was raining or your friends were not around .
many kids do not do any type of athletic sport .
which needs to end now these beautiful land marks across the world are being wasted because hardly any ones looking at them .
turns out i was in to much of a hurry .
it have bad language in it and a bad theme to it .
if you take a book off the shelf what is the older person going to read .
studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line .
out of all of the stuff in the world someone is going to find something offensive to them or other people .
three have been other cases in which girls have sent a nude pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and other people soul it .
why try to block out negative things when there all around you .
as i walked in the door i looked at the computer it was still in use .
the geese always come back when the seasons change .
i was nervous because wed never done <time> before .
i am <num> years old and i go to a <organization> in <location> called <organization> .
i flopped hard on my bed and then eventually fell asleep .
many people world complain about it .
if your sitting in front of a computer all day your body is going to shut down and wont get the proper exercise .
which makes it more entertaining than a book .
for many students it is hard to compose essays in a public schools library .
this law made it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
so go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something .
just look what happened in <location> .
my second reason why computers are a good thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people .
we have been going out for four years now .
<caps> a paper is so much faster than writing <caps> by hand .
they have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games .
when you think of <caps> .
i rarely have patience i cant wait more than around ten minutes for something .
<caps> calls again and <caps> its clear .
i am getting a <caps> from my dad for my birthday .
students <month> contact teachers through email if they have a question about an assignment .
my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family .
she had just gotten her <caps> touch and she wanted to put music on it .
for example the heat was a major issue the cyclist had to face .
in the story the cyclist is riding a bike for miles .
at the <caps> office i was waiting in the room for her to come back .
you were infinitely beautiful in my eyes .
my mom was the happiest of us all to get out of <location> for a weekend .
books and magazines are not as well protected although they should be .
we had o walk all the way across the school to get them .
computers are becoming a household item in the <location> and around the world .
one reason why i think there should be censorship is because of minors that <month> want to see things that <month> not be suitable for them .
this is called censorship .
and thats why i think the author ended with that paragraph .
every time he believes there is a town he gets happy but his dreams are soon crushed .
a computer is a tool that is a good feature for any home .
that is why computers are so helpful and people just love them .
i reminded him that once we got to <organization> we would go on all the rides that we want .
i have seen a countless number of movies and listen to a countless number of songs that were offensive .
lastly laws prevented flight so close to the ground .
i think people should have more ideas .
experts even say how computers change the way they act at home and in the public .
then the day they arrived we then got nervous except <person> .
i probably killed the truck about <num> times before the tires actually went at a constant speed that they should be going at .
laughter lightens mood and makes you feel more happy .
and i did not understand a part .
the last problem was a safety problem .
they just sit their on the computer and do nothing while on the other hand they could be outside .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
the mooring mast never became a reality because of these obstacles .
the builders faced many problems trying to allow the dirigibles to dock .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
now he understood the fact that love is never dependent on time .
find something more common towards your own interest .
there was a little store in town and the creek went right behind it .
<caps> that he love them anyways even if it is good or bad .
computers teach us new things .
he knew he had to be patient .
one day on my birthday <date> i was over my dads house .
the other problem the builders faced was safety .
computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face .
i was also patient when my little brother .
thank you for your time .
if you were to just hear those for the first time being yelled at you there is a chance you would have a break down or be ineffective for work .
one day i will teach someone to be patience to me and i will be happy to do that .
since his nickname is <caps> <caps> you can only guess <caps> he asked us next .
here are the ways he creates it .
however after five minutes of sitting alone in my apparel construction class two girls walked in and sat at my table .
he had problems with thirst already and had to deal with a snake that really did look like a diamondback .
the only time he goes on it now is rainy days .
all this cyclist could hope for was the blessing of a water refill and the shade of a puffy cloud .
the author created a mood of warmth and happiness .
because of it he misses at least <num> day of school a week .
the memoirs mood is the love of the authors parents to him .
computers are always being used for several things .
i think its not the people to not get distracted on the computer because it just has so many interesting features .
the kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades .
i am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
another problem was the wind .
finally <caps> was at the smallest one .
two weeks later on a weekend he was out messing around and the car slid off the road and rolled a few times and buckled the roof .
we develop through our teachings and grow through our surroundings .
during the <date> of the sixth grade <caps> parents decided they were getting a divorce .
it was night time and all of a sudden wire from my braces popped out of place .
another reason they realized after was that it was too dangerous for the dirigible to land there due to the high swirling winds .
this is my take on the whole situation .
one time when i was patient was when i went to camp .
computers are made it do all <caps> to help us learn .
i had to wait <num> hours till we got to camp .
i went up there and started hoping around like and idiot .
i <caps> you see the computer the way i do .
the authors origin makes the reader curious because they want to know more about the author .
everyone was making eye contact with me .
one time was when i had to use the phone but my mom was on it .
and to that i agree entirely .
though he just rubbed it back onto mine .
with a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture .
that is the boys mood in the story .
another thing is children taken books off shelves .
i <caps> spend an entire evening at a family party on these computer .
the voice did a count down form ten <organization> the yelled blast off <organization> the ride took of at high speeds .
then <caps> said do you want to come to my place and have diner and he said yes .
you probably used a computer .
well when you choose a book you can choose the most recent one or the one back from the old days .
this quote shows how much he loves them .
just cause there is some kind of material they find offensive does not mean that everyone does to .
after hours of riding amazing rides .
although he was still upset about my grades it was all better .
but everyone on <location> should be patient .
my second reason for patience being important is without it people would complaint everyday because you use patience everyday .
i ran to tell my dad .
i believe that laughing is enjoyable for everyone it can make you feel better no matter what and some people even say that laughing makes you younger .
that thing cost to much money to get lost or broken .
the one against computers or the one for computers .
computers are not all fun and games they help with other things as well .
therefore it would be illegal for a dirigible to get close enough to dock .
i just played that until i got bored of it then i read some wired adult magazine .
there was all so an existing law against these air ships .
the best part is that it was my birthday .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the idea of the mooring mast was an interesting and had it been realized dirigibles may have become significantly more popular .
the builders of the empire state building were faced with multiple obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
so computers have a big effect on how these people live their lives .
yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount .
there is a thing called <caps> or <organization> .
to me this is an image of selling sex .
that day he showed up with a fluffy stuffed animal .
every school is different .
she was calmly telling me it was okay and helping me move along .
i have to look at it .
he is always the person that can make me laugh and forget about all of my worries .
i got this feeling because his parents did hard jobs because they loved their kids .
i started to laugh and knew i had an issue .
we started brainstorming .
i think we should have it because it would make sure the kids wont look at them .
<caps> calls his parents actions of coming to <location> courageous .
<caps> wipes the sweat from her eyes to make sure its not a mirage and then <caps> sees it the abandoned factory .
his gratitude is being showed towards his parents .
we are also making ourselves ignorant this way .
it is all a part of growing up .
i landed with a big screaming sound .
i laughed so hard i feel over because the look on his face while smiling when he was throwing up .
all requires patience .
over the year the flower goes through phases dying then rebirth .
when you get a virus it sucks you cant do anything or you cant look anything up for school .
he is also thankful for his parents love and sacrifice .
that is just what i thank .
i always have a great time and now i wait patiently for next year .
my dad and mom both had good jobs but they never had money to do anything because my mom loved spending money and got them both into dept .
i have used patience in my life when i got my first horse .
no person can tell them its wrong just because they thinks its offensive or wrong .
i kept silently crying but i knew i had to be patient while my mom went to look for bandages .
a will be ran by a woman .
you can find info about there future person they can look up there .
they can put a warning label on the book or movie to inform people that that particular item is considered offensive .
the kids might get it but the parents could take it away and tell them they cant watch it .
even my two little sisters had a longer patience than <caps> had .
they might not agree on the point of the book or certain viewpoints in the text .
owners can now have businesses all over the world .
the flower was very important to her .
she has made some great songs for the past year and a half now .
on the computer you can get any information about any information about anywhere or anything .
wind was another harsh factor for the construction of the empire state building itself .
some content could be offensive to not just children but also to teenagers and adults .
if people are in a bad mood there is this bad aura or vibe you can just feel it .
some would say yes to this and others would say no .
this is a common scenario .
you can learn about many different cultures .
they had to start over and that is what made him most grateful for his parents .
and what they should know as a young person .
i looked out the window but got bored .
soccer practice friends home and other places if i need to go there .
nobody spends so much time on the computer that they cant go outside or hang out with there friends .
no one has the right to censor anyone else .
<caps> soccer team and i were running sprints to get warmed up for our game today .
that is when i say that you just have to keep walking by and only pay attention to the materials that are for you .
then you decide to go on the computer to get away from your troubles .
when i was ten years old my mom promised me a phone .
he needs a partner .
we were outside this talking to each other .
and i will show you why .
i have use some examples and common sense to show you my point of view on what i think is right or wrong in this situation .
i begin to leave and go up the hill to my house .
with computers you can contact people in different parts of the <caps> .
at the end he finds a store which affects him because he gets a cool drink and same supplies which helped him .
like the time where i met this guy named <person> .
<caps> tripped over the step up and hit his face on the screen door .
to allow dirigibles to anchor at empire state building for several hours a mooring mast had to be added to the top of the building .
so we decided to play our games we brought with us .
this quote shows that the hibiscus was the reason for her determination .
a good thing that would keep little kids in the right section would be to color it with a lot of bright colors that will attract their attention .
the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
all i do now is just smile and laugh .
many books in this section <month> include works that have a dark or graphic theme with subjects that are inappropriate for younger children .
he was beginning to lose hope .
thats how big of an impact <caps> has had .
my siblings are also patient and wait for the school year to end .
laughing lets people know that you have a good sense of humor and that you like to have fun and let loose .
that is why computers are not useful .
many things can affect the cyclist .
my brother kicked the ball in the air and did a scissors kick .
safety was the greatest obstacle .
but movies show you how bad things are shown .
that way there would be no problems .
there were many features that affected the cyclist .
also the feel of his home reflected on the mood .
the name made <caps> want to gag .
the old men said he would see a town but what he really saw was a sort of ruined ghost town .
no one should take something off the shelf if it is offensive because it was their choose to look at it in the first place .
the constructors also had to worry about if it was safe or not and if it was permitted .
with computers you are able to plan your life with <caps> output .
it affects him physically because of the rolling hills he has to trudge over and the lack of water he has .
computers can help kids that are in school who want to learn new things .
expressing what you think about a certain topic .
all you have to do is stay away from what ever it is that is bothering you .
libraries should remove certain materials from the shelves .
well you could by chatting with them on the computer .
i really liked the adventure books such a the boxcar children and books like that .
<caps> in those extreme cases most adults can the read .
the library is a very important part to ones community .
this helped in my future .
you pick up what you want to read and make the choice on your own .
being patient is hard for some people but easy for others .
one of the obstacles were the structure of the building .
and then i went home .
it turned out better than i thought .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist since it is affecting her condition .
it took him around <num> minutes because he needed help with a lot of thing .
i think this because all forms of literature offer a great opportunity to learn .
laughter is indeed an important part of anyones day .
i was hungry then i was being patient that whole time <caps> .
<caps> not their choice though .
alter playing computer games more and more the time it takes for you to react to the game you are playing and hit the mouse button is very important .
we have to think for our children and the people that come in form different countries when it comes to public libraries .
in fact should add more .
thats a reason how to look up things it is easier to look up things instead of looking it up the most way .
trying to build a mooring mast was not a good idea .
cause any body says something is offense .
there is a lot of material in libraries that should be censored from children .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful and fortunate .
they get addicted to that watching .
<caps> one reason why i believe that should stay on the shelves .
then he passed a snake and had the obstacles of the hills which made him become determined .
i know this is expressed because it tells you right in the text .
be in-touch with far-away relatives .
i believe that people should enjoy nature more than computes .
often people laugh when they <caps> embarrassed or offended .
although they is struggling but they are have happiness .
we paid our bill left no tip and left .
it shows her getting used to the new home
i wanted to eat right then .
<caps> says <caps> is very entertaining but is not brain damaging .
computers could also help us with our every day life .
we were all asleep within seconds .
i was tired and ready to go home by then .
every night now <person> cried hoping her mom would come .
he used several books to get information on the topic and i used the computer .
next the author installed a sense of warmth .
laughter brings hope in times of doubt <caps> never fails to make someone smile .
the mood is also sad .
one of the greatest obstacle was one of safety .
this made it illegal for airships to tie up to the building or even come close to the area .
people connect with each other through the computer .
the setting of this story takes place with a man biking and then taking advice from old timers to a faster route .
here is a story of someone i know who is tolerant .
by the time i got home i was going to be late .
after an hour of searching i decided on one .
architects soon realized that the mooring mast would add stress to the buildings frame work and cost <money> in modifications .
therefore the author begins and ends with the same subject .
it creates a bond that makes you feel a little more comfortable and secure .
soon after eating we started playing hide and seek in the orchard .
there were many obstacles that builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there one obstacle was the wind .
also they have the ability learn more on the computer .
removing a book from a library would be done through ones opinion .
the people who make the censorship laws should be pleased that young people actually want to read .
libraries should have a rating system like movies do .
it would be illegal for a dirigible to fly near enough to the building to moor to it .
also he had to keep dehydrate .
what is wrong to some people <month> be right to others .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
that would make things more clear .
we laughed at the same things and found hilarity at each others comments .
i think somethings should not be on the shelves of a library because some books can be found very offensive to some people .
i hang out a lot at her at her house and we share so many great and fun memories .
known as one of the greatest obstacles attempting to use the mooring mast was through nature .
i peered over the edge and saw a little path .
my creative gears are forever turning .
but she is not the only one to lose her vision because of computers .
maxim has the <caps> <num> a bunch of <caps> laying around in clothes that barely cover them .
when someone is down in the dumps making them simply laugh can make everything better laughter is like medicine in makes you feel better when nothing else can .
the builders were not able to overcome the obstacles of the severe winds and laws .
they allow people to easily stay informed on world news .
this meant that a dirigible could not legally approach the mast .
there were three main reasons as to why the empire state building would not serve well as a mooring mast for the dirigibles .
i think its happy that he can express his feelings to us the reader .
i had to wait in line for food to there was a lot of people in line there .
one person tries to make tomorrow a better place but the next tries to demoralize it .
she was running down the aisles and tripping over her own feet .
<caps> was suppose to <caps> over to his house .
we walk up to the ticket booth to see if we could come back tomorrow with the same wrist bands if it starts raining .
some people have family in other countries that they have not seen in a long time and with a computer you can talk to them .
we all just stay hidden down in the bushes while the cop takes our huge roll of wrap .
the last obstacle was the lack of landing area for these enormous balloons .
i think think the <caps> better can your health .
the cold weather is an obstacle for them .
i think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info .
the van rolled up to the hotel parking lot .
it is a very horrible thing to learn .
it had also made the cyclist have less energy .
a single cable tether to the blimp would not help the stress .
after all of that was done i went home and went to bed .
you can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country .
knowing <location> as well as i do also comes with a downside .
everything is good if its balanced .
the builders of the empire state building faced problems to allow dirigibles to dock there .
these are some really good effects that computers have on people .
computers are sure to be our future .
there are many ways libraries can prevent children or other people not mature enough to view the offensive material from seeing it .
laughter is all around .
not many like going out and enjoying nature .
further more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any else that is entertaining .
the builder of the empire state building faced many significant challenges to allow the dirigibles to dock there .
keep us sheltered is not going to protect us it only makes us want <caps> ever we cant have even more .
i think that was completely handled the wrong way .
deciding whose responsibility that is can be a difficult task .
having a more positive day and going out and saying i read <organization> wonderful book that taught me something new in life would be the best thing to hear .
without patience a person can be very easily broken .
this story a story about when i broke my ankle .
the mood was also giving .
<caps> <caps> went and looked at the end of the line .
by that time i was ready to mess with my sister who was sleeping .
this was a huge problem the architects and over <money> worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
it gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling about the cooking and music and family and i can relate to that .
i think i gained a little more patience that day .
books need to stay put in the libraries that they are in
also how there was always music that was like an endless celebration .
for example as he keeps making his journey he is affected by the old towns and desert places he even says that the sight was troubling .
i was patient to get off .
i think that books or magazines or movies with <caps> content should be removed from libraries if they see it fit .
part of what makes <location> so great is the freedom that come with living here .
so we waited and waited and finally we were up next .
a water fall about as tall as a man .
about <percent> of <caps> are overweight or obese .
for they are very important .
studies have shown laughing does a lot for your health .
with out the lead weights the dirigible would simply swivel in the air with a possibility of puncturing its shell .
i just cant do this long distance thing anymore said <person> .
in conclusion libraries need to watch whats being checked out no matter who its from and i .
which made the builders procedure illegal .
finally the hills caused him to exact more energy furthermore making him more and more dehydrated .
in my opinion i agree with computers benefiting society .
and i know other people like to do that too .
shown throughout the memoir that he is happy about the choice that his parents had to make for him .
<caps> told us all kinds of crazy stories about when he was a boy .
my opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out .
one huge factor in danger was the violent winds at that elevation .
false statement or inaccurate statements in books can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy .
patient <caps> a very important trait that could lead to it own rewards .
to conclude there is very little reason to ban a book from the shelves .
i said in my eyes thats the perfect body .
<caps> were trying to find you all day <caps> her father .
the possible dangers of having something fall on them .
this made it illegal for a ship to even tie up to the building .
thats how something went wrong .
another problem that the builders faced was safety .
computer can also be helpful at time when needed for school or you job .
laughing here and laughing there .
then there would be no more author and more actors and actress .
the obstacles that stood before the empire state buildings mast were to great to optimistically believe the project could be finished .
so <person> and i went in the line .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles .
i was more than happy <caps> oblige seeing as i love hiking .
another obstacle was the dirigibles were moored in open field and they were weighted down in the back .
that means certified nursing assistant .
it is all about the construction .
sitting on my bed <caps> seemed like nothing was worse in the world .
having laughter in your life is a big part in showing who you really are .
he say that his mom is so helping and opening to family members in need .
thats always a fun place to be .
i think it good to have computers because when your younger and no more friends you <month> have been really to them but you with them .
she walked by <caps> say i did a great job but something triggered her to come back .
this is the third reason on why computers have an huge effect on people .
i found some duct tape <caps> the <person> could tape the sleeping bag to the floor .
the computer has a lot of fun games that you can play .
this shows you how happy he was .
it was a few days after the tragic happening of <num> .
my second quote is my parents always kept their arms and their doors open to the many people we considered family .
i had to be even more patient to even see the clothes on her .
another obstacle the builders faced was safety .
the boys got their pizza now and they just went back to the apartment .
that they had to sort out .
not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed .
<person> would exercise everyday after work for two hours .
my sister was turning <num> years old .
the terrain charge also affects the cyclist because it causes him to have to work ever harder to get up hills now rather than just ride flat terrain .
hydrogen is very flammable and if the ship exploded many civilians and passengers would be killed .
i personally use these websites weekly .
many people just simply take the ideas of others the wrong way .
my mom always tells me the best part of your childhood is making memories with the people you love .
we were having a great time .
each person should be able to make a decision depending on what they believe .
until i found a job at a ice cream factory .
it was too much of a safety hazard and gamble to more a dirigible with winds not cooperating .
students do research in libraries for research projects and essays .
i wait for <caps> to come .
ultimately consumes all free time .
i will tell you a popular virtue story to explain patience .
nature would bring up many challenges for the builders to have to work around .
we should not have the right to take anything off of a shelf .
computers help find and get new <caps> .
i find them very fascinating and i love to see what my life could be like <date> if the outcomes of those <caps> would have been different .
but its not our say and we just have to face the fact thats the way it should be
hearing her daughter tell her how much it is .
so many people have them because their helpful and another current learning resource .
computers can make people from faraway places learn about the culture and ways of another persons lifestyle .
the guy decided he would just drive home because he was not very drunk .
there were natural reasons and mechanical reasons .
so i asked my mom <caps> i can go to <location> she said yes .
thats <caps> we began to laugh and then i started making even more unusual noises .
i will be out of shape and weaker once my match or next game come along .
computers are becoming more and more popular .
the road was fine at first and than he get a while down the had and it really started getting rough and hard to ride on .
the cyclist was affected by the directions of the old man .
in the library i have noticed that there are a few literature materials that are not suitable for a younger age group .
it can stand for more things such as drugs .
removing items from shelves removes history .
then i fall again coach take me out .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
i think the censoring is helping to keep our youth from taking the words and actions and using them in there daily lives .
<caps> said out of breath .
after a long day i went home took a big nap .
go experience nature .
a sloppy writer can use the computer to make his or her paper neat .
well its going to be exposed sooner or later .
so the car starts turning the corner and me and <organization> start fake fighting .
love and sacrifice is the mood throughout the memoir that the author created .
talk to the librarian and state your case about what is going on .
censorship should be only for the youth as an adult you are open to everything .
this information that people need to know because thats how people were treated back then and some stuff like that still occurs today .
censoring books for children does not mean removal of said book though .
now they are used for advertising but not many people know that they were once thought of as transportation .
a computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime .
so i just tried not to think about it .
it seems you cannot always make everyone happy .
so we cant blame that .
music is also one of the important thing that is carried in any school library or any public library .
all the descriptions of his family cooking and family neighbors eating together is enough to make anyone feel happy .
a simple laugh can make the worst day a little alright .
were done with the house <caps> the car has yet to be washed she answered .
she vows in the spring and when the hibiscus is budding she will take the test again .
that sentence indicates how much he loved his parents for doing that .
i think it is a good idea to leave the material on the library shelves and caution library users to read at their own risk .
a very expensive problem to fix .
on our first game we had practice right before we left for our very first performance .
in the end computers are a necessary item in a business .
there are children that look at anything they want or what they think looks interesting .
i smiled at them gently .
the last obstacle was the fact that there was a law against aircraft flying too low over urban areas .
theres less time to exercise enjoy nature and interact with family and friends .
concluding the stay with a bit about the geese conveys to the reader that she is slowly but surely learning how to adapt to her strange new home .
the dirigibles would then be dangling high above pedestrians in the street .
people can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them .
i had to go to the bathroom .
computers is a little device that can almost let you do anything on it .
a day without laughing is a waste of a day .
you can also learn about different people and places .
it was a calm day at school .
lack of exercise is brought up countless times in society .
when i was young i would go over to there house in the morning and grandpa would have recorded my favorite show <caps> the <caps> .
this was because it was very ironic were he was .
at the time there were also <caps> forbidding aircrafts from traveling too low over urban areas and the landing dock was too low .
we want them to be apart of our big events .
the first and most dominant mood is a sense of family or friendship .
even laughing at yourself can be a good way of coping with your problems .
some people still say its not enough .
when we went to cedar point there was a long line when we got to the front of the line the machine broke .
the second reason i think that computers have a positive affect on society is because it has lots of fun games and music .
i wish i could be patience everyday but cant do that .
the ability to learn about foreign countries is a big part in learning as a student .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very positive .
those are several examples of what builders of the empire state building had to face .
i told him sorry as i turned bright red .
finally after she went to eight other people she came and helped me .
i myself have learned <caps> to become a successful <caps> novel <caps> from the <caps> i took out of a <caps> <caps> <caps> for <caps> .
this is bad because he could become dehydrated .
the journey of a solo cyclist is a lonely one .
young children most of the time are not even interested in going to those kinds of books anyway .
<caps> even if everything was set up correctly they would be breaking the law flying there dirigibles <caps> close to the city .
they had know that if they needed help they would do the same .
so i had to be patient and wait for the weekend to come .
i tripped on a branch .
that is why i do not think magazines should be taken out of libraries .
of stuff it sucks people in but some cant get out .
or they contain degrading scenes that no one should have to read .
the <caps> violates the separation of church and state .
the idea for such a masterpiece of a building held a number of potential problems that its architects not very competitive .
she too can make it through the cold months .
my life is all about laughter and its special to me .
the people start yelling because they did not find it offending .
also in <caps> <num> it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
he also talks about how he and most people are grateful for family and friends .
he recalls the many people his mother and father help .
by the late 1930s the mooring mast plan disappeared .
sometimes a lot of people can got inpatient about something and become mean .
exercise is a key part of staying healthy .
also it takes you away from what life has to offer .
but people sometime can take it to far and do sometimes burn it to the ground .
you would just sit there looking at the computer all day .
but my friends were much different .
a friend of mine just graduated from college and she was struggling on trying to find a job that she studied in .
i am not one to deny anyone their rights .
i also had to be patient to hold her .
this makes me think of drama .
i trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people .
as we swam i felt something touching my foot .
he came made with a huge grin on his face .
thats a time i should patience .
i would rather watch a funny movie then a kid movie .
he will abuse of you or kill you .
seeing the hibiscus allows her to find comfort .
high profile documents such as the constitution should be held in high security areas .
<caps> only <caps> had waited .
they are on the computers when they should be exercising .
and last they help at school or work .
everybody has had a book that they thought was offensive but then the next person read it and they might think it is funny .
by the late 1930s the idea had quietly disappeared .
<person> answered it and heard <caps> on the end .
after we got off the plane we had to go to customs .
but as of right now i do not think they should remove items off shelves at libraries
i remember when i was working on a project about <location> .
i think the mood created in this story is love .
i decided that i need a time out so i sat up and took long breaths .
the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
another way aspect that the computer provides is world news and big events and drama that is happening in our society .
because she saying when the <caps> grow back she will be <caps> to take the test again .
if it got a hole in it then it would catch on fire .
every book represents some aspect of human life and records it for future generations to avoid previous mistakes .
many people these days have become so caught up in their lives and sometimes forget to take a moment and just laugh .
one of his moods is that he is happy .
laughter is wonderful .
after that day it was no longer a difficult process for him .
now you can talk and see a person in video chat .
<person> was in my <caps> two class the year before and i thought that i would say hi to him .
its neighbor surround you and treat you with respect like a family .
books with a lot of cursing can be offensive to religions groups who are forbidden to curse or read curse words .
i was still able to keep <caps> off my mind .
laughter has <caps> boundary .
we should be able to communicate to our friends and family <num> out of <num> people in our school think having a computer is good .
and thats a time when i was patient .
the hibiscus also symbolize her because it has faced adversity also .
this family cannot afford this computers but they think that they need one .
it was that bad of a indecent that she gets up set that it wont go away but it still gives every one else a laugh .
less time on computers would also time outdoors .
that is the mood i think the author is trying to set
something about the story has a very happy feel to it .
the next <num> days my mom and dad was talking about going to the movies and out to dinner .
the second thing is that the schools is going to keep the books on the shelves and the students are going to want to read them more .
we looked at each other and then began to laugh hysterically .
down the road the setting started to change from flat land to hills .
we met back at our room with our goods .
people believe that using the computer is a waste of time .
computers are even used as a news resource .
on my birthday the whole <caps> gets together at my grandparents house to celebrate the day i was brought into this world .
you need to have good hand-eye coordination in order to play these games .
one time i wanted to go on the web and look to see <caps> there was a in <location> .
another obstacle was safety .
you can also meet new people from different countries and become their .
that does not mean that the item should be removed completely though .
it was a really fun day .
somethings you just have to let go and roll off your body .
what would we do without them .
i have been patient many times .
he wants to be alive .
right now people would rather be on the computer then doing other stuff .
builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting durables be able to dock there .
for all these reasons the mooring mast was doomed from the start .
a patient person experiences difficulties without complaining .
and when me and my brother both had to use the bath room i let him go first even though i was first in line .
my older sister and i had been playing all day with my other neighbors that were around our age .
now a day its not like that for a lot <organization> people .
half of <location> uses computer for jobs for money just like my family .
thanks for reading them and have a nice day .
at the time most of the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen which was highly flammable .
its not to be offensive to anyone and that company has the <caps> of write to publish such a thing .
also in the <caps> a boy challenges his <caps> society because they too censored certain things .
i was putting myself between <person> and her so that they would stop fighting so much .
this day is usually a time to kick back .
all different types of relationships need some form of humor to survive .
i fell but while i was falling some how i kicked the soccer ball and it hit the wall and it came back to hit me in the face .
<caps> then something did happened .
she replied by giving me her name .
he really admired and cared for his parents .
laughter is the best medicine for a friend in pain .
this means the roof and the top floors would need to be converted to accommodate passengers and travel operations .
my mom to i her body to be waited of just target about the boy .
and they all went home .
the reason the author was inspired was because of the flower .
there was also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
it is how they express themselves .
were very different from each other though .
one last thing local newspaper is that many kids and children and parents need to have more time .
that is the mood the author gives off in the memoir .
kids them even teens and adults love .
being patient is one of the many things children are taught while growing .
they have censored books in the libraries just sitting there like its a book about <caps> or something .
i was getting pretty discouraged .
there is concern about how much paper we lose every year .
children that have read books or watched inappropriate media can sometimes change how they are like .
exercise is highly stressed by doctors around the globe and the only exercise a computer addict will be doing is typing up a storm .
the obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building were severe .
patience is probably one of the hardest things to do in the world .
eight out of ten <caps> surveyed by the national nature <caps> admit to not going outside on sunny days but instead play on the computer .
when you are patient you are come and without complaining .
the setting of the road affected the cyclist in many different ways .
he is also effected by the things that come with the change in terrain .
computers benefit us by easy aces to info .
this is what i learned about making friends .
i had never been there it was exciting and a new food experience for me .
songs are a whole other subject .
he had to leave and go back to <location> .
the cost of the modifications was over sixty thousand dollars .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in the making of the mast .
last year on my birthday my uncle <caps> promised me a phone but i had to wait for him to get the money .
one of the best parts of the hike is when we see the dead-end section of trail that my family helped construct three years ago .
the computer helps many different people in many different ways .
also people can hack your computer and you cant find out about and every thing that was on your computer can go around the world .
boy was <person> a goof .
on the website you can talk with anyone on your friends list .
another problem was nature itself .
if someone at the age of nine can check out a <caps> .
you get helping other people and being around people you love and who love you .
this is a story about a vampire named <caps> who goes to a regular middle school .
out of curiosity of what just happened i start walking over towards the tall grass .
so he was jumping in front of those people going further and further every time .
libraries should censor some of the materials that they have available to the public .
libraries have rated <caps> movies .
like i said be what was <caps> friend .
because many people even young children can learn and they will end up remembering the things that they learn .
without computers students would have it a lot worse .
their business would fall .
i think if people find books offensive they should not even read that book to begin with .
they are websites on the computer .
books are meant to entertain readers in a good way and not teach them to become a violent person .
another way is go on a website where you can pen-pal someone from a different place in the world .
it <month> not be the best choice because movies rated <caps> let the audience know its for a mature audience over the age of <num> .
computers teach you hand-eye coordination .
if you are going on a trip i would want to know about that place to see what i need .
every morning i have to take the bus to school .
she was like a second mother to me for several reasons .
i would want to love someone who is very funny with a great sense of humor .
almost like the anger just vanished .
but if i go to the instant message website then i can talk to her as much as i want .
its good because everybody is happy .
the most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information .
my mother tried to catch up with them while i locked the car from the inside .
also keep out of kids reach .
for example when i was learning a new skill on the bars called a cast to hand stand it was difficult .
the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
on his new computer <person> can do all his projects and homework on <caps> .
censorship is required for every library and i think that all the libraries around do meet their requirements .
so people that are on have a reason for why they are on the computer .
then i have also seen accounts where people have been changed in a good way because of a book .
we just need to find it again .
at full speed i ran head first into the door and fell backwards onto the sidewalk .
and how a house can become a home and how important family and friends relationships are
he can light up any situation with his adorable laugh .
he opened the door just a crack and peered into the room .
cries of mothers children whom they from .
she got out of the car dashed into the studio .
well singers and writers have found out that pieces containing these topics have sold the most copies .
books are part of history no book should be censored .
another part of the setting would be the obvious element of temperature .
i was so tired from doing everything that after i was done unpacking my room i went and took a nape on my bed .
all i could do before i looked like a scared kitten was smile and nod .
i told my dad if he could drop me off my friends house and then he could live to his work .
the line slowly scooted forth .
and by hitting the key you want you are learning this .
it is bad to do drugs because it can ruin you whole career in high school and maybe in college .
you would halfway have to wait for a mechanic or run for miles to get to a phone .
these help inspire people .
he sweat to much to the point that he lost an enormous amount of bodily fluids .
kids pay attention to detail really well and something so negative could change the mindset of the child .
those who laugh frequently end up having an overall better life .
it was just a few years ago when the most traumatic event happened to me .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love .
practice <caps> you <caps> the <location> is considered one of the greatest countries in the world because it is a free country .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
computers are good and everyone should have one .
typing on the computer is a lot different from talking in person .
there just a lot of thing you can do on a computer .
then we went to the movies and we waited in line and <person> was being impatient <caps> we had him save our spot .
its like having a book with everything you will every need or want to know .
and this story is true .
again i thought it was a bunch of bull .
these things created the happy and thankful mood
some people have even removed the <caps> from local library systems .
my coach loves to make us do the dance one time by ourselves .
when the workers figured that out they gave up .
then it would make everybody fit and health if they try .
computers have multiplied our man power giving us more organized way to store date .
as grandma was leaving my brother and i sat on moms lap and gave her a big hug and said i love you <caps> .
they all want to live a life sometime and act like they are adults .
some of them take awhile to explain to and i must use patience in order to help them .
or even just for fun or to learn something new that you never knew before .
people wont remember how to talk .
<caps> smiles and decides not to follow .
some accidents people can decide whether to take it one way or the other .
this is due to the high winds the airship would be swinging around and could break off .
but love branched out into gratitude and hospitality .
even if the joke was funny .
it could even locate a wounded soldier .
i loved to arrive at the familiar classroom and see everyone who made my days brighter .
sometimes when parents try to pull their kids closer they actually push them away .
<caps> finally opened her door and brought me upstairs to get the phone .
going up and zipping down the awesome get scary <caps> .
so she is not being pressured into taking it .
if the book is based on true events nothing should be censored .
so she will always be stuck with the problem but you can be patience and she will <caps> .
at one point in my life i felt confused and by myself .
safety is a major factor when constructing .
the same goes for any form of media .
and as time goes on it can only get worse .
another stumping factor was the weather at such high altitudes .
the builders also had a problem with the wind because .
it was here where i learned the real definition of family .
a huge smile washes over <caps> face as i say yes .
computers is what we use to live we need them to survive .
i use the computer <caps> <caps> <caps> of .
so over all i think i was very patient yesterday .
the books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn <caps> to do things .
we were having a blast playing my favorite sport and making jokes .
hes taking all the day taking out his wallet and talking to much .
is a moment that is remember by many people .
think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites .
they love all their friends and family and celebrate with then no matter what .
i guess my sister is like me because she did the same .
i know some people who do that like its not cool if company comes over get off the computer .
over the years i learned about patience .
everyone piled back on the bus and called our parents to let them know we were coming home .
those are three moods that were created by the author in the memoir
i have known her since we were both in the fifth grade and in the same class .
when the others came to find us we jumped out and scared them .
taking time away from the computer is a smart idea .
then finally i was playing every note .
i can see how this would be very beneficial to traveling business men who might need a room for the night .
i had been there a lot that <date> and i was pretty familiar with their selection so i was looking for something new .
to get the job done that has a long process you might have to wait for an example i have to have <caps> all the time .
i was hoping not to disappoint .
the builders of the <organization> many obstacles .
many people use websites to check the emails .
one obstacle that the builders had to face was when they were building the mooring mast to hold the dirigibles .
the deer heard the arrow launch and ran .
my friend name is <caps> <caps> .
how would the author ever achieve his or her goal if we decided to remove their hard work from the library shelves .
most people rather stay on the computer than spend time working out .
i laughed at how much of a blond moment i had just had .
computers are essential to these people .
the hills also affect him because it is hard to peddle up hills .
there is no way to describe the connection and how it can build a relationship .
you will do just about anything to try to with stand the heat .
just about everyone has one .
the use of computers is great for everyone .
all this time with this fun could be spent doing studying or something to help you out in the future .
thats obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock .
this helps a great deal .
people should not have the complete say in the removal of books .
this is when the most laughter of the whole <time> came .
computers offer of games for <organization> to play .
the parents do nothing because they do not care about their own child .
one day her time will come for her to bloom .
i you cant get if then you will be forced to get it by stealing .
they told me that i needed to be cheered up .
the winds on top of the building is always changing .
children do not need to be around those kinds of books .
<caps> convinced me to go sit back in the corner of the room with her .
like for example some kids could love to read scary and gory books and others could like to read books about sports or love stories .
they are reasons why i think the author put that conclude with the paragraph .
so he told me that he is interested in playing guitar for a long time and he wants to join a band .
my parents came to pick us up in what my dad called an <caps> that looked like an ordinary school bus .
so leave everything on the shelves .
the mood of the memoir was heart-warming .
in fact computers help us out a lot .
notice that <caps> have a right to free speech and not a right to free speech so long as no one is offended .
something as simple as driving a car doing the dishes is made easier thanks to the improvement in hand-eye coordination computers bring .
they can by tickets .
the cyclist became irritated with himself for trusting someone else to give him directions for a shortcut .
get with the program computers are in .
the sun came out the next day and everyone logged onto their emails with a sigh of relief .
for example my <caps> teacher asks our class to write a lot of essays or letters .
i really need the grade to pass .
next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things .
the inspirational stories in books have inspired millions to achieve more then they thought possible .
my friends were all i had known through my years in elementary school and i was no where near ready to say goodbye to them .
now that their family together they can spend the rest of there life happy together
computers are killing us as a nation .
in the last sentence of the memoir it says i will never forget how my parents turned a simple house while home .
the thing about laughter in life is that you would need eat ether way your upset or not in the mood .
she intends to retake the drivers test .
my <caps> was and still is a huge part of my life .
so then they asked if he shaved his legs because he was a swimmer .
eventually libraries will have nothing left .
the lack of exercise is increasing fast .
one feature included the first ghost town that he come by .
experts also believe that by spending time on the computer it is tacking away time from you being able to interacting with family members and friends .
using these tools cut down an stress and leaves you less frustrated .
every day people i know go home and jump on <caps> for the rest of the day .
some can get obese and mess with your love life .
computers put a positive effect of people .
clearly the geese and hibiscus remind her of home .
i fell to the floor laughing my head off .
these issues above are serious health problems if not treated .
<person> rushed into the bathroom to look into the mirror .
why is that good well my point of view is that business need that to order their stocks for store carriers and more .
thats why the author put that last paragraph to show that life lives on .
we all started laughing once again .
they will one day take over .
he also states that he loves his house in paragraph <num> .
studies say by each upcoming generation the communication skills are decreasing by <percent> .
laughter connected my friendship many other times .
it saw what courage it took for his parents to turn the simple house they once had into a home for him .
that is the second reason why i think computers are good for people .
we were bored so we all went to the track and we decided to run a mile .
but to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination .
so they should set up an adult section in the library where you have to be <num> or older to enter and a identification card to prove it .
the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges with dirigibles .
i think it depends on how offensive the material actually is .
said <caps> as he ran around me .
movies apply to the same rights and topics .
one of the reasons f think computers have a bad effect on people is addictions .
then the boy who keeps shaking his knee up an down .
the snows melting and hibiscus bidding are both symbolizing new life .
even though thats possible there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
it pulled up to a plaza packed with people .
we found this out when our teacher announced it to the whole class .
one of the major obstacles was the stress to the buildings frame .
com and purchase their tickets .
computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society .
for example my mom runs <num> miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer .
there was also a law prohibiting airships flying too low over urban areas .
not one you would want to live in i suppose .
my second reason why computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about the different states and countries .
when we arrived my mom said we will stay here for the night .
some of these things cause conflict .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
the idea of dirigible was given away to airplanes .
i told my dad maybe we should do this another day .
and then we have no books left for any of us .
if so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside .
i went to my sixth period and was wondering if she was actually going to switch out like she said or not .
the first reason i thing that libraries should be censored is because of the children that go there .
they help you keep in touch with friends and save you money .
we both thought that <person> and <person> were never hanging out with us .
libraries have all kinds of amazing different books .
we all have had times when some thing happened and you just thought of it as a nuisance .
the <caps> problem was the issue of safety .
every store should have their own certain things and what you find offensive other people might like .
ill support them in the following paragraphs .
it took all we had but we finally got the boat out of the water and poured the water out of it and the water out of me .
if you already notice .
the plans for the empire state building had not intended a mooring mast to be dropped on the roof of the building .
these are some examples of the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in allowing dirigibles docking there .
that shows the fall of man .
my dad being a lot bigger than us kids would always hide in the shower or behind doors .
we took a bas it took seven <caps> .
you can play games with people .
spend time with them and watch movies or any sports channels .
the mood created by the author is gratefulness .
after chasing him for hours he finally stops and looks at me waiting to run again .
the <person> family has always been complicated .
this shows the emotions the author felt growing up .
the setting affected the cyclist in several ways .
<caps> was too late .
<caps> mowed the lawn with excitement .
they would want to learn about places before ever go .
magazines inform us on what new and interesting .
<person> paints a picture of a home filled with love .
i just start laughing from that day on .
<caps> i agree that that would be fun .
people should be shown respect and allowed to have some privacy in there life .
when i was done correcting my work i waited for everyone else to be done as well by reading .
then the arrow hits the deer with a thud and the deer takes off .
that kind of worked .
in some cases morality might not be the issue at all .
most people try not to be overweight .
this is a disgrace to the school .
if faced with these obstacles i would have been affected in the same way .
people take umbrage to certain words and consequently some libraries will remove the book featuring said words from their shelves .
this makes it harder for him because he has to do all his work in a scorching summer heat .
that probably gave the cyclist no hope for surviving of finding anyone to help him reach his destination .
some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else .
he had this amused look on his face like he was looking at some cute little kid .
we would be staying in the florid <caps> .
many people in <location> use the computer to talk to one of their old friends and catch up on things .
the setting affects him and tricks him into believing he is going to die .
air currents which would cause the dirigibles to freely and dangerously sway in the wind .
she accepted the offer .
the more people feel home bond the more they will come .
the third reason that libraries should be censored is that sometimes seeing certain material in a library can be rather offensive .
also there was one boy .
but in general i think its helpful .
computers keep photos saved that can be edited and even just saved to be admired .
it seemed like a perfect area to board in .
that book that has been marked offensive could have been a way for another person to learn about that book and possibly gain something out of it .
one example that describes this is from paragraph <num> .
they talked about the team and he told him that he would be a great asset to the team .
thats not even close to what really happens .
people should be aware of some of the content in books .
<date> came along the second <date> of camp and all of us had almost become friend by just laughing and playing <caps> .
we all piled in the car and headed for the dike .
i love <caps> little brother .
it is great for staying in the loop and reading about things you need to know .
there are other alternations you could make instead of using an computer .
this is <caps> way computers can change your life .
we sat and waited until we finally boarded the plane .
i was laughing like i had never laughed before .
with a computer you could research anywhere you want and make that trip the best days <organization> your life .
there is a law against airships fly too low over urban areas and for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach it was illegal .
another obstacle was safety .
magazine companies put revealing pictures of people on the front cover to catch someones attention .
and every day my mom would say the soar thing .
now that is a big difference .
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everybody else .
sleeping bag and the clothes on your back were the only thing that we were able to get .
when he was driving home he pulled out on a highway at the wrong time .
it would probably be a boring place .
so if not all the books are gone there is still going to be a few books to chose from .
these concepts exist in the world and censoring them will not make them disappear .
and no <caps> their reading .
for the children they have a nice comfy spot for them to pick a book and sit down and read it .
there are many reasons why the author concludes the story with that paragraph .
now we have computers we should use it .
<person> and i look back to see if <person> was behind us and no he was not .
finally it makes you more social .
i was super excited because it was my first doll .
so then you spend <caps> nights in bed tossing and turning .
especially when your dad had been in a huge motorcycle wreck and <caps> had been waiting on him hand and foot the entire visit there .
so why take it out of libraries .
they have the right and freedom to not pay any attention to it .
<organization> mom passed away a few years ago and this sent her into a depressive state .
the builders faced some problems such as weather conditions .
also it tells you about your town .
i liked that which made the rest of the day quite a joy .
it can solve a math problems easily with a built in calculator .
the mood is <caps> in many ways .
they can be amazing for a while but only for a while .
the mood created in the memoir is a happy and caring and also sometimes sad .
and that is bad enough .
the hot was sitting want i her .
i think the books in a <organization> <organization> should not be censored because parts of history get kind of gross and nasty .
<caps> f was in sixth grade i needed glasses because i was addicted to computer for so long and my eyes got damaged .
the next example is that when she find this flow she know she do it again .
and thats as far as i got .
this would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mast .
that would take to long to do so though .
then she thinks it might feel more like this place is becoming a home .
he knew i was quite tensed so he used to play guitar for me and we sang songs together .
they have a big forth of <date> walk and i was lucky to get to tag along with him and his mom .
i understand if everybody thought it was really offensive to take it off but not just one person .
i was once happy until i made mistakes .
i got up a started pacing back and forth .
censoring at the library can only keep kids away from the books for so long .
then go out side and enjoy the outdoors .
my birthday was <num> on <date> .
<caps> computers are taken away information is gone .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
we are still great friends .
and laughter is the medicine to any problem .
its like the radio know .
after i got my new bike and i was patient .
it was hard for <person> and i to prove that we were right for the position of captains and that we could lead the team .
somewhere along the road a guy once said a laugh a day keeps the doctor away .
thats why i think they chose to end with the statement saying about taking the test again in the spring .
this lonely scenery takes it if full on the cyclist .
the architects could not simply drop the mooring mast on top of the empire state building that was only held by a single cable tether .
kids and teens would be so bored that they would the parents insane .
i have and this story will tell you all about it .
if the child dose not return the book in that amount of time they should charge them for every day it is late .
so you can not say that the computer is all that bad it helps a lot of people .
not everyone agrees with that .
this is the mental if of technology taking over .
in that case we could not send aid to the area .
i can search up so many things to help a patient and keep all <caps> important information organized .
also in the spring is when the flower will be beautiful again and this will give her new-found strength that will cause her to pass .
<caps> he said <caps> math homework its just too long and i cant do it .
he said they were wrong .
i feel that people are devoting themselves to the computer .
i forgot all about the phone after that just kept laughing and the phone worked it is one of the funniest stories .
that is messing up the relationship with your family .
i was climbing a pole to ring the bell when i slide .
computer put negative affects on people of all and i think we should stop and think about what we are doing .
she was old and was in a <caps> <caps> club .
think of people as <caps> .
the wind would be too much for a dirigible to handle .
<caps> we were both getting excited because we finally found something fun to do .
she found comfort with nature after she went and bought a plant .
<caps> dad said well you started laughing silly goose .
the possibilities were just to unlikely .
so in conclusion patience is a good like skill to have because it can help our progress in life .
nature was also a major reason to stop the project .
the load and pressure had to be transmitted to the base of the building and they faced over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to do so .
studies have shown that <percent> of people that use computers have an increased hand eye when doing activities like sports or games .
we also got stuck behind every slow person with <caps> way to get around them .
they finally afforded to move into a three-room apartment .
he also encountered dangerous animals like the diamond black rattles back .
in this quote is love .
whenever it was my moms turn we would laugh because of how she would set herself up to bowl .
it can be more helpful than you could imagine .
there are so many social things to do on the computer and those are just some .
the mood created by the author was a happy and exciting mood .
i think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people .
you always see ads for dating websites and other things like that .
<caps> saw my responding glare and chuckled .
having fun and laughing together showed us how much we had in common and that we were all the same .
most blimps outside of the u .
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile of my face .
it all started on a softball tournament in bend .
for example the other day i asked my mom if she would drive me to target i could got gum .
if u are taking little kids out make sure u pick the right movies for them .
they went down in the series <num> .
thanks to the computer i got accurate information .
if they were to make this happen there would always be the risk of someone catching on fire .
not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons .
he went after the ninjas because they to a boy named <person> .
another part that laughter that has been in my life is friends .
this is needs to stop .
it was called the <caps> timbers .
this made me wonder why they would do this .
the third problem was the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new situation .
i think you should pet on .
another setting i feature that affects the cyclist is the absence of any civilization on his cycling path .
the author describes the warmth of his kitchen .
because those kids actually want to learn how to read .
too bad only <num> out of every <num> <caps> could relate to kid message .
you can learn quite a bit with a computer .
as some people get older there grow lesser .
for example a kids mom left for work she takes <num> hours and she come home .
the dirigibles were so big that the wind had a lot of resistance on them and made them sway from the back .
the days dragged on .
these are some reasons that show how this memoir has a peaceful mood given by the author who wrote it .
i think computers are better than books and dictionary because you can do all that stuff on a computer .
another thing that the offended people can try is having an open mind .
they might have some things that really offend you or they might have some things that you really like .
in conclusion i believe that every individual has their opinion and own way of thinking when it comes to what is and is not offensive .
this is human nature because our bodies when into survivor mode and become determined to survive .
the one problem there was is a lack of suitable landing space .
if it is a bad day then they will not want to but probably will .
those movies are rated for a reason .
while on this wonderful adventure of learning you <month> even get yourself into a vacation adventure .
the best relationship i have is with my best friend <person> and it is filled with laughter .
all of these resources that kids can find that has this kinda of material in it can be found in libraries .
later that day the floor dried and we all went up there and ate dinner .
i also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things .
it was nice to know that all my patients and hard work had payed of .
you tend not to be the patient type .
this is loving because it shows he is happy and he enjoys being with friends and family .
honestly all media actually should have their own section .
a whopping amount of <percent> use the computer for work .
i think the people with the best personality are the people who can make someone else laugh .
i have never seen her so patient it was no believable .
some people might not agree with me .
when high up wind currents can be very strong and changing .
censorship lies within the hands of the viewer .
she had passed the test .
computers take away from people enjoying natures joy .
but these social networking sites help them come out of their shells and make them a little less shy and make more friends .
those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family .
while traveling starts to run out of water and then he thinks he is going to die out in the desert .
when people need help they read a book or look it up .
later my dad gave her back her money and we were all happy .
our religion plays a big part on what we think is right or wrong .
some people use the computer for there education .
do not interrupt teachers during a meeting or when their talking .
it made this new place feel closer to home than it did at first .
when we finished getting the last few drops out of our juice boxes we headed over to story time .
when a teacher asks me to type a paper i always do it on the computer .
i think that library censorship is a big deal that needs to be taken into deep consideration .
which the navy was the leader in the development of dirigibles in the u .
patient means that you are understanding and tolerant .
what my mom replied .
one reason was the safety .
we walked in to the trailer and locked the door .
the same thing applies for watching movies and listening to music .
people have the right to say how they feel by any medium .
all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship .
he fought in the <location> war .
examples like finding things out about history .
i was so excited that i flew to my room and pounded cloths in my <caps> and looked through everything i would need .
the content children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent .
when a cyclist goes over hills it takes more energy due to the laws of gravity .
we picked up the children from their houses and drove them to the <organization> to play games and sing songs .
this <caps> ruining many people because this starts rumors and gossip about people .
in my opinion the citizens of <location> would want to keep it more clean and be more about their .
that was neither practical nor safe for the pedestrians on the street .
with all this wind it was hard for pilots of dirigibles to steer .
this can lead to death .
people just need to find a way to it out .
also if you had to look up a person for a school project .
this awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships .
these are my personal views on why things should not be removed from shelves or anything else
laughter will always be one of those things in life that cannot ever be destroyed .
i think censorship in libraries is wrong .
they gave us a pass for us to cut in line on the <caps> force .
he says if i need to type something out ill buy a type writer .
thus his major concern is the lack of water .
with a lot of thing like my teacher gave my class some homework and we had to find facts about <caps> <caps> the <num> .
it seems that when the geese return and the hibiscus buds it will give her hope and confidence .
the author looks back on all the good times <caps> had as a kid .
they also have toys down there for kids so if there parents want to go upstairs then the kids can sit there and play with the toys .
before some people left .
think of all the people who you know that spend multiple hours on the computer .
as you know adults probably have any more <caps> than teenagers like myself .
when asked if he need direction he say he has his own map so he can keep stick to the terrain he knows is rest .
this symbolizes that it is against the law to have an airship that close to a highly populated area .
the next month i went back to take the test again .
but is it really about me no it is not .
six of us lounging around the room .
my opinion on the effects computer have on people .
on <date> we left to go home .
another thing amazing about computers is that you can learn about far away places and people .
that is the authors mood in this memoir .
then we got a rental car and went to the hospital still laughing about everything we got into the hospital and finally seen the baby she was so cute .
make tomorrow be a better place than today .
this section are for the younger children .
the hibiscus is a reminder to hers of starting a new and adapting to society .
he then shows up at a ghost town .
i know this is a free country and everyone has the right to have their own opinions .
that <date> was fun and enjoyable .
we all like different things .
this means that he would have to peddle harder and with greater force in order to get over the hills .
they never understood what they wrote they put it in full sentences .
hi my name is <person> i have a couple topics that i would like to talk to you about .
these are a few of the many obstacles faced by the builders of the empire state building which prevented the use of the mooring mast .
even though the actual computer is inside the fun and creativity can be whenever a person wants it to be .
it takes away our freedom of the press and speech .
i cant even imagine what it would be like .
the builders of the empire state building faced some obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
in seconds there will be thousands thousands of results .
i had to act extra special so my mom can decide when i would get my phone .
and other people should not get offended by what other like .
they had to think about the winds at the top of the building .
whenever <person> wants to play hide and go seek with him he always finds a way out of playing with <person> play computer .
the author has a sentimental value to .
like for instance books that tell specifics about drugs .
all the heat built up a desire for him to get water .
to some people the strong words help the reader get the point across their head .
i disagree with those who believe the item should be remove .
all of these tiresome commercials .
if it is hot and you have lots of hills it makes it hard .
it would impair our basic rights .
i glowered the gun calmed down and watched it eat some corn .
the speed that you type is improved with practice .
fate must have been with us that day because as soon as we glanced up the road we saw <person> riding in the back of someones old <organization> truck .
thankfully <person> grandma showed up just in time to save us and we only saw the <caps> <caps> once or twice after that because he moved away shortly after <caps> encounter .
that someone would plow into a locker or wall and we would just laugh are butts off .
the computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away .
to many things were predictable .
i think its safe to say that half of <location> would rather update their <caps> than get up and move .
with this issue it was illegal to have a dirigible tied up on the empire state building so close to the ground .
when we got there it was packed .
i also knew that they could still turn on me if i did something wrong .
another example is in <caps> <num> .
i also use the computer often .
our class was very surprised at the language and sexual innuendos involved .
the mood is basically is being happy with what you have .
many people including <caps> parents have used the computer to look and read into about other countries .
our eyes started watering and we were chocking on our words as we took our seats for class .
second they have computer gamed to help kids learn .
magazines can have girls with not much clothes on or other things that make boys minds wander .
in the song it also makes fun of gay people .
they spent over sixty thousand dollars on modifications to the skeleton of the empire state building .
when he talked about the different cultures and races coming together and becoming a solidarity made the <caps> feel welcome to everyone no matter what race you are .
many people were family to them .
most of the time people are home bound but need a job .
all the websites like that help you stay in touch with all of your friends .
<caps> is eagerly awaiting his turn to shine and <person> for better or worse cant wait to see him play .
when i went fishing i have never caught a fish before .
first he says how grateful he is for the customs passed down to him .
the word breezy shows that the cyclist can enjoy riding the bike because there is a breeze .
this is very helpful to somebody who is injured or is trying to get another degree to get a better job .
my father on the other hand is more patient than anyone .
he started doing experiments and tried to prove his theory .
teens who talk on-line usually talk with their best friends .
in my opinion i think that the author sets a loving mood .
it would be very difficult to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
we both thought this was the most hilarious thing ever .
this kept us active and enjoy the environment .
again not a word escaped my lips .
maybe a library will come across my article and do what i have said .
i was still a nobody .
the <caps> is a strong person and had a lot of good and bad moods in the memoir .
for me i am <caps> i want to learn more about my own culture no matter of how bad it is .
my other sister did not like that my <caps> was not on the plane with us yet .
there was also violent air currents and a law against air ships flying too low over urban areas
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
the moods of gratefulness and happiness from his life .
playing games is one way that can help you stay connected with your family .
i guess this so-called trait is hereditary because i find myself doing the exact same thing from time to time .
so everyone i strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers .
its the persons choice whether or not they read or listen .
many countries outside the u .
even though he was mad at me he would still try to make me laugh or smile because thats what i relationship is about .
it was a little awkward at first but we got through it together .
then you would get in trouble for talking .
construction always has challenges .
when we first started talking to each other it was between notes i would give my friend <caps> and <caps> would give them to him .
it is the responsibility of the parent to censor what their child takes off the shelf .
a computer can also make signs for a business or business cards .
i was going to try and ride my bike with no training wheels .
in the story about dehydration it says the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips .
as first as possible .
the final reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination .
daily exercise while having fun beats just having fun on a computer .
no one is forcing you to read the material .
com for instant messaging .
the author tries to let you know a home is more than physical walls it is a place for relationships are made .
so in conclusion setting can have a powerful affect on mood or motivation .
those were some of the many obstacles the builders went through in designing the mast .
one reason the mood is happy is because of the setting .
it <caps> help you find in the computer about people .
no more than <num> to <num> mile per hour .
there are many website that can help a student to use for help in any subject .
i know that when my library had a series of books that i found interesting that i was back in there after i finished each one .
any weights used would be hanging over pedestrians .
just after losing so many games you really start to lose hope for yourself and your team .
no one can get in job by spending all day on the computer playing games .
the hard being the kitchen .
but they had faith that they would prosper .
though the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in allowing blimps to dock it still became a well known building in <location> .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
just think about the feeling of never ending laughter .
maybe even just a fun computer game is nice .
certain books <month> stay on the shelf such as a <caps> book .
just because some find it offensive .
a person can ask anybody on the street of how much laughter is important in life and they would say that laughter is very important .
i know you agree with me .
we should be responsible enough to pick out the material for ourselves .
i sat in the seat for what felt like forever .
this also includes email and blogs and some chat sites .
why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world .
it is kind and has no regrets .
if us children did not learn that at an early age many of them would be in some very rough situations today .
we pulled into the <organization> parking lot and i went in .
when i was a little girl i was never had any patience and even now .
first the books were written so they would be enjoyed by the public .
there is a lot of bad music .
<caps> provides a very valid point .
a mass that size attached to the building by a single cable tether would be <caps> in the buildings foundation .
that was the time i had to be patient .
slowly fading into the distance .
for example when teenagers read about people doing drugs that could influence them to engage in those type of activities as well .
in conclusion censoring libraries is a bad idea .
there are too many people in this world to try and censor the materials libraries display .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
there are other types of library items in the library that could be censored .
by adding the mast lots of stress would be added to the buildings frame and therefore strengthening modifications had to take place before the mast was erected .
we stayed at the hospital for like <num> more hours and then we left but my mom stayed .
i casually walked up to him and tried to start a conversation .
but there are people who can help them see the world better .
a person doest go to the library to see something that offends them .
i got a little better every day .
my whole family except my dad was watching <caps> .
after they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process .
these are the ways that the author shows the mood in the memoir .
in my opinion people can also learn from computers .
same with my brother .
when we get there my first thought is paradise little did i know that there was the biggest lines i have ever seen .
there are only a few reasons why i think that people should have access to offensive materials .
i think the use of computers in our town are very good for society .
she ends it with this sentence because its a sign of new life .
it is now or never <caps> friends out there to work together on cutting down on how much we use the computer .
being happy and laughing with people makes a really strong connection between people .
when you are lack of water and energy it makes your goal more hard to complete .
i show a lot of respect to those people on a daily basis .
computers update you on world news .
from what i see and understand i that computers have a positive effect on our lives .
i really had no idea what a <caps> was until i walked into that class .
i remember it like if it was just last week .
quickly i turned away .
they are happy with their life .
on the day of the trip we headed out at about <num> am from the apartments .
so the moral of the story is be very careful because things can happen when they are unexpected .
the second reason books and music should be censored is the simple fact of respect .
other than just sitting around on your new computer and having your brain being wrecked out by it .
he explains how much he appreciates the love and care given to him by his family .
i was so patient i got <num> fish that day .
it also provides us with entertainment if we are interested in playing video games .
then we went every were my mom and dad wanted to go not were i wanted to .
what <caps> is trying to say that you can love someone and call them your family even if they are not blood related .
in paragraph <num> it says my parents always kept their arms and doors open to the many people we considered family .
people often <caps> them in their homes as a reminder on how one should <caps> their life .
it is a very simple concept .
get into a fun conversation or debate .
search engines let us type in keywords and find multiple websites on that topic .
just be glad that you know about it now
then me and my mom finally got called and that was story of the time when my mom was patient .
my friends keep me from breaking into tears and keep me laughing .
they seemed they were not friends anymore .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the hibiscus provides comfort .
as we went we burly braised the end of the rapids with the boat and we went in .
some people <month> think that computers take up too much time for the important things .
these are some of the obstacles the builders of the empire state building had to <caps> .
he runs into a deserted factory and miles of land without people .
but love is something that develops over time and brings people closer in the long run .
there is more foul language in music as it progresses .
i know this from experience .
for example it states in the text .
not to mention dirigibles were thought of being the transportation of the future .
when i got back in the car i heard our robotic <caps> say <caps> time <num> .
i also have had a few bad reading experiences .
the first day <caps> had thrown up blood .
an obstacle they faced was the space .
one obstacle they would have to faced was realized during the designing of the mast that would be put on top of the building for docking .
the terrain that a cyclist is riding on has a big affect on them .
they help people learn and makes work much easier .
the hibiscus reminded her of her grandmother .
then <num> later we got a table .
<caps> could tell he was happy because hell never forget how nice and giving his parents were .
a study shows that phone usage has gone down because adults and teens would prefer to email or instant message a friend .
the mood the author portrays is love and unity .
this time when i got a foul called on me after already being threatened to be ejected from the previous game for the same reason .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
they were so good that they could have been <person> back-up dancers .
perhaps the greatest reason was because <caps> dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium as their gas choice .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
he just got some bumps and bruises .
id caught the biggest fish of the day .
the author was proud because he was growing up as a loving caring child in the us .
everyone has there own opinions in life and sometimes keeping them to yourself is the best thing to do .
there is a lot more to life than being on the web .
one obstacle being to much stress on the buildings frame .
i believe that voting could be the answer to many problems in the world today
it should be clear that computers are a danger to society .
there is a guarantee of you will find it on your computer .
it shocked me that someone would put that book in a public library and let the foreign and others read it .
laughter is something everyone needs in their life .
the greatest obstacle to their successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
a library has the tendency to be known as boring or a very plain place .
<caps> this mean she loves he parent for every little single thing they did .
there has always been a sense of subliminal messaging throughout the development and evolution in the cinematic world of movies .
i arrived at my <caps> house at about one thirty on the dot .
it would be impossible to get rid of all of the books that offended everyone and still have books left .
over <money> worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
the dream for the empire state building was to allow dirigibles to dock on the top of it .
his mood was affected and he started to lose confidence and hope .
this could very well be the poll your <caps> took .
without the computers help we would all have to write all of our papers out .
next i will talk about how computers are a great resource to talk to far away people you <month> know .
you should be happy from what town you are from .
so once he accepted the directions and used them problems occurred .
hydrogen is flammable .
one day i think the <caps> .
we use that to talk to our friend and family .
that is enough to bring hope to someone who has failed and wants another chance .
computers have become advanced and the easiest thing to get things done with .
to me laughter is someone showing joy and excitement to the others around them .
the driver ad teacher says .
the buildings steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
we could tell they were very uncomfortable though .
computer also take precious time away from exercise .
the author created the mood of happiness .
this is wrong and immoral .
at this age middle schoolers and high-schoolers should be focused on their grades and their .
the first issue faced by builders was spontaneous combustion .
it seems the cyclist has a lot against him .
i was trying not to think about the contest .
this ties up the mood throughout the memoir .
then they ruled out using weights to anchor the blimps in place because the people on the street below .
what one set of parents want to limit their child from reading <month> vary from another set of parents .
every work would be remove because at least one person is offended <caps> every work of the sort .
the builders had to modify and strengthen the frame of the empire state building .
computers make things a lot easier for a lot of people .
not being able to see a real relationship .
by this time i was doubled over struggling to speak through all the <caps> i was consumed by .
and cars and planes .
that includes children .
this sentence shows that the home is very loving and warm .
i just <caps> them pure and simple .
i really astonishing how much education we have gained from using the computer .
i think this because there can be somethings that you <month> not want your children to read .
he is becoming desperate .
the features in the setting of the essay affected the author greatly .
they give up everything they had just so he could have more than his parents did .
this vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much .
i hated not knowing .
at last it was my turn i walked out into the hall and found out i was on the <caps> team .
these offensive tactics are a disgrace to literature and culture .
i also find it faster to type then print .
after a while he started to come outside a lot mostly every day when it was nice .
as we waited all i could think about was how bad my feet were hurting in those shoes .
i am stating my opinion that the more people use computers the less they spend with their family .
all these times i had to be understanding .
you have lead in the back swaying with thousands of people underneath you .
another way <caps> shows <caps> is grateful is <caps> says i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
patience is like waiting .
i will take the test again .
this had also happened to many of the other students taking the test .
citizens need to learn to realize not everything is terrible .
it was so many people there talking .
he remembers reading that sticking pebbles in your mouth calms your thirst .
she tried to pay extra money for a better seat and because she cut people in line .
i found all i needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project .
he said as he pulled into the parking lot .
<person> got a birds eye of the park .
the framework was not strong enough for this .
family and friends and even mental health .
they wont enjoy their life outside of their houses .
i guess it all depends on your view of the situation .
some are big and some are small .
so after the winter she would go back to the place and see if she was still homesick .
books or movies that are considered offensive could also be given their own section of a library .
it would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
some people <month> find the books offensive while others <month> not .
the dirigibles would be held by a single cable tether and that would add a lot of stress on the buildings frame .
she had to get her hair done and some clothes on .
i should have more patient .
not just the library has books .
the relationships between people are built from laughter and enjoyment of being with other people .
finally the limits of the road affected the cyclist .
i think the best part of any computer is your freeness while on one .
she got there at <num> am and there were still at least two hundred people in front of her .
you lose relationships with your friends and family because you never get off the computer .
<percent> of kids spend <num> to <num> hours on the computer .
they all carried for each other and were happy .
a person can give you joy by simply being kind to you .
they both do the same things .
the people behind us were passing and we were getting honked at and not in the good way either .
also student use them to do research for school .
i told her i was wrong about a lot of the things that came out of my mouth .
the people who find it offensive have the right to not look at it .
computers are also good for you .
i remember when i was a little girl i went to the library .
there is no way around it .
adults are the ones who see it and heard it all .
another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town .
he also thanks them for his childhood .
this gives her confidence that she can pass this test if the plant can come through the tough winter that they are going through .
computers can also cause problems like spending to much time on it and not getting enough sleep for school .
it was a <num> hour flight with a two hour layover in <location> .
computers also let people learn about new things .
he wants to tell us about what they did for him .
this still should not get movies or whatever the material is banned from the library .
they allow you to do so many different things .
finally after time to think about it we had the perfect idea to climb on the trash can and sit down and spy on them .
but i had massive headache .
i was proud of our work .
if one person makes the choice to close his eyes and go into a fantasy world then that is one persons right as a human being .
another reason that dirigibles could not be attached to the empire state building is that dirigibles are highly flammable when they use hydrogen gas .
another obstacle was the existing law against low-flying airships in urban areas .
i think computers is a positive effect because it can help you connect with other people from different parts of the world .
after a minute a finally pushed off .
personal computers have a very negative effect toward the society of today .
they think oh this girl is pretty .
its their job to poke fun at ones strangeness .
the laughter <person> and i shared always attached others to us .
the <caps> is a book of understanding and knowledge .
i asked her why she was saying that about herself because i knew she was a responsible person .
this problem would cause the dirigible to not stay stable .
those people could die .
before <person> <person> <person> went out to hide we all made up a signal to let the others know if we were okay or no .
since most blimps from out of the country used hydrogen rather than helium it was dangerous because hydrogen is very flammable .
this just makes everything worse so of course our fight breaks out and gets even worse .
we know so much more about other places now than we did before computers .
it showed her getting used to her environment .
people would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature .
when people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff .
i want everything perfect for when i come .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a major way .
he was happy to live in a family that is unity and have friendship with others .
and if you a sports fanatic you can be able to watch live games on the computer .
one obstacle the constructors of the empire state building faced was the use of dangerous gases in the balloons .
<caps> if you can believe <caps> i started laughing even harder .
i knew <caps> hard long she had studied for that test .
an obvious one was structural stability throughout the entire building .
a good first impression is very important for me because it can determine how the friendship will go and how long it can last .
so yea the last sentence he said i liked it .
it is better and faster than using the phone to talk to them .
after that dinner i went strait up to bed .
gets people through tough times and times when you just need a friend .
all of a sudden our plain arrives i was so happy .
they drive about <num> miles to the <caps> stadium .
computers are one of the best ways to keep in touch .
for example he states growing up in this new instilled in me a great family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
we all stopped and questioned if we could jump over it or not .
the idea of the building for acting as a landing for dirigibles is dropped .
everyone is different .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area .
computers give people a place to interact with others .
laughter is one of the most important feelings that one needs to surround themselves with throughout their entire life .
back then there was nothing <caps> could do to take his daughter <caps> from her mother .
censorship is based off of offensiveness .
in this memoir author creates a very specific mood that is the same throughout the memoir .
many would say its a book without cuss words or its a movie without racism .
i was six years old when they got divorced .
second reason why computers are great is because if you have to print something or make a project a computer <caps> help .
so i finally decided that there was to much i would not experience if i ended it this soon .
<caps> is grateful for their love and sacrifice .
the flower had the ability to survive harsh winters and adapt to and new environments .
after time the starts to become worse and worse and the kids gain weight and keep gaining wait then become obese and unhealthy .
sports are also a good way to get outside .
<person> mentions that he grew up in a close knit community .
it might be something that is offending yet people need to know this in case it has to do with someone you know .
a second reason <caps> worry shout over- usage of computers relates to the first reason .
builders with that would have to construct the building to make it more stable .
like for example this gas station near my house is getting re-built because something went wrong with the pipes <caps> this is costing us all about <money> .
so people should do some of the other things i said instead of just going on the computer all of the time .
i have to be patient .
computers drain and waste peoples minds everyday .
the greatest obstacle was that the winds at the top of the building were constantly changing so would be very difficult to land .
thats not the case for everyone though .
these are all good examples of why computers have a positive impact on the human race .
at the same time a library can have pros and cons to its information .
it has help our world is <caps> many different ways too .
<caps> you can play games with people from around the world .
hydrogen is extremely flammable .
this makes it hard for the conductors to dock the dirigible and it also could possibly cause the dirigible to hit something and pop .
it was ironic because the germs would be preserved in the ice box it was funny i was keeping my germs alive and my mom used that ice .
you can keep up with family members and old friends .
this is the story about the time i was patient .
finally it was time for us to get on the plane .
the builders of the empire state building faced many problems and obstacles while attempting to allow blimps to dock there .
people who are around me think that i am fun to be with because they could feel the joy i bring to them .
how many schools have books that have racism in it .
then you should go outdoors and spend time with your friends and family .
people of different races and cultures <month> have another opinion on the situation of censorship .
theirs people that can make you laugh and <caps> and videos and family .
the author this very calm and cool .
the wait was only half over .
the most apparent is musical instruments .
it demonstrates this in the story when it says the quote above .
<month> i remind you that computers benefit many jobs in <location> and in addition aid students by showing information about everything there is to know .
then i went outside to help my mom bring in the supplies and things then drank more water with a smile .
at the same time we should not remove any books from the shelves that are offensive to some .
the stress of a thousand foot dirigible would have been to much pressure for the original framework of the empire state building .
missed there service he could walk .
you can use computers to meet people from different countries .
some people can find these items very educational and they might be able to relate to that book that other people would say is offensive .
now i consider myself a young adult and i believe that other children my age could read about different things and know whats right from wrong .
if an adult does not like a kid book because its giving the kid the wrong idea then do not get the book for the kid .
this is an example because he appreciates everything that his parents did for him and he always will too .
its the most common thing to go on the <caps> .
patience is a very important quality in life .
i wanted to try on my clothes .
so what my mother has taught me to do is to use false info .
now that material is gone all because of you thought it was offensive .
she had to be patient to go and make her own food .
a couple of attempts have been made but to this day nobody has successfully docked a dirigible on top of the empire state building .
a teen could easily get a book and not be paying attention and see stuff about the other gender .
but its also very helpful to people with disability .
its opens up to be beautiful again .
today kids are so addicted to computers everyday they are on them .
baby sitting my cousin took a lot more patience .
remember the world would survive if you trash that zombie <caps> room .
i read this book <caps> a <caps> <caps> <caps> and <caps> is really sad .
you can ask people question .
the author also shows how close their family is .
books are an important part of the learning system .
another great things about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people .
the heat in the story drives the cyclist into a dying thirst .
the girls used bad language and spoke harshly .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she has a better state of mind because she found a flower that reminds her of homeland .
we questioned why we were still fighting over something as unimportant and trivial as this .
wed be different people .
the normal response to a movie such as that would be to become angry or frustrated .
<caps> my dad and me being patients .
<caps> there at that time made dehydration a bigger risk .
computers can help open people up to unique genres of music they have never listened to before .
on computers people can now watch <caps> .
we have learned many things from it .
they need something to listen to .
made you can talk pictures and make a scrap book out of the pictures .
kids will read these over any learning or interesting book .
music has been with mankind since the beginning .
another reason was safety .
i-i failed the test .
that excuse is ridiculous .
i walked into the school and checked out <caps> surroundings .
<caps> seems the bomb and clock are counting down together .
the vice principal told me that i am not in trouble because he was trying to start an issue .
i agree with the statement of <person> in some degree .
teens will <caps> home that night and want to re-enact what they saw in the <caps> .
so if you would please under stand we got to read all of our parents favorite child hood books .
one was that many foreign dirigibles were filled with hydrogen a very flammable gas .
that was the time i was patient .
in conclusion i learned that patience is something you half to have for a lot of thing in life .
the next obstacle they faced was the safety issue .
<caps> is just <caps> of several quotes from a book that i am reading that some people could take offense to .
to stall healthy people need to be outside and exercise .
no need to go anywhere to work .
these are many great things you can do outside .
yes like the writer said the world is a fluid place .
there are a-lot of great things you can do on the computers .
movies are most likely the hardest things to sensor .
they felt it would be unsafe for many reasons .
interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun .
the author involves the hibiscus to show that the girl and the will bloom the same time the hibiscus will and will pass the test .
second there would be less gossip .
so thanks to libraries that have an eye out for things like this
it took me an hour at least to find <person> in that small room .
laughter is an important element in a relationship .
this implies that it different in this country and she will soon adjust .
the laughing got louder as well as the farting .
thats the kind of stuff that really upsets me .
these little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly bu want to keep it organized .
it gives you hand-eye coordination give people info on faraway places .
she was my other half .
parents can sometimes be over hard on a child and not let them do a lot of things .
my sister and her friend complained dragging their feet .
my great grandma also likes to dance and it also hilarious because the dance moves that she knows are far different then the ones today .
being in the intense heat and with know water he never gives up and knows he can make it to the park safely .
so i have to wait for a while till he gives us work .
the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges when attempting to put a dock for dirigibles on top .
see if you can argue one moment with your lover then the next laugh it off because you were silly to be even discussing it .
the book might show different perspectives of how people lived when racism flourished .
finally they were done .
censorship is a touchy subject in our society today .
offensive things are part of everyday life .
the game was one of the toughest we had the whole season .
we need to change this habit .
smiling and giggling we finally stumbled out of the very well hidden trail entrance on to the tracks .
i had to wait <num> minutes to go on space mountain .
they find it easier to disobey rules their parents set for them .
this meant that changes would need to be made in the framework in order to support the weight .
a library where there are no books to lose ones self in the pages .
and you know <person> .
secondly they give us the ability to learn and communicate with the far away places .
and that is an example of one time someone was patient with me .
the faith that this struggle would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times .
<caps> writing so you can hear me out on what i have to say and persuasive you on this essay .
the last obstacle that the builders faced was the shift in air currents on top of the building .
that quote shows had dirigibles were losing popularity due to the airplane .
and they both lived happily ever after .
its a scary though because these children are our future leaders .
thats really just sad .
adults should be able to watch all movies .
at the end she realizes if she just has faith everything will be <caps> and it will be just like home .
also there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
and wandering because the conclusion leaves a lot to be answered .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love .
his parents are very friendly and welcoming and treat everyone like family .
does using a computer mess up your life in some ways i would say no .
magazines these days are even worse .
so architects had to reconstruct the buildings foundation to strengthen the structure of the building .
censoring is something that i strongly believe in .
when i finally got my weapon from the ground the person was gone .
to visit my cousins .
this would cost a large amount of money to construct .
we brought her video camera and put it on night vision and threw the watermelon of the bridge .
and it was not done .
<caps> you can see they struggled to make the mooring mast accomplish .
the setting affected the cyclist a lot .
an for friends this is a good way because if they move you can talk to them on this .
he did not get it back until the glass was empty .
id like to hear that my letter to your newspaper was read .
<caps> you are sitting in a chair all day then you get no exercise what so ever .
there are groups that believe the government has every right to censor anything that is considered offensive in todays society .
in the spring time .
they can search inappropriate words ad pictures and no one would ever know .
another obstacle that was faced was that the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
plus computers help people make money .
please take my reasons into consideration .
computers help people in many ways .
we ate in the cafeteria place .
its so important to have that connection with someone that is so important and close to <caps> .
it would be a easier thing just to censor our libraries .
<num> which is parental guidance or <num> and up .
his parents perseverance is the basis of his life today that taught him great lessons .
that world is not a world i want to live in .
the fact of the matter is that people or parents get to offended or complain cause there little <person> said a curse word in front of them .
sometimes kids forget their text books at school .
but not the kind i was used to .
over all reading books makes you smarter .
the next obstacle the builders faced was nature .
whether that be to exercise or simply enjoy nature .
just then a deer came in .
this leaves the parent with some control over what kids can watch and hear .
we got to about <caps> when the kinds got fussy again .
statistics show that more than <percent> of <caps> have gained weight due to not exercising and their grades have dropped <num> on <num> grading scale .
in the end a library should not be given the right to censor anything .
also for those who could use their mood lifted .
she tells me about her new friends and i tell her about our old ones .
magazines are a threshold of adult matters .
she is content for the moment but is planning to please herself and her mother again in the spring .
as time went on <person> and i started to think of ways to cheer up <location> .
there is always going to be something somewhere that offends someone .
laughter is an element to a relationship that should always exist .
you will be at home eating a <caps> .
about half way through the semester we would get in trouble in class for talking to much and we started to realize we were starting to be best friends .
<caps> the sales man giving me a little shrug .
the setting was effecting his mood .
it was pretty awkward .
he talks about how he grew up and his parents took people in that needed support and helped them out .
everybody thinks different and as you go to school or work everyday you find that obvious by just about anything the person is doing or owns .
these changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing .
another positive effect that computers have on people is communication .
his mother also often eats dinner alone .
once upon a time there was a bid named jack .
this problem with children getting fat is already a very brought up topic and with something like this out its not going to get any better any time soon .
i told my <caps> that i would be back in hopefully a half hour .
another obstacle the builders ran into was that the building would have to be modified .
thats why i think communication is the biggest effect on people due to the use of a computer .
one obstacle was the wind at the top of the building .
he yelled <caps> birthday to me and threw it at my face .
we could hardly see and wear holding on tight to each other to try and keep balance .
without those things in our life i really can see this world falling apart .
one ramshackle shed .
well in this letter i am going to give you three reasons how computers do benefit our society .
some believe that this would be a concern because it affects peoples health .
i will never forget how my parents turned his simple house into a home .
as you can see i believe computers help people and society greatly .
<caps> barely got out the words cause of laughter .
i feel as thought that no one has the right to tell another store where to locate their things .
the other obstacle which prevented dirigibles from mooring at the empire state building was due to the law against airships flying too low over urban areas or cities .
<caps> first reason for say that people spend to much time on the computer is that people waste two much money on it .
the book called <caps> .
life taught both of us an important lesson that <date> .
books are important to this world as well as movies and magazines and such .
because she says when the snow melts and the geese return .
they can receive them and also send pictures back .
another obstacle was that most of the countries outside the u .
the cyclist takes advice from some old guys and ends up wishing he never did .
they also put the news on there website .
people need to leave the computer and do something else like ride a bike or play a sport .
i think that some material should be removed from the shelves if they are racist or contain unsightly images .
it is very unhealthy .
computer have started to make kids obese .
the mood displayed by the author was a warm cozy feeling that felt like home .
it reminder her of her old home .
my sister and i since this incident have become <caps> much closer to the point now that we can tell each other anything and everything .
posting pictures on the <caps> and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse .
another reason is that computers cant physically help us and make us active .
your family is always their to comfort you when ever you have a terrible day .
then my <caps> <caps> goes and checks to see the jar that i had grabbed from the covers .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
all of a sudden out of no where he acts like he is getting pulled into the grass .
thats simple kids should be able to only watch kid movies .
for <person> it was a bit more of a struggle to swim that far .
the play turns out great each and every year from supporting each other .
and last children should be playing outside .
my mother had went in and made a complaint about the restricted movies being in with the children films .
that was a time when i was patient .
the hot desert heat had made water a for like a substance which he could not drink from the well .
schools also use sites to help students have their knowledge .
we then decided it was time for a movie .
winds were shifting due to violent air currents .
the mailing date said in less than <num> hour .
the considered everyone family even though the times were not the greatest for everyone also his parents gave up a lot so he could have a good life in <location> .
plus who would not want a good computer game once and a while .
it was the time of a lifetime and we laughed through it all .
libraries are meant to be a place of learning and they should be kept that way .
they are not patient .
one main thing that people of modern day technology usually do is talk to faraway friends and family on spare time .
the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would transmit all the way to the buildings foundation .
but the reason why the daughter comes back with the plant is she has failed her parents on the driving test .
the features of the setting intensely effect the cyclist over period of time .
everyone is titled to their own opinions .
it is a very communist thing to do .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very relaxed and happy .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows how everything is changing and adapting to the change .
after she got done laughing she ask me for my phone number and then that night we started dating .
the safety of the city became a concern .
then he discovered that patience is key and that when its time to move in he will .
the solution to library censorship is the division of books into categories and sub-categories .
just a single giggle or quiet chuckle can expand someones world .
when i was finished with the dishes <caps> pulled me into my room .
its just easier to move on and forget it .
i asked him trying that puppy dog face my sister always makes to get what she wants .
any parent would agree with that statement .
the lady at the front desk was stunned she has never had someone go off on her for the seven years she had worked there .
there was no way i was going home .
a short walk will bring us to a trail .
part <money> this is due to spending too much time on the computer .
also abandoned buildings .
they could have used hydrogen and the dirigible could have caught on fire and landed somewhere bad .
so i keep reading and reading and like in the middle of the story my teacher makes me stop reading .
there was a connection between us and we could still look back and laugh about it .
minutes into the video i look away since the phone was now in <location> hands .
i think is a positive effect on people .
thanks for being <caps> patient with me i said before i left .
it takes material away from people that can be useful .
when your on a computer exercise your hands and your brains .
they both had each leg steps and every movement just like <person> .
i was amazed she was sad but took her time carefully and slowly as if every move she made had to be perfect .
she should be strong and follow the flow of life .
many people have been very thankful for this system .
if students never know how will they live .
in the story winter hibiscus the author ends the story in a way that shows that she wants to start fresh .
if this rapid increase in technology continues then we will see many more cases such as that one .
in paragraph <num> it says my mother and father had come to this country with such courage .
a voice with a highly sarcastic tone came from in front of me .
he called out smoothly .
chatting on the computer is great .
if that is the problem then the librarians can put those books in the appropriate age section .
that was a time when i had to be patient .
<person> always been there for us .
without computers <caps> would not know the important news when <caps> needed to or information needed for a specific moment .
if this happened then they never would have been able to land .
the games keep me company .
and also set and stand by the age limits of the books being checked out .
stores wont let kids under the age of <num> buy a rated <caps> movie .
my second id came out and it was messed up .
so all i decided to do was wait .
a lot of jobs require people to be on the computer .
one obstacle that faced the builders was that the dirigibles could not simply land on top of the building .
it would take you twice the time to do that by hand then with a computer .
they still have good information that someone other than you <month> want to know .
they often state that it is their favorite book of all time .
censorship is the underlying problem to many things .
the cyclist on her trips sees a lot of features that would discourage her .
the plant also comforts her .
i actually think its a good idea about people being on their computers .
everyone wants to be healthy .
but i personally think the entire team did a good job listening .
why would you travel in a place is you back .
for the rest of the time i got her to laugh an laugh the whole way back .
some people are easily offended and some are not .
the computer games in handy almost all the time .
so i wanted to do <caps> .
<caps> said i slowly walked the horse into the center of the ring .
i got yelled at and had to sit out for a while .
i was too busy playing out possible scenes that might occur at lunch .
and it <caps> what his parents did for there children <caps> that they could have a better life in a new country .
now i will explain in further details .
<person> the good friend she is ran off with out telling us .
when we got there <date> it was great .
by the late 1930s the idea of using the mooring mast for dirigibles and their passengers had quietly disappeared .
the mother was also able to overcome some obstacles .
there were many issues that made it impossible to use the mast of the empire state building as a dock for dirigibles .
things like this although can be very offensive maybe to some people should be viewed because it can teach .
it was great because it was right on the computer .
there is a reason libraries have many sections .
feeble protection is never good .
recent studies show that the more a person knows about their vacation destination the more enjoyable it is .
when i was just sitting down stairs they would tell me to to go do my chores then i could see them talking .
i will never forget how my parent turned this simple house into a home .
it was like it went through one ear out the other .
i learned a little lesson that day .
computers are a great way to refine your hand-eye coordination skills .
the heat definitely effects this mans cycling in a bad way .
i think it was happy because it says he loved to cook and he thanked his parents for teaching him to cook .
soon <caps> found out .
i went head-first into the wall .
laughing really can open someones eyes .
as you can see in the memoir the author felt happy and grateful <caps> of the love and sacrifice of his family .
finally my brother opened the door and said i could come in .
it should be up to the children what they read .
if someone finds it offensive then they can ask for that material to be put on the highest shelf their .
a book that needs to be censored should not be in an <caps> school .
this turned into a day of jokes .
who cares <caps> people thinks its dumb .
it was such an expensive modification because they could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the flat roof on the empire state building .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she wants to try again .
computers are the worlds most knowledgeable teachers .
in paragraph two the cyclist describes how i enjoyed the serenity of an early-summer evening the .
the first example <caps> giving is i founded some books and other things that i search being offensive for kids .
they made more than the <organization> and the company <organization> makes the mostly used computer system .
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills .
something had changed very quickly .
<organization> walked through the door .
making these life-long memories with my friends is something that i will never forget .
lets just say if you got a letter in the mail saying you have to be at the social security office by two days .
also it should be up to the library whether or not they want to remove some of their material .
everywhere you look there is always laughter .
their home was almost a sanctuary .
you can also got a look into space .
the mood of courage of his parents moving to the united states .
second some people would try to band a book just to start drama .
she can turn a negative attitude into a positive one when she says she will retake the test when the geese return and hibiscus is budding .
just because i or any one else finds them offensive
that book allowed children to better understand how hard life was in the past .
this final piece of evidence is located in paragraph seven .
my mother checked her cell phone and told us we had forty-five minutes until we had to take our new kitten to the vet .
obesity is a problem in <location> .
they all talk on <caps> or <caps> .
i no longer needed to act as if i had known him for years .
censorship happens everywhere you are .
it depends on the person .
the computer had created easier way for people to send messages and information to one and other .
there are websites that help you find people .
the mood of the memoir is happy because of their close friendships .
that was a day i had to be very patient .
and then there is the content of what you are viewing .
if a child gets addicted to the computer it will affect how he interacts with other and <month> do serious damage to their brain .
one problem they encountered was the use of hydrogen in dirigibles rather than the use of helium .
my mom came rushing in the room in panic mode .
it was one of the hardest things i have ever done in <caps> life .
over <money> worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
a student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer .
so i was waiting <num> minutes passed then <num> then i lost track of time but i knew it was a long time .
then there was the abandon juice building where they made juice .
then she had to go to the gas station .
i think it does and hope that you agree with me .
i am <num> pounds and in the best shape of my life and i even made by schools cheer team .
being patient is all about being tolerant and under standing .
we just need to get all the pillows we can find .
he is also grateful because his parents gave up almost everything to provide him with a better life .
without computers i never would have learned so much about that place .
the obstacles the <caps> of the empire state building faced while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the safety of the people below .
that is how the mood is created by the author .
i thought with excitement .
i gave a tiny evil laugh to myself as i handed the items to my mom .
my closest friends and i joke around and laugh about numerous things .
when i saw my baby sisters face i almost started to cry .
it made everyone fall on the floor laughing .
this would rise a conical roof that would house the mooring arm .
it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people .
this hindered the ability of a dirigible to moor on top of the building and remained a problem .
movies are located at libraries as well .
it gives us the ability to learn more about what we are learning in school and maybe the ability to learn new things too .
they will have books made just for their age ranges .
my third reason is we can talk to friends .
soon we were all joking about what ridiculous things <person> should wish for with her birthday wish .
i also think that is where most of the stuff kids pick up are from the music they want to listen to its horrible .
it is a good thing they did not do the idea .
they should only spend a certain amount of time on them and not all day .
but i had never seen a person like him and he he told me that laughing and smiling is good for life .
<percent> of the <caps> surveyed at the <caps> <caps> agree computers are helpful to us .
like if they are meeting one at a place and they said they if just means they were on the computer all day long .
from then on the stock to his map .
this can make families keep in touch and friend close .
the book had been written during the cult of domesticity and was filled with ideas of the submissiveness of women and their devotion to the home .
my grandpa likes a lot of music because of their rhythm and beat .
crunch crunch went the colorful .
so we meant everyone at <organization> .
with that reply i simply just shrugged and began again .
when many students were filling up the tables i saved <person> a seat next to me .
<caps> time the elderly lady used her manners but she had a very rude tone of voice .
so then i sat down and <caps> and <person> came in and there was something in his pocket and i poked at <caps> and said what is that its <caps> .
unplug yourself from your computer .
at the empire state buildings hight it would have been illegal to land a dirigible .
as we walked <caps> seemed kind of worried .
she let herself by the flower and remember her home .
my leg was pointing the opposite way that its supposed to go .
these conditions directly affect the cyclist .
she says that she will try again .
making the empire state building a dock would have many obstacles to overcome if they wanted to make this happen .
i am different and kind of an outcast .
people that do not like that kind of stuff should just put it back down and go on with what they were doing .
i had a good conversation with my new friend .
libraries always have some type of organization .
one of their main obstacles the builders <organization> was the frame work .
they could us that money and buy better books and at a lower price .
we had become friends .
i feel that there should not be censorship in libraries .
in her final paragraph it shows she overcame her fear .
instead of sitting down on the computer all day .
in the world today there are always a good and a bad song that is the same .
computers can be very they resourceful at <caps> .
we showed each other loyalty throughout <num> days .
it is someones opinion if they do not like what the book is about and if it offends them .
thank you for reading this and have a nice day
<person> asked patience is waiting for something without complaining <caps> explained <person> <caps> .
people read for enjoyment and knowledge .
this resulted in <money> worth of modifications to the foundation .
the waiter said about <num> minutes .
social networks such as <caps> and <caps> allow that .
the obstacles the builders faced in building the empire state building were nature .
i won my second and third matches and was in the semi-finals .
waiting is not that hard just takes patience .
and when the snow melts so when it becomes warmer and starts spring .
you could use <organization> and keep everything you need to know in a nice and fashion .
it told me the address the phone number and the name of the manager .
another obstacle was nature .
i wrote this letter to tell you that there are some good things about going on the computer .
my first reason is to look up information on the computer .
being on the computer can harm even the computer .
and you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
the heat also played a part of his energy loss .
the dinner was awesome .
laughing is said to be one of the healthiest things out there .
this is the time when i was patient about going to the doctor .
in the mental aspect he is greatly affected by the features of the setting .
there were no buildings nor cars around so he had no way of asking anybody for help if needed .
the gentlemen they a taken advice from had assured them it was booming prosperous town .
i have a feeling that person is not going to be happy and you will have some explaining to do .
<caps> she means by that is everyone has their own opinion on every piece of material that hits stores and libraries .
<caps> had made us a better world .
i had the strange feeling that i have known her forever .
me and my sister got permission to leave and go on the riper .
i believe that there should be censorship in public libraries .
i know that there is always something that pulls you back in .
i believe the author chooses to end the story wit this paragraph because it symbolizes closure .
many people have different ideas on what they feel is offensive .
she drove me and <person> and <person> time for the plane ride to <location> .
my brother was complaining and my dad started yelling at him .
she did that because of a made up story her mother checked out at a library .
the author found a bait shop and got water
laughter can ring out and lift the spirits of those that really need it .
i had to teach her moves at a slow pace so she could remember how she was supposed to do it .
<caps> is my personal belief that that hilarity and giddiness are the best emotional states to be in .
another problem the workers faced is they would have to change the entire design of the building to meet the accommodations of the mooring dock .
to find what we need to know in the past or future or mainly whats going on todays life .
the building was supposed to serve as a holding dock for these new air ships called dirigibles .
there were even doctor books with graphic images .
you never know whats going to happen if you are patient .
we pull into the <caps> wow thats a a lot of kids i said yea there is <num> freshman this year .
the roller coaster was the second biggest roller coaster by the park .
that sent all of us laughing .
my friends and i that day had decided to go to <location> <caps> .
<person> and i when for a walk in the refreshing <time> .
either way your learning .
for a school project in <caps> i had to research about <location> .
all help make our lives a lot easier at times .
the last most important reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because it allows people to communicate with each other .
she even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends .
in the waiting second got confused with minutes and minute got confused with hours .
this is an example of how a once radical idea has now gained support and made peoples lives better .
soon they start making a name for themselves by using such language or actions and eventually becomes known as the bad kid .
laughter kept me in perspective of <caps> .
everyone is going to be offended some point in their life .
you wont go wrong if you listen to someone who uses a computer everyday .
this affected him because he had no water to drink from .
first at the end of the memoir <caps> was <caps> .
so my <caps> told me to keep my brother and sister in their seats while he went o find my <caps> and sister .
i jogged to her house down the block and we long boarded down to <person> in downtown <caps> .
being a kid and all i felt ashamed even though i knew i was telling the truth .
all of which <caps> family members and really close friends or people from their work .
but they are not good enough for people .
but we were patient and that she longed date ever the end .
in the excerpt the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there .
all i have to do is wait .
and gives me a hug and kiss on the forehead .
i tried sleep but it was very uncomfortable that us the most uncomfortable plane ride of my life but i had to be patient and how its over .
there are many great uses for a computer .
the average day for children in <location> <caps> is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home .
computers are also good because if you have a project to do from school then you could get good information based on what project you have to do .
every library has different choices .
by having the dirigible on the building held on by one cable tether was bad .
then watching him try to climb down again .
as soon as we got there we heard a lot of gun shots .
<caps> is going to kill you .
he went through three towns that had nothing .
that is how the setting affected the cyclist .
then i had to wait two and half hour just for him to get one shone on .
the memoirs mood is a sense of happiness because its talking about a place where neighbors are like family and everyone is very close .
i have seen people cry over it and it makes me really upset that i want to do something to help them but i really cant do nothing .
<date> really brought us back together again .
kids now a days live on the computer .
the author concludes the story this ways for a few reasons .
i could feel people starring at me as my friends got out of the car to give me a hug .
<caps> teacher fell silent for a moment and then she said come see me after class <caps> i waited until the end of the day and then went to see her .
some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down .
<caps> you could tell the girl was going to be okay because she had someone to make her laugh and remember life is more then just a guy .
i think this because in the passage it says there were no cars .
laughing is one of the key components in all my relationships with others .
only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends .
this is a major contributor to the failed attempt .
<caps> all up to you and how you feel about the book .
that is how you get kicked off of these things .
they never take that to look at anything thats going on around them .
i have a uncle that lives in <location> .
the wind at the top of the building were always shifting because of violent air currents .
the author concludes the story with this because the girl in the story is almost like the flower itself .
it is also joyful to know that most of his family will be coming to live with him .
his parents later got a divorce because he turned into a totally different person .
they can still let that deep instinct to enjoy themselves be expressed in bursts of happy noise .
my team and i all went to the bathroom .
if somebody chooses to be on the computer instead of spending time with their family well thats their choice and problem not the computers .
will for anything for long .
the winds constantly shifted and the back of the dirigible would swivel around and around the mooring mast making it unsafe for the pedestrians below .
not once did the authors say anything negative about his experiences growing up .
when <caps> mom took me to the sign ups year <caps> took almost three hours <caps> to sign up and set pictures taken end paragraph <num> .
nobody should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that is your choice in life .
when we got to the emergency room we had to wait a while before anyone would see us .
the day finally came to get my phone <date> it was my <num> birthday .
almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point in time .
i think this way because you <month> have to look up something on the computer one day .
the greatest obstacle was nature .
this is how a library serves a community
i believe computers are supposed to be used for positive things not negative things .
all of these activities require very good hand eye coordination .
movies tell you what it is rated .
this is a cheaper and greener way of presenting ideas .
the life <person> lived as a child was a paradise in his eyes .
<person> is a very calm and happy short story .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened .
we use computers to keep us warm during winter .
it took about one and a half days to arrive .
i began to really enjoy <caps> <caps> .
this is the mood the author created in his memoir .
people hear about all of the fighting because the person probably was offended by something someone else said .
people can past inappropriate information on their own for others to see that can be impossible to take .
everyone is patient one time in their life .
this law makes it illegal to tie up to the empire state building .
in my personal opinion no item should be removed from the library because many people have many interesting in many topics in the library .
man-kind should use books for research also not just computers .
they usually just sleep around the house when they are lonely .
my father finally interrupted by telling us that he was going to search for a wire hanger from one of the stands in the carnival .
also you can see what people your age do for a living .
everyone reacts to things differently .
with computers we can do homework with our friends without leaving our homes .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i have a best friend named <person> .
laughter is what connects me <person> my friends .
teachers also use computers to look up information on a certain subject .
<person> went and smoked a cigarette .
every day i have this kid sit by me on the bus .
<caps> would always find a way to make me feel the need to smile and have a good time .
i will never forget that house or its neighborhood or the many things i learned about how to love .
in addition to financial loss there is also a health issue .
he was saying that the word solidarity was a big word and meant something .
most children are addicted to computer games .
we need to get people moving and exercising .
<caps> says you are lacking patience .
people spend way to much time on the computer .
the loving mood of this excerpt has many subdivisions of emotions .
this was the time i was patient .
i <caps> that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people .
the cyclist accepts information from foreign old people which made his first mistake .
in the memoir the author has various moods .
books are vital to learning things .
in the story all the memories of her old country encouraged her to be strong .
the builders would then have to modify and strengthen the empire state building to this new situation .
this doctors office had <num> chairs in the dirty waiting room .
so thanks for letting me help you with your decision .
i think the memoir is a very heartwarming story of a family that loves one another and his thankful that they have a place they can call home .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly .
censoring libraries is something to protect you and your family .
i love computers and everybody else should too .
there was also the problem of winds .
so if they have a computer they are able to do things <caps> play some games or can watch some videos to pass the time .
but really everything you would like to know is right there .
and that was the time i was being patient .
<caps> is not the answer .
<caps> then said something about how gross it was when he ate .
so at the end of the story she said i will take that test again .
she put on my chest to see if my heart was <caps> .
it <month> effect their lives depending on what age they were introduced to such things .
the bad thing about having any offensive things in libraries <month> not be a smart idea if its <caps> most children get there books .
my grandmothers computer got a virus off of a website that website was <caps> .
sometimes laughter can hurt more than it helps .
so safety was definitely another obstacle in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building .
computers are sometimes the easy way out .
he said that my parents always kept their arms and their doors open .
it felt good to smile for the first time in a long time .
we all was in <num> car and vans .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
it clearly helps the workplace get attention .
the computers that people think of are machines that sit in a room and is used often but not for its purpose .
i also think computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology .
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face .
they also might use it for typing a project or making a presentation .
if you do you will learn so many things .
there were many different obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
there could be many more people who want to check out that book and read it .
even if you buy the <person> you are still learning by taking care of them .
kids need to understand what books are good for them from there age and otherwise their brain will start confusing them at their age .
but the sad thing is is that she moved at the near end of eighth grade year .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is very appreciative and grateful .
the might not even go near you if you forget about them .
that is the first reason i think that computers are <caps> good for people .
works of literature are works of literature no matter what they contain .
i kept on winning prizes at the games they had .
computers let us research so we get correct information with just a click .
also the memoir seemed to have a good mood to it .
i had to be patient to <num> hours before me and my family arrived .
at one point i started having a very hard time breathing .
for example in the article she gets shaky because she cant say home because she misses it too much .
this technology is the most best thing you could ever use .
it is basically any information in a click .
i had made friends before by making them laugh or laughing at there jokes .
another example was he felt warm because of that .
then it would be hard to learn or teach anything .
<caps> yes i forget .
i tend to tell my mom stories about my day at school when i come home .
authors of the books should not be punished for what they choose to write about by taking their books out of the library .
we were sitting there for almost <num> hours not even making a sound .
we worked out at the gym <date> for four hours each day .
and the reason why i feel like that is because i passion for computer .
one mood the author gives is a happy one .
on the computer all the time can make you forget to spend time with your friends and family .
when we all came back to reality we realized <caps> was time to head home so we all grabbed our things and headed for the bus stop .
music and movies are not that hard to control from them getting into the wrong hands .
i believe that spending too much time on the computer could be a bad thing .
many people hear that sentence more than once everyday .
i also think this sentence from paragraph <num> supports the author wanting you to feel grateful .
<caps> of those words provide feelings of being drug on through the rough setting of the cyclists trip .
however the mooring mast was impractical and obstacles it posed overcame the ambition used to design it .
if a dirigible were to dock there it would also be breaking laws .
our <caps> class is at the end of the day so we are just ready to go home by then .
libraries could even mark a book if it held something offensive .
<caps> they should be out teaching kids not to say this stuff .
i do believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelf .
they finally calmed down long enough to say what id just said and i blushed but started laughing along .
i was trying to throw a front-full for cheer .
while we had been having this conversation our other friend had run back to the car to grab sodas and go to the bathroom .
because the dirigible was so large and heavy the dirigible added with the wind would be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation which was at the bottom .
this is the authors mood in the memoir .
<organization> a recent study at <organization> shows that <percent> of schools in <caps> use computers for research .
other people think computers are hurting the <caps> citizens .
<caps> as <caps> the computer is letting you teach yourself .
they chat with friends or maybe even boyfriends .
after thinking about it i replied yes .
the builders of the empire state building faced many hard obstacles .
he even put pebbles in his mouth to suck on so he would be able to keep his mind off water .
computer are all the time .
there have been times where i had to be patient .
writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle .
when riding a bike it <month> not seem to hard .
but of course <organization> had to try it just once .
in the essay a young cyclist takes advice from some elderly man and ends up riding through hot sun and ghost towns not knowing if he would survive .
laughter is the best medicine .
this means that there will always be love and happiness in your home if you just respect your friends and your loved ones .
the workers had to face reality when it came to the construction and location .
i once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology .
most kids spend most of their time on the computer <caps> or on <caps> or <caps> .
he could just on the computer and play a game of soccer even though he has a broken leg .
the library is public property .
you cant expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes .
that is why i think she is the most patient person in the world .
after ten minuets i got up and went back .
when it comes to books in the library we should have sections .
we enjoyed some cookies and milk with <caps> mother and then we went up to <caps> room .
it took about almost <num> min to wait for all at them to get through the door .
the more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors .
music is something you listen to or you hear .
i think this would be a good start on making the world happier and bringing all of us closer together .
heres my idea to fix the problem .
they were coming over to our house to play bored games .
perhaps its what makes things not boring and makes it more interesting to the reader .
this is why we need to keep them all up .
think about the point that the person who wrote or made the movie were trying to get across .
a library is made for everyones access and not everyone is alike .
kids also do bad in school because they eventually think that school is a waste of time and drop out .
each person has a really good ability that stands out .
although i did already say a while back that i got to be the first cousin to hold her .
thats why i would look into the opinion of others .
first she had to get someone to pullover and ask if they had a cell phone .
that should not be offensive to somebody because they are talking about killings and violence .
i believe there should be some censorship to some extent .
many people in different cultures find many different things offensive .
the cyclist was in a desert .
these are just some of the things you can do with computer .
i can go fifteen minutes but i cant go an hour .
there are so many different forms of information and entertainment offered inside libraries .
it was a small creek .
these are the authors mood in the memoir .
i could tell what <caps> was thinking .
later we fear panic set in as these terrain becomes hilly and tumbleweeds and snakes cross the path .
<caps> are growing fast they are meant in be active and playful and without any active sport like dancing nor basketball they are going to grow big .
just because one person finds something offensive does not mean the next person that comes in will .
that are impatient .
the boys all think that its <caps> and that thats what every girl is supposed to look like .
the mood created by the author in the memoir are pretty good .
by changing him physically .
she took it with her everywhere she went .
there should not be any style of censorship in the <location> .
even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring <caps> the back of the ship with swivel around and around the mooring mast .
these words show us how much of an impact his parents action had on him and how they helped him in life .
in the <location> they are struggling as implied by the mothers reaction at the cost .
the reason they are in an office or living room or bedroom is because people like them and uses them for their needs .
we did our rounds and everything went very smoothly .
that was the time i was patient .
another obstacle the builders faced were the winds on the top of the building .
i replied offering her the book in my hands .
but you have to make sure you get a good computer .
with a computer you could send messages and photos to interact with them .
even family and friends suffer when computers are around .
she replied yes and left .
one day i was playing basketball whit my friends i had no school so i think it was like <num> pm .
so we went to get something to eat .
even if it is offensive to some people .
it was really exciting but there where two parents behind us that were really into the game .
but thats not all a computer is good for .
kids could be enjoying other things besides computers .
laughter is a big deal in friendship .
this is good depending on how long it takes .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
there are millions of books that are not only exciting and stimulating but also can have a positive influence on one as well .
dear <caps> i think more and more people use computers because it can help you find a job if you lost it .
another problem was wind .
we got here around <num> in the <time> .
many more things that are in good use .
<caps> <person> had accepted <person> request thats when <person> remembered about the request .
i think that children and other people should be able to read and listen to stuff without it offending others .
there would probably be nothing left .
in conclusion working hard and <caps> give up its a part of our life and its up to our selves to overcome failing
the ticket booth man told them .
i wanted to get up so bad and move around but i would look and <caps> walking in a circle and plus <caps> left .
censorship in libraries should not be allowed .
for example if you were giving some homework that you had to do on the computer and theres was no way for you to do that project in school .
most of what we learn today comes from the books we read .
i love them all very much .
it all started with a book <date> <date> ago .
we got there and we found out we had the wrong time we were an hour early .
another reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because you could get in trouble .
the author concludes the story that way because one theme is to overcome obstacles .
putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea .
those questions just might be flashing through your head right now .
this law made it illegal for ships to even go near the empire state building .
people type their work up or they send work to their e-mail to bring home .
we waited in the waiting room .
fine something unless to read about .
therefore the ending of the story displays the themes .
i do not think people should take books off the shelves because the town libraries have those types of books .
she seemed so quiet and sweet .
the empire state building is <num> feet tall which made for some problems .
his parents gave up their jobs and had to start their lives over entirely .
she was absolutely convinced it was the cake .
other problems that the builders of the building faced were those of mother nature .
so she becomes determined to pass the test .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast .
i did not want to be a horse .
you might also learn about nature .
and hydrogen is highly flammable .
he also talks a lot about family and all of the people he cares about .
new <caps> <caps> newspaper said that they are worried that it too many people got a good computer that no body would be outside enjoying what left of nature .
we were in the middle of building a fort in the kitchen surrounded by what we called snow .
they can work for whatever company right from their home computer .
the next set of cars came in <organization> they ushered us into the the eighth car in the row .
all i need to make those bad things seem like old memories is to have a long and pleasant laugh .
people get <caps> distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore .
in your own way about patience .
its hard to handle on puppy jumping in our pond and swimming across the deep end and another climbing chain link fences .
i was definitely the most experienced in my weight class .
it <month> be at an elegant restaurant sitting at a petite table in the distant corner .
i hope i have persuaded you with my well-thought out thoughts and ideas .
you eat dinner and ya just want to unwind from the days gigantic adventure so you go on the computer .
people have different criteria when it comes to deciding a level of offensiveness .
the sun had melted the top layer of snow and turned it into ice .
the situation would have been much worse had it been over <num> stories in the air .
majority of people stand firm with politics and do not budge when it comes to discussing what they believe is right or true .
with this it shows that a person can not let one small thing ruin something for everyone else
because other people got <caps> first and act to get served first .
the <caps> in this memoir is joy and happiness .
if it is docked on top of a building around movement it could easily catch on fire creating the whole building itself to blow up .
another obstacle the building crew of the empire state building was faced with when constructing the mooring mast was nature itself .
i knew that that was the only place that i could actually recover from <caps> was happening .
so just talk to them and be real about things .
another thing that the builders had to deal with was the safety of the <location> .
patient can mean a lot .
without laughter my life would be dull and have no color that would make me who i am today .
the mood is happy too because the parents did all of this for their child .
she does this i think because she needs time to just think things through to just remember back home and to make a hibiscus garden .
these features in setting are cruel .
this shows the readers that the way he words things sounds almost unreliable .
we saw them waiting for us and <caps> waved enthusiastically .
well you want an answer and i will give you one .
now people can get on the <caps> .
the plant helps the mother try and stay positive and it also helps the mother by trying to do the right thing for her daughter .
music and feasting are two of the most cheerful things there are .
thats one bright side .
<caps> my brother never lies to someone and always will have your back .
trying to build the whole store and i had to go to the bathroom real bad .
as you can see the mood of the story is warm and tells us about how he had a good childhood
they should stay away from computer for a time .
i think that it is showing <caps> new beginning that she will have to go through the next year .
one obstacle that the builders faced is the lack of suitable landing area on the roof .
<num> and how many people go on at least an hour a <num> .
my conclusion is that they should not censor material because it offends someone .
we had absolutely no idea where he lived so they told us to meet them at the skate park .
they wanted to give her and her brothers and sisters a better life .
these imposing obstacles made the use of the empire state building is a dock unrealistic .
then finally after hours of cleaning the bathroom is back to the way it should be .
i you to consider my ideas .
his idea was to add a mooring mast .
when i got to the line it was so long it seem like it go on forever .
laughing can shrug things off your shoulders helping you turn it into a joke .
it will make your day that much better .
the ups and downs and all the animals that await him .
you also learn more thing about place <caps> any thing .
then we laughed even harder and we continued to laugh for what seemed like an hour .
what was even worse was our next class was <caps> .
then they started laughing even more .
treat others how you would like to be treated .
<caps> important decision is up to you .
i closed my eyes in fear as she turned the corner .
the <caps> had to put another sixty thousand dollars into it because of the modifications .
<caps> weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake .
you can order order all types of that needed to <location> .
people always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer .
well is not because thats how the family gather and stop coming to visit you .
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills .
even if its for the littlest and stupidest things .
just like legal things only legal for adults .
a guy travels to <organization> where he meets old timers and the give him a shortcut to the park .
the biggest obstacle was nature itself .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is nice and happy .
in any of my classes i am patient most of the time .
the final obstacle is there is a law that prohibits airships to fly to low in urban areas .
the hardest problem to overcome would have been nature .
me and her now everything there is to now about each other .
in the memoir the author creates many moods with in it .
and my conclusion with all three reasons .
i was so happy cause when she moved i thought i would never talk to her again .
that is why i think the setting affected the cyclist .
computers help so many people with everyday questions .
it was so shocking .
take anatomy books for example .
there food was good .
so that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society .
violent air currents that flow above the building .
then finding some one to move your stuff for a fair price .
there got another hour .
there will always be unhappy people in the world .
<caps> here are some of the ways laughing is good for you .
another great effect of people on computers is socializing and having fun .
i hope that this essay will give the protesters a second thought on the topic they are bickering about .
some ways computers are good for you are that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information .
they could be apart for months or even years .
it would be all the more reason for him to give up .
i was very proud of myself for doing what my friends wanted to do first .
its not up to me weather the materials should be removed from the library shelves .
after lunch was over i ran over to my friend house across the street to play basketball .
navy dirigible reached the mooring mast .
if i had not been patient during that ride through the mountain i would have gone insane .
thats how you can tell that the mood is happy .
in a time of pain all you want is a friend .
those with the obstacles the builders could never overcome .
i was bored out of <caps> mind and the thing s that made it worse was that <caps> little sisters were screaming in the back .
we were going to pick <person> up from her house and <caps> go to the zoo .
i say aloud to <caps> dad .
an example of the sad mood set the author describes his neighborhood .
he was behind the <num> and <num> graders .
people are entitled to their own opinion on what is appropriate level material for themselves .
the helium and the hydrogen gases that lifted the dirigibles .
the people who built the empire state building had many problems building it .
they can help you do anything .
sometimes using the computer could be educational .
there were several obstacles to the success of the construction .
i know this because my librarian told me this one day .
computers are also help young children to old adults learn new things .
we found the ride but we first looked at the line it was huge .
all the laughing made me forget that i was sad in the first place .
in the last paragraph when she vows that she will take that test again it gives you a sense that everything will be okay .
this way more and more families can do activities together .
in conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone .
there are a lot of books that can be offensive to people in some ways .
so more and more people buy computers each year .
the mother would be taking away what i like to read and watch .
by removing certain materials out of libraries would cause reader attention to why their being removed .
i can understand some books being in the library .
computers have even made our society .
i started dancing with my court of honor and my partner and towards the end came the big part .
getting that hibiscus reminded her of her homeland and it gave her memories of then .
they might be paying a bill by the computer .
he was running out of water and the pump he found only produced .
shocked that i had flew off of a skateboard while just sitting down .
the builder met with experts to better understand the way the dirigibles work .
that someone could be an educated person or a high school dropout .
in the setting the young man is faced by some challenges that make him as an individual a stronger person .
we asked the lady if we could get him but she said they are going in sport and we could buy him there .
<caps> people argue that certain media should be removed from libraries because they find it offensive .
or use it to plan vacations .
when you complain about having to wait it is disrespectful to others .
he also had to find his way around a big snake while being dehydrated .
they should be put in a different position for children unable to find in the area .
now it was time to go on more rides and not complain .
some people need computers and other advances in technology for their everyday life .
the cyclist just thought his life got a little easier .
only because the computer were going to crash and lose all the data that we have ever recorded .
laughing is important .
i start cracking up in laughter .
the obstacles of the <caps> of them empire state building were some big ones which led to some problems .
some people that look at a movie an a wrong way get the wrong type of thought about something which make it offensive to them .
would add stress to the buildings frame .
most dirigibles from outside of the united states use hydrogen rather than helium .
during that camp i found out the truth .
and they are silly and they bite .
she found the plant to be very comforting and it helped her get passed the tough times .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
books open a new world to everyone and should not be taken away .
the entire idea was eventually dropped by the late 1930s .
having a computer would be very bad for your physical lifestyle .
such is the knowledge lost from book-burning .
using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing a paper .
living without sense of humor made me very depressed .
so when that happened they thought a lot about the docking station and only to allow blimps with helium in them to dock there .
it is more effective just to go to a local <organization> or <organization> to work out .
the next thing that i think should be censured at the library is magazines .
therefore things between them would succeed in a stronger and better relationship .
<caps> there is the fact that you can talk to theme <caps> <caps> .
that can be considered offensive to citizens .
being censored is not protecting anyone it only makes things worse .
many parents are becoming upset because they think their children are viewing things that they should not .
thats the people that always got things handed to them which i imagine is why this topic came up .
computers are very troublesome .
if people began to take away options on reading materials some kids <month> refuse to read at all .
movies like that should not be on the shelf at the library for my child to view .
i believe <caps> is acceptable because there are certain materials and music that a young child should not be exposed to .
i love to play basketball outside .
that is why i think that books need to get into the right hands and not into kids hands .
<caps> will never be forgotten .
libraries are stocked filled of all kind of reading materials .
that is a time i remember when i was quite patient .
the friend said that it was very comfy .
but mainly because of the recent <caps> issue .
life is too short to sit around all day .
the words we exchanged left smoldering wreckage in our wake .
the entire steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened which would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
the <organization> were on is called <organization> .
the heat he was facing would cause tiredness and dehydration .
they all came to <location> hardworking and willing .
i believe that if it is on the shelf then anyone can pick it up .
when grandma comes she always brings gifts for both of us on are birthdays .
because of the individuality of people and different beliefs and customs we are all going to appreciate and depreciate all different kinds of literature .
all of these cultures came together and great solidarity and friendship .
in conclusion there was several obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
nothing could have made me laugh .
movies that will help them learn how not to do somethings like kill or rape .
but then looked up everything i needed to known in an half hour .
i was patient on the plane waiting to get there .
the knowledge of people would be limited to only what the library or the government would want them to know and that is not right .
he reflect on the irony of his position by saying that his situation should please all sadists reading about it .
at first <caps> phone was fine and everything alright .
the person who picks up the product should know how they are and should know if they can handle the material .
the walk way sounded silent .
about <percent> of kids use computers to talk to there friends but some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad .
but what do you guys think .
in order to have a dirigible dock on the top of the building the building would have to withstand its weight .
this describes how the author is really dehydrated and he feels like his brain is drying up .
the concert was <num> days away .
i know people spend to much time in computers but to other people its not .
<person> thanked me for making her laugh and making a joke out the situation .
i hope you agree with me .
the first ten minutes were awkward .
i agreed and off we went .
to most extent this message was very true .
you can also build new things .
<caps> of my family also live far away .
i have an opinion about this and it might not effect everyone in the world but i do hope so .
let this be a step in the right direction
owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too .
until one <date> i saw a <caps> .
that one day but i did no where so do when it .
its not such a far fetched idea .
most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport .
there were other features that would negatively affect the cyclist .
we talk a laugh for a bit and got to know each other .
first of all the drive- it was horrible and long .
builders faced many problems with <caps> dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers .
dog <caps> of <date> <caps> made me laugh every time i saw her droopy ears and pointy little nose .
i believe this because .
<caps> dad thought the dog treats were cookies <caps> ate one .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i feel this way but i am not a person that is tuck in their ways where you cant change their mind .
these are my three reasons why we should spend less time on computers .
it turns out that we where going to a island on lake <location> called <location> island .
when we meet up catch .
people find different things offensive and if everyone took these things off the shelves there would be none left for anyone .
one day at my school .
the reasons as to why dirigible could not dock there were obvious .
that is because they would start looking at it more .
we left at <num> am and now it was <num> pm .
on the other hand they attract the readers attention .
i went to go asked my dad if i could get this one .
soon i became more accurate .
the major obstacle to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area .
once we were settled in we went in to <location> .
this shows how the author grew up helping people .
if you have no hills and it is a sunny breezy day it makes it nice to ride .
i almost opened my present three days before <caps> .
one time when i was patient my friend <person> went to the mall around <num> am .
his house welcomed everyone and the air was always filled with not just scent and music but life and love .
<num> min later i decided to go back home .
the rough terrain is hard for the cyclist to overcome .
the author concluded this story with this paragraph because she wanted show how the flower gave the little girl strength .
the mood in this story was security and happiness .
a time that i was patient was when my family and i was going to get <organization> autograph .
you could live in <location> and email someone in <location> .
thats not going to speed things up any more than they already are .
he is a <caps> <caps> which means he managed portfolios .
my will is stronger than my need .
people who <month> have posted the website could very well be crazy .
no one should be limited because of other peoples values or interest .
that mood is happy and friendly .
the funny part of this trip was when we were trying to take pictures of each other jumping in the air with the ocean behind us .
censorship prevents learning from those who want it .
so that is my story of what a year of laughter is for me in a nut shell .
computers can but promote bad habits .
airships were flying dangerously close over urban areas .
checking the computer is the first thing they do when they get home from school and the last thing hey do before going to sleep at night .
there is no love with no laughter .
she was wondering if i wanted to go with her .
you can become obese .
since most of the dirigibles from outside u .
these are my three reasons why computers are important to society .
the wind pressure had a great deal on that also .
the <caps> states i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home .
because they help people learn about faraway places .
they told me about my mother living in <location> .
todays books in are libraries are sometimes offensive .
i have also read books assigned to me at school that have had descriptions of sex and bad language in them as a third grader .
or get email with is like getting real mail but from an computer .
if the books are offensive i believe that they would not put the books out for everyone to see .
after this revelation i was able to laugh at things said to me and laugh at myself as well .
winds and other complications were preventative .
they just go to <organization> with each other and come home together .
one of the best ways and more common ways to have a good laugh is by watching a funny movie .
i had woke up at six and jumped out of bed .
in conclusion as stated the library is a great place to hang out and just to relax .
and this will make them get more weight .
i will never forget how my parents turn this simple house into a home .
i think when all of us are together we are always laughing every scent of the day .
one hour later mom its taking forever .
we were able to go on a search engine and find directions to their house from the airport .
computers are greatly necessary for people to communicate and enable people to make plans with simply and effectively .
those are some definitions of patients .
the only eventful thing that happened on the way up was that one of my friends dropped his water bottle and had to chase it halfway down the mountain .
some <month> even tell of what happens when the characters says a bad word and what happens to him if he says it .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways .
the person should have thought this through before jumping into the situation .
when i was younger we would sometimes watch movies in the after school program i attended .
the computer is an easy alternative for communication .
in history you probably learned about immigrants coming over to <location> to get away from their ruler .
of course a few months later he asked <person> out but i let it go just as <caps> did when <caps> said no to him and they stopped talking to each other .
to me it is the only thing that can keep me going .
it is <num> dollar .
music could also be a bad influence on kids .
it <month> have taken a few days of trying really hard to do so .
my opinion on computers is that i think its a good idea for people to go on computers .
also no one is in sight .
i also thank that it is a good thing that kids are wanting to learn about what they want to do later in life .
she works for three houses so she learned to type really fast .
this is social time lost .
i was flipping out that meant they were coming .
my whole family lives in <location> and it costs us twice as much to make a call there .
<caps> told his mom about his good deed and his cousin <caps> got to stay longer .
but after the long line .
my mom said <caps> could take a while .
sometimes watching t .
my friends support there when i needed it guided me through the terrible assignment .
she is by far one of the funniest people i have ever met in <caps> entire life .
first of all instead of removing all the books maybe you should consider making a section for only for people of certain age .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood where the many things i learned there about how to love .
we had dinner together and talked about how our family is doing back in <location> .
after that i only had to wait for the <date> to end and <date> to begin .
if they can be at home on the computer for hours then they probably can hang out in real life .
my last and final reason is that you can do almost anything on a computer .
<person> grunted as <caps> tossed the sack over his shoulder .
i say the same thing to them what i say to everybody who asked me about being patient .
we had to wait in line for an half an hour .
making jokes and giggling can show how close you are to someone .
for one your eyes will begin to hurt .
we headed out with five kids under the age of <num> so i knew we would be going on some smaller rides .
i was finally happy .
the authors write these books so they can make a point and make money .
there is one thing about the computer that is amazing .
if everyone can help out in the effort to make our libraries and school more censored than all the libraries would be a lot happier places full of adventure
even though i probably should have been mad .
we were shopping in my favorite store at the time called <caps> <caps> .
computers can help us explore far away places that we <month> never go to .
for example they can see pictures of men hitting women or kids killing kids and this sets a bad example .
seems like everything went wrong for this man but he still made it .
we were soaking wet .
but he was unfortunate enough to land on his face .
any person that finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book .
also it leads to being overweight sense your not getting active .
i would think that the architects would have considered all these factors before trying to begin the project .
<caps> dad saw them getting closer and closer to <caps> line so he thought it would be a good idea to scare them away .
the back of the zeppelin would swivel around the mooring mast .
that content times of the year the world around her changed .
because other people should have the right to learn about something if you have already learned it .
it is life and replacing or removing things wont make things easier .
also dirigibles are highly flammable .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for several significant reasons .
we felt very positive with high energy .
at the end of the day there were volleyball tryouts .
thats actually how i met him .
there could have been people in the world who did agree with his thoughts and would have been interested to read them .
it can cause many problems with others .
they were on the way they were in the drive way .
but no one really makes a huge thing out of it .
in my opinion all people will always use the computer because it is the way of life now a days .
being patient means that you are understanding and tolerate .
thats when the phone rang .
one concern was that a way could fall off and fall into the densely populated city below .
it is understandable that some people are offended by the materials showcased in libraries because a library is a place for everyone .
all kinds of stuff is fun .
every other kid got a <num> or above but since i was not use to writing it affected my grade .
<person> said how the door nob fell off .
i was going to die and the lards would pick me clean .
most music should have a positive message to it .
they needed special gear to do it .
you should if you love your child even though its your own choice .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents .
we helped each other get through everything from hard classes to family pets dying .
that is how and why laughter has and is a important part in all and in every relationship to and for everyone .
i would not have found my love for reading if libraries were censored like they are .
the opinions differ throughout the variety of different people across <location> .
on the day of <date> was the day that i will laugh about for the rest of my life .
using a computer can lead to <caps> thefts .
do not take the opportunity for a child to learn what really matters away .
then i went to bed again .
and <caps> you type in the most romantic spot in somers <caps> should come up with a bunch of spots .
students freedom to read what they desire should be the policy of all schools and libraries
my <caps> year of high school started off less favorable than most .
the constantly shifting winds would make it hard to stay landed unless they were weighed down .
that is how the different settings effected the cyclist .
i was trying to keep calm while giving her directions in a very giggly manner .
in my life there has been many times were i have been patient and times when have hot been patient .
my mother got home and <caps> was nothing to say .
the second you leave my puppies alone they will so eat everything .
he was exhausted and could not go on without water .
maybe <caps> was my sense of wanting superiority as well .
taking a book away from a library shelf can decrease of knowledge from someone that might need that information .
there are many different kinds of skateboards the people who skate them ride them different .
having a computer you could do a lot of homework .
all of the changes that would have to be made would add up to over sixty thousand dollars .
<percent> of all people found out about their job on a computer .
another good reason why computer are good for people is that it helps your interact with your friends and family <caps> you cant see them .
so i just played my <caps> .
we knew there was no way that a little fight like that was going to stop us from being friends .
it was also very dangerous that the blimps would fly so low over an urban area .
people like to listen to music on their <caps> or <num> while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it .
the door swung open it was my dad and not for behind him was my mom .
in past experiences i have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting .
so the doctor was <num> minutes late .
they had a dock with a very big <caps> nice boat .
my obsessive compulsive mother made me change clothes at least thirty times before she deemed me presentable enough to meet the man whose existence i was beginning to despise .
i screamed in my mind .
a significant reason to the failure of the mast was the issue of safety because the dirigibles were highly flammable .
computers effect people in so <caps> positive ways .
to be able to easily have a conversation with someone miles away is a sign of tremendous advancement .
life would be sad and depressing if there was no such thing as laughter .
then he goes to <num> hour science and there is a lab with partners .
in the passage the author provided a good mood .
for others you might have to wait years .
i could not even describe how dumb i felt .
books need to be censored in school libraries because some children <month> be too immature to handle the subject matter within the books pages .
if the libraries but the wrong things on the shelves they might end up in a law suit .
as the newer and improved one came out in stores my mom was able to buy it .
you can research people and places and or get pictures .
these children are exploring the literature world to learn and grow .
so after all that what i think patience is .
the liberties and freedoms of <caps> citizens should not be taken away because of something that is thought to be inappropriate .
at that point there would be no turning back .
my mom called her friend that lived down the street to come and give us a boost .
my mom came in my room with a big box .
some obstacles the builders faced during the construction of the empire state buildings mooring mast was that the building was not stable enough to be able to moor an airship .
also it could mean the test to adjust to her new home when the spring comes .
the builders of the empire state building faced quite a few obstacles in making a dirigible docking stations .
patience someone was patient with me when i did not understand something .
books are for any reader that decides they want to go to that world .
one day my brother and i were at the mall looking for a hat to buy .
everyone finds something offensive .
so therefore he knew he was in trouble .
waiting to use some thing .
i say this because not all the time will you me to do something to do .
many of your friends or even your family will know what type of person you are and how silly you can get to be sometimes .
the mood created by the author was very happy .
<caps> computers are not a very good electronic if kids are not getting their homework done because of <caps> .
the phrases in parenthesis portrait to me a loving mood .
the second problem was the dirigible itself .
then he got some water at a bathroom and it was all better .
a final obstacle was nature .
so if we take away the offensive material we would never get to learn more about <caps> or know where <caps> came from .
smeared makeup <caps> deflating hair .
this proves that no matter who or what you follow there is always a possibility of death from any circumstances .
this caused the cyclist to become tired because after riding up and down your body gets tired .
they shook their head yes hooked up the car and a way we went .
she wanted to drowned out the sound of <location> farts .
the line to get are tickets was long but not to long .
any thing in moderation is okay .
we all yelled together and the laughter ensued .
this letter will effect others so thanks for reading .
a couple minutes later i got my order .
the added weight would stress the frame of the building .
<caps> in the neighborhood cared for each other even if they were a different race .
disturbing covers and titles are littered throughout the library .
people wish they could close their eyes and it would all be over .
i had just moved to <location> during the <date> so i was nervous about the new school just like any kid would be .
the puppy was ecstatic to see my mother so she peed all over the linoleum floor .
<person> was very patient in his basketball career .
not only was there an existing law that forbid airships to fly too low over urban areas .
the last reason why i support advances in technology is because computers can help us with our reading and hand-eye coordination skills .
computers are an excellent way of teaching hand-eye coordination .
the obstacles made happened because they failed to fully look over their plan .
i was getting to the point where i had to get up and walk around or i was going to fun asleep .
i believe that people spending to much time on computers can effect their health and the relationship they have with friends and family .
she cant alway be dwelling in the past but learn to like where she lives now .
hood below the infamous snow dome .
they said to watch him and see if any wounds would come out of their stitches .
they can help contact friends and family from all over the world .
make sure your green stays in your wallet .
the author of this memoir put a mood to it .
libraries can have an affect on your everyday life because of how calming and soothing it can be .
a few years ago my little cousin was watching a movie with me that was rated <caps> .
<caps> the poem the author speaks of his parents with great admiration .
lets say someone wants to talk to a friend or relative that lives far away in another country .
the last obstacle was that it was a law that airships could not fly too low over urban areas .
the second main reason was winds from nature itself .
websites can contain information that working people need .
computers are very helpful at learning new things .
the laughter is in remembrance of him .
it took patience <date> wait for football .
the plant blooming makes her happy and reminds her of her grandmother .
the building would also have to be strengthened to hold the dirigible which would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
it could also make him be more angry at the old men because they led him on this pointless journey .
there are many reasons how the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
that is a problem that the one person or group of people will have to live with .
another example is if you had to find some information on you new dog .
this would make building very difficult because everything would get blown around .
<caps> might of wrote this because the story could relate to other people who moved from another country and have something that brought back memories .
we need to put more true history stuff in them an make them where you want to watch them we could be teaching kids more stuff so they know .
the two others will be about your friends and family .
the issue to with is do you think that people are spending to much time on the computer or not .
you know that and the people who make computer sites know that .
every kid likes to play on the computer .
without these sites there might be less divorces and more happy ending fairy tales .
scientist say computers have positive effect on people .
<caps> her name had come from .
immediately my parents chuckle because my grandmother has never been funny .
it is human nature to fear the unknown .
it was illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area -says the author on paragraph <num> .
<person> was speechless as he handed her the bouquet .
placing these certain materials in their own section is the best way to go to benefit everyone .
winds at the top of the building were shifting due to air currents .
what are we going <caps> .
anyone with eyes could see that we were becoming close friends .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show the hope that nature brings to her .
but when they read a book about a kid there age getting kidnapped they <month> understand more clearly on the whys in life .
i was very proud of myself for being patient and calm during those <num> minutes .
paper burns at <num> degrees <caps> .
there were many obstacles that got in the way of landing dirigibles on the empire state building .
parents today are not as in sync with what their children do as they were in recent years .
even though we are the reason why books and other things are brought into libraries today .
i think computers have a good effect on people .
the single thing that i believe has made our relationship closer because of laughter was the three weeks she stayed in my room .
harmful things need to be removed from everything .
there was two hour and thirty minutes left .
i understand the fact that some people take things offensively .
libraries have many books for you to choose from and you can pick which book you want to check out .
long distance phone calls cost a lot .
this probably happens after a hard day at school or work you can come home use the computer to play some music and relax .
this pretty much shows how computers are not so great for people all the time .
wind on top of the building shift constantly caused by violent air currents .
when your supposed to be vacationing in <location> .
a third mood in the memoir is love .
our children need to learn <caps> go out and exercise an hour a day .
<caps> already bad enough that they hear <caps> from family members or <caps> near them .
it shows he has love for anyone who comes close to him .
so thats why they have there on area to be in .
for examples my <caps> <caps> pictures of my baby cousins so people can see how their growing up .
a good way it to watch the movie and learned from it .
so you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones .
another reason why not to remove the reading materials is because it <month> make other reads feel like they are not alone .
others just want to have the freedom to read what they want to read .
they all looked at the pie in awe as we took it out and started slicing it .
once we had them we had to walk back to the locker room .
then we went outside .
i think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids .
i have seen as definite decline in family enrollment .
if its in a public library let it be read people and children shall be free to anything in the library unless other wise consented by a parent .
i have had problems with this before .
i remember my mom swiveling in her seat to look at me and ask what was wrong .
like how these people got there dream home and this was it .
this gives the author confidence that she too can make it through her hardships to thrive .
what chic-cursing out loud in front of the baby .
parents are possibly some of the biggest advocates of library censorship .
another example is a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen .
if your on the computer a lot you are sitting around and a lot people eat while they are on the computer .
i know that because i am driven to the world of computers .
the <caps> line is that computers are very helpful .
one time my friend <person> was at my house and we were playing halo .
lastly something you can do is buy music on the computers .
thats <caps> she asked me what was wrong .
this made going without water much harder as well as he gazed at the picture of the boy who was drinking juice .
i think that if a book shows very offensive things they should be banned from everyone no matter what .
my brother decided to make a bet with <caps> .
i could do it and sure enough i could .
there are many key parts in a relationship .
this shows the old man could be wrong and places can change .
an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
she simply understood that <caps> wanted to check out and return one .
the cyclist first had determination to get to his destination .
laughter really is the shortest distance between two people .
that will not stop me with helping my friends in the future .
my cousin <caps> is from <location> .
at least not what a normal person would consider to be your typical assignment .
it also helps us do better on projects .
laughter burst out as the inspected target was completely in disarray .
libraries and schools should allow children and teenagers to learn and grow .
they turn people into low life scums and criminals .
i think that all computer have positive effects on people .
you can get some weights and exercise in your room .
so i got up and talked to someone i know could help me out of the dumps .
the second obstacle was not so easily solved .
a dirigible would only be held by one cable .
so you might as well make good use with it .
that day turned out to be very nice and fun .
so read on to hear more .
nothing in this world exists without opinions .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is .
his parents got home about a minute after we calmed down which we also found extremely funny .
instead you can exercise .
is this good for people is what there doing affecting there health and physical activity .
in real-life situations you <month> only have a few seconds to react .
<caps> explains the positive things about his home and where <caps> grew up .
items in the library are items that you can choose to check out or choose to not check out .
during school kids have projects and without computers .
we get yelled at once or twice to go back to bed .
this line also describes the mood as very calm and loving because he is extremely grateful for the life his parents gave him .
libraries contain many helpful and entertaining materials for people of all ages .
also the law said that the airships could not fly too low over a city .
computers also benefit our society because they are like big cellphones with a huge keyboard .
she love mickey mouse .
its not healthy to be on the computer for long periods at a time .
finally <num> hours passed and we made it to <location> .
the information that people find would probably help them find were a store is or a number for a restaurant .
there is also no risk of anyone reading your mail .
my conclusion is that with computer you could have a better life .
instead you can type it quick and use spell check .
he needs to use more energy to get over the hills .
she kept say how much she was thankful for having such great parents and a great house .
he also says i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
you cant read a book on the computer and even <caps> you could it is not as fun as turning the pages of a beautiful paperback or hard-covered book .
sleep and then hit the road the next day .
i was starting to mad .
he starts off his journey with the advice of a short cut from old men .
i think people should spend more time with their families and their friends then spending it on the computer .
we stayed down on the beach near the cave for hours just saying our good byes .
from my own knowledge and views of the world i will give you my argument on censorships and how they effect libraries .
also the law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
mine has a ruby in it .
we were coming home from <location> .
nothing unrated about that .
some can be offensive to someones race or religion .
it also helped that he was holding my hand under the table .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
i think that computers are very helpful .
computers can be fun and you can learn an abundant amount of information but as long as you smart about using it .
show i was ran because it was a hour left .
i always wished that i could go back in time and relive <caps> childhood .
all four of us were hanging out that day .
these are just a examples how moderation could be very helpful to everyone .
one obstacle that the architects faced was the stress the cable tether would put onto the buildings foundation .
i saw a girl walking in with her dad who you could tell had forced her to go to the class .
as you can see in the <location> we need improved hand-eye coordination and <caps> could do many positive things for the country .
we were astounded of how many people were their .
i say we spread the good word about computers and let every one know how awesome they are .
he lost them from a lot of different ways .
this is just an example of unneeded information and skills that keeps people wanting to go back on the computer .
the way the dirigibles stays up in the air is it uses hydrogen instead of helium yet hydrogen is extremely flammable .
having to tie up the dirigible to the building would be illegal .
another thing was that it was illegal for airships to fly over too low over urban areas .
i think the author put that in the story to show that she has not given up .
i felt like nobody wanted to be my friend or hang out with me .
i think people should not spend so much time on the computer .
in the memoir <person> by <person> a mood is created throughout the story .
as i scanned the seats it became apparent to me that i needed to try to make new friends or live out my fourth grade career a loner .
i was the most amazing thing i have ever seen .
they need to let others make the decision when it comes to getting their books .
that flower had given her hope .
i am always patient and when it pays off i am always happy .
you could also play any board games such as monopoly too .
one that you can get in trouble for being impatient and get a step .
laughing is the key to our happiness its what made me and her closer its a main key point to any relationship .
books about the past help people understand what to do different for the future .
laughing is the part of the day where you can do whatever you want .
which gave me something to do .
with this enormous dirigible in the air and the wind blowing around would hurt the buildings structure .
instead of complaining about violence in movies and sex on <caps> you can make a decision simply to <caps> watch that kind of show .
that is why i am here .
throwing what that book says about black people in a young black womans face .
people are mature enough to be able to handle offensive material .
i believe that reading and the ability to express oneself through the powers of music is a very essential part of our lives .
thats exactly what i did and i got my game .
i do not think that they will take the books off of the shelf because of it being offensive .
my legs refused to walk as they shuddered violently .
he speaks of the innocence of childhood and the gratitude for the spirit of generosity impressed upon him at a young age .
the snake caused the cyclist to be afraid which added to the fact that the cyclist was dehydrating .
yes we do live in a world where everyone is judged by how they .
people that do not think they are offensive will read them .
more public places should start a system of them .
people have different cultures and beliefs .
in the setting there are no cars and no buildings meaning no help .
we have strange feeling when the other is hurt or might be hurt by someone or something .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that family is very important .
so a few days later we went to get my blood checked .
mine is low but this one time i was tolerant and kept calm .
that she is going to achieve so that her mother can be proud of her and to show herself she is trying to make a effort .
another benefit from the computer is that it is great for organizing things .
computers are good and bad at the same time .
<num> out of <num> people use the computer every single day and <num> out of <num> people be up there chatting with young little girls and boys .
the the type of person you could see wielding a yard stick as a deadly weapon .
i intrigued him as well .
many stupid pancakes were said and spread all over her kitchen .
now magazines on the other hand can be taken either way .
that could make anyone feel uncomfortable .
now she wants to wait to see that flower grown so when she takes the drivers test again .
well once again she was wrong .
everyone has access to the library in your district and can look at anything that is there .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i think that we should have offensive materials on the shelfs in libraries .
computers let people interact with each other .
she walks home and finds a hibiscus .
the world of music has evolved so much over the past decades of time .
no one wants to be that way .
that was the day i was patience .
cultures come in a variety we can learn about all of them from the comfort of our own home .
they will stop inviting you places .
to me the sound of his laughter was a sign of his happiness and that was just priceless .
surging winds would not allow the airship to maintain its course and the ship would be blown erratically around the mast .
computers are often helpful to those with special needs .
all of these reasons contributed to why docking dirigibles would come with many obstacles .
those are the affects the features of the setting had on the cyclist .
that can disappear in a instant .
there was a law that that stated that airships cant fly to low to urban areas .
laughing is one of the things we do best .
i will give you guys a <percent> discount .
they have a critical knocking on their front door .
in relieving her mother in the task of planting the seed that she had bought she began to mature .
throughout the memoir he describes his parents like heroes and thanks them for everything they did for him .
i do not believe that people should be able to remove books from shelfs just on their specific personality .
there are even on-line dating sites and matchmakers .
this is my third reason why children should not we spending more time on computers .
all these safety troubles and violations would all together make the mooring an impossible feat .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the wait ended up being a bit longer .
i could tell he had been up late because he had dark circles under his eyes and he had forgotten to shave that <time> .
this is a time i was patient .
being able to talk .
there are many forms of entertainment in the world today .
surprising enough a majority of the indecent language can be found in the young adult section .
there so many different ways you can do it to .
another one was to explore and go on a hike to see what is out there and just have a good time .
i repeated myself <caps> we were both laughing .
for example i have no patience whatsoever so i cant deal with anyone younger than <num> years old .
it was here where i learned the real definition of family .
what first appeared to be a worthwhile and realistic idea ended up being potentially horrific if it failed .
he needs something because there was another town <num> miles down the road so he has to find something to keep him going .
if you have messy handwriting and its getting harder and harder for your teacher to read then you can just learn how to type it up on the computer .
this is a perfect way for communication and business .
computers effect a lot of people .
computers are essential to our culture .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i remember the time i got my new puppy we had to be patient .
also just like checking out a book how you have to take a test over it called reading counts .
taking the <caps> to <caps> everyone will read a book in their lifetime at some point in their life .
in my personal opinion i do <caps> think that they should have to be taken off the shelf or from being sold .
please consider my opinions the right way .
the kind of laugh that the teacher has to hush everyone .
books like that usually deal with bad things .
this affected him because he had to work harder and had less water to pick him up .
we estimate <percent> of this next generation will be legally blind before age <num> .
i personally think they are brain-washing us and pretty soon the world is going to be one giant computer .
here are some reasons why you should get a computer for your family .
the best thing you can do is put it down and think to yourself that it is not directed towards you .
every other child in the world has done something similar .
the mood created by the author in this memoir would probably be gratefulness .
i set my stuff down on the chair in the corner of the room and we feasted .
spires as well made the drop impossible for them to approach also in case of puncher .
another great thing about them is that you can communicate with them .
if you are not patient things will only get worse .
i learned to do something else while waiting .
books are meant for learning and for pleasure not to try to offend anyone .
then even more would come .
<caps> was sitting in the corner chair where i had set my stuff .
he used to weigh over <num> pounds .
so you got my opinion on censorship and i hope it helped you out to look at this situation better or clearer .
one of the obstacle courses having the blimp sit on top of building .
i know i have at least one point and time in my life .
hunting is something that many might think as just sitting around doing nothing .
yeah those can be taken out of the library .
the cyclist thought for sure that he was going to die out there .
i maneuvered down the hill .
people can use computers for almost everything for one their are hundred of websites on the computer .
the library is a place where our free will comes into play .
this made it illegal for a dirigible to even approach the mast .
used hydrogen which is more flammable than helium .
another time where computers are handy is at tax time .
now <caps> was get bigger .
the next day was not as hard .
if people do not like the books in the library then they should not go to the library to get books .
the line i had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly shows that he is drinking a lot of water and is running low .
that is why i think the author tried to create a sense of wonder with the final paragraph .
opposing ideas should be presented .
computers are harmful to our society .
so say you do take that piece of material off that shelf or off the display .
we do that until we both end upon the couch again .
that means that they want to be something when they grow up .
thats why the computer
even if the dirigibles successfully docked at the top of the building the back end of it would be thrashing around from the wind .
it was impossible to keep the dirigibles from moving because the wind was so violent .
he talked about how grateful he was that his parents selflessly came to <location> to give their child a better life .
my mom told it will only take two minutes .
the last reason the dirigibles should not be moored at the empire state building was because of a law that prohibited airships flying flying too low over urban areas .
also she is grateful that the simple place she lives in feels like a home .
the next day you get your paper back and theres a a stamped right across it .
and why would computers stop people from doing that .
friends are one of the most important people we have in life .
i was counting down the days .
giving people facts about faraway places .
the first time is at the dentists office when i have to wait to get my teeth cleaned .
in one case a girl actually killed because of nasty messages posted about her .
it takes time to have patients and you can not always be in a hurry .
your family is much more important than a silly computer game .
mop the floor with his opponent .
this quote i think shows very well that the author is creating a happy mood in his memoir .
racism is one of the biggest conflicts in the world today .
my patience meter went down after <num> minutes i finally got to get a sub .
at least the building was air conditioned .
we decided to stay for one more hour and then we left to go home .
we talked and hung out .
the reason we now have shows on <caps> about people with weight and health problems can relate very much so back to the negative effect on people .
they might think that it should be removed from everywhere .
this means that <num> years from now the world addiction to computers could be at <percent> or greater .
and each time we got bites but we never caught any fish .
the first thing you could do is learn .
their family provided warmth and care for everyone who needed it .
they know better than to start fights or cuss in school .
i was helping my grand ma can .
another positive effect computers have for you is that adults can pay bills and finances on the computer also .
if i had a library i would sell just about anything i could .
laughing can direct you straight to a persons soul .
nine out of <num> schools use computers on a daily basis and their community is still fine .
you just cant do this because what if another persons wants that book and they can not have it .
i believe that there should never be a piece of literature completely banned from public eye .
there were also no people around to help him or give him water .
we ended up going to some cheap hotel and spending the only cash we had .
then l starting to stare at the office ladies typing away on their computers .
this way information is never censored completely .
but excessive daily use of computers is causing doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel crop up .
many people also speed up their word by using the computer .
which this means slow down or you will have an accident .
there are three reasons why i do not agree .
certain people would find some things more offensive than other people .
a cruel thing to add in the essay was when it read the speed limit was 55 mph .
the computer not only connects stores and businesses but also people to people .
most of that time can be used to exercise .
everybody in my family is fun and <caps> always make me laugh .
even if from a simple joke to something that was unbelievable that hap-end to make a grate event in time to share on in history of family members .
when i cant go outside because of the weather i get on my computer and play video games .
<caps> one was there either .
all of these things contributed to the mooring mast not ever becoming successful .
<person> grades have dropped tremendously and he has gotten very chubby compared to what he used to look like .
i ganged like ten pounds .
laughing with the person will let them know that we are interested in their subject and we understand them .
this is why i think .
and we all had a really great time doing it too .
battery eats at skin just like the setting is eating at the cyclist .
there are a lot of bad people in the world but it is mostly because of all the things that people read and see .
without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily .
you can also study food s that people eat and the clothes they wear .
imposing our views upon others can be done just as easily through putting a controversial book on the shelves as it can by taking it off .
i was on the floor curled into a ball trying really hard not to pee my pants when all of sudden i hear this bang sound .
there have been so many drunk driving crashes recently in our nation with children who should not have even been drinking .
i have to earn to get a new phone or a laptop .
this shows that little <person> of the <person> house hold is never out side playing with friends .
she finds something she can depend on in her life that shes never had before .
when the design to make the construct of the plan was complete they begin to face more potential problems .
this is not safe in any way .
people like their options to be open and at a wide range .
it is true that that its pointless to try and censor the lives of kids and teenagers .
everyone enjoys having a computer .
most people spend lots <location> time on the computer and are still healthy and busy with other activities .
like when she first saw the geese flying in a v .
i threw the first water balloon at <location> .
computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything .
the author explains his parents reasons for immigrating with such love and devotion that it is hard to not feel the same way .
what people choose to study in their free time can range from drugs and sex to <caps> .
<caps> was last year when we went looking for a dog to adopt .
it felt like an hour had gone by .
what about that is unhappy
when it comes to younger children they are not going to know what to think and believe .
the second obstacle they faced was preparing the building to dock dirigibles .
the author concludes the story like this because it shows how the main character has been effected by the events or happenings in the story .
but i was patient then we went to the game stop .
everyone is different .
a citizens say using the computer is healthy for their social lives and we should use it in moderation .
one of those days where the littlest thing seem to cut the deepest .
three out <organization> four adults who used computers say that they help them with their work and social status .
which means they will most likely stay back .
this was a time in my life where i worried and would dwell on the past .
a convenient way to do this was by using a computer .
i had finally decided to sign up and join the team .
its better safe than sorry .
i use the computer to look how <caps> teams are doing .
or it could be a story base on something that happening to the writer like about a death of a loved <caps> and how to deal with it .
many parents believe that certain material should be banned because it exposes their child to bad morals .
that went till about <num> it was amazing .
the effects on nature and people are horrible .
passengers could even get blown off the open floor of the empire state building .
the plan was <organization> and i were going to pretend to be in a fight and <person> was going to run out of the bushes and pretend to shoot me .
the mood of the story is happy .
must chose to go on <caps> or <organization> rather than opening their books .
there for the wood of the memoir is those two reasons why it is a <caps> mood that the author created .
it is encounters with laughter like this that broke my heart but also gave me a strong motivation towards loosing weight and regaining confidence .
thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places .
you also understand about what to do with offensive books .
i also went to this place called <organization> and i was good friends with one of the kids that was related to them .
oh no theres a accident .
so if they would just take those things off the shelf then nobody would see them and there would be no problems at the libraries .
and they maybe are not going to came back again .
my dad had to get x-rays .
in <person> head he just wanted to blurt out his answer but he knew that this time he was going to at least try to be patient .
the answer should be simple .
it was the practice at the time to control the back of the dirigible with lead weights but over a civilian area this was neither practical nor safe .
one year i found out the my great grandmother died of cancer .
the author created many types of moods in this <caps> .
they came back <num> later .
another obstacle was that the air currents were very rough at the top of the empire state building .
id never been this happy before .
allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to let the reader compare the girl to the geese and the hibiscus .
for one jokes are a great thing fro laughter but it depends on the joke sometimes because some jokes are extremely funny <caps> some or <caps> plain horrible .
you can easily just text her from the computer .
there were also whether problems .
in fact half of the attempted dirigible landings at the empire state building were aborted due to high winds .
and me and my sibling playing catch with a football .
this expressed how dehydrated the summer heat way making him .
my father i have yet to see .
there are many educational websites on computers .
the walk was about three to four miles long .
so i looked up from my drawing .
now all she had to do clean up the rest of the dinner .
the second period leadership students knew exactly what had happened .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
he kept trying over and over again and never gave up .
as people develop their own opinions and views overtime they begin to distinguish the difference between right and wrong .
there were violent air currents that caused constantly shifting winds at the top of the building .
to take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives .
we made it to school and me and <person> start walking to class .
there were tumbleweeds in his way and large poisons snakes .
i was siting down in my seat .
the teacher did not complain about helping me .
in my school there are several students with special needs .
we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who <caps> their jobs on computer .
the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area .
<caps> often say that they are stressed and depressed .
that is why i think that computer can answer your questions .
the best thing to do is let these materials stick around because there is nothing you can do to get them gone from everywhere else .
one of those obstacles was the empire state buildings frame .
there has been a debate weather computers benefit society or hurt society .
if everyone had the same taste in everything this would be a pretty boring world .
the diversity of the world makes it rather difficult to please every person all of the time .
also while your talking you can express your ideas and feelings .
those are some of the obstacles they faced trying to dock on the building .
the setting contributes to the story by raising the intensity of the situation .
my <caps> asked me .
at the end of the hour i finished with it .
just log on and change the price from the luxury of your own home .
i was at a <organization> game .
another obstacle the builders faced was the violent weather at the top of the building .
people say that this music helps them calm their anger down .
these had ganged-up against him in his trip .
i like having patients because it makes you get relaxed and everything .
when i was getting ready to leave my uncles ranch .
the author creates many different moods throughout the memoir .
the trip was made even longer due to some bad directions from some old men .
for example the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
when i got up she was outside .
what kind of influence is that on the children .
another way is a comedy .
many people depend on computers .
those are obstacles that the architects had to go through in order to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building .
even movies and music can be offensive to some people .
putting a ban on certain works could harm the flow of society .
if you are concerned about your children finding books that you do not want them to see then take them to a library with sections .
being on the computer constantly can ruins your life .
music is another form of media that can be found at a library that should be censored .
i believe that this should take place at every library around the world .
one of the biggest concerns is that the freedom of speech is taken away .
it does not bother me when they do this .
in conclusion people who wish to view certain material should be able to do so as i had previously stated .
finally the idea violated a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
this is an example of how censorship works .
i was loosing my patients .
it had snowed the <time> but it was only <date> .
she bought a hibiscus and went home .
one of the most important reasons against allowing the dirigible to dock there is because it could easily catch on fire .
you should not teach you children off of things like that it will make them want to do things without thinking or considering what is really going on .
my mom replayed because its so boring siting here for four hours strait .
computers also can teach you how to speak a language .
most dirigibles used hydrogen which was highly flammable .
when try outs came i was really nervous .
computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can .
twilight shows the softer side of love and that anyone can be happy if they set their hearts on someone .
<caps> can tell that the author wants <caps> to also feel grateful .
man must know his foundation and where he comes from .
computer let people see pictures and videos .
his parents had the courage to persevere through new weather and financial struggles .
the theme of the story is that you can get used to a new environment by finding beauty in it and similarities to your old home .
i could drop from a heatstroke .
teacher teach me how to try my shoes .
parents send messages via email to their children at college .
laughing makes me feel satisfied and happy .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
just non-hurtful things .
<caps> takes two seconds .
laughter will always bring people to relationships .
its offensive to parents with young children who visit libraries .
computers can also be very dangerous .
it is like a phone just not .
be packed and ready .
computers solve problems that some people might not now about .
i would close my eyes and sleep for about four minutes at a time and eventually stopped trying .
the last issue was an existing law that prevented airships from flying to low in urban areas .
computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact .
in the text is say it can make through the cold months .
not to mention my broken t .
then he saw that it was abandoned and he lost all hope .
bloody video games and hateful song lyrics can encourage animosity towards others in children .
its as simple as that .
the younger children of our time right now need to be influenced the proper way .
you can have <caps> and download musics to something or go to web sites that have musical on them .
all she could do was laugh along .
i never wanted to be patient because it never worked for me .
i usually try to pass the time by having snow ball wars with my cousins .
my relatives live very far away and we cant afford the long distance phone call charge and so we e-mail them .
many believe that laughter is the key to the start of a great friendship .
and so <caps> waited patiently for weeks .
i was still frightened and was upset that my parents were making me go through this huge change .
certain materials should be removed from the shelves .
pepper that old man always had to have one of those with him no matter what .
even though computers do have pros and cons they have more pros .
he also explained how his parents left .
one reason i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people is because you could get obsessed with it .
a child would not have the opportunity to become an individual with their own opinions and feelings if they were restricted to a one mind track .
after looking around he says .
i was actually surprised when <caps> walked up and started to talk to him like he had known him forever .
removing literature from a shelf should not be permitted just because you think something about it .
his surroundings led him to the state of dehydration .
this <caps> started out like any other <caps> .
this creates a mood of hardship and rough times .
this conversation had been held two weeks ago in the kitchen of the fullers .
the computer is a good way to contact family and friend .
the computer can also teach you hand-eye .
will keep them from that anyway .
there is no reason to only sell what you like .
the colors ricochet from cloud to cloud .
after waiting about an hour i finally got up the courage to tell them what had happened .
everyone on in and have a time .
i hope that you put those reasons in our local paper so every one can see how computers have a positive effect on people .
the whole story had been sad but the ending shows some hope .
if you pay attention to how you are around the people you like the most you will see that most of what you do is make each other laugh .
like <caps> for example .
to laugh when you are depressed .
for as long as people can remember books have been banned for various reasons .
for example in the newspaper i read an article about our current president .
so i waited and waited and on and on it seemed like forever .
perfect opportunity for me to learn something not related to art .
a quote proving this is i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
books are known to do this to people .
that person might take offense to these commercials .
the author also writes .
we stayed there for <num> or <num> nights .
they would be dangling high above pedestrians .
are computers the cause of increased awkwardness in todays society .
these obstacles are what builders of the empire state building faced .
computers are great for everything .
computers can help kids with homework .
on are way there my sister <person> was acting like she was on the titanic she had the dress and everything .
people are spending too much time on the computer and less with friends or family .
learning about places is very important because you could get lost .
this understanding that was taught to him had a large impact on his life at that time .
one final obstacle was the danger of hydrogen dirigibles in general .
i <caps> i sure would not .
you disconnect yourself from your family .
they went by us with caution so i got the gun ready .
so it all started that morning we had woke ate breakfast and took our shower and put on our clothes did our hair .
played outside and just kind of sat on a crouch until <num> .
this is why i think bout the books and magazines etc .
where he is riding there is up and down hills also the road is very rough .
there is nothing that can be done its over with .
this <caps> the mood is loving because he is <caps> close to people in his life from everything that has happened to him .
books and encyclopedias are great sources but the computer has so much to offer .
she found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home .
we are able to learn things quicker by using computers .
welcome <location> just sit down i will be with you shortly the teacher says .
when i went to the doctors me and my mom wait patient for a long time .
after she said that i was angry at her and stomped to my room .
some <month> see this as dangerous because you could be chatting with a complete stranger .
it was making very sexual references and had many curse words in it .
computers allow you to open up the to all people .
the amount of time put into gaming .
also it was dangerous for dirigibles that ran on hydrogen to dock because hydrogen is highly flammable .
i remained not moving and completely silent like a stone gargoyle .
but is it not our actions that follow seeing such misfortunes that determine who we are .
for example if you are in <caps> school and you are deciding what college that you should go try the a great place that you can go to get information .
or it will help someone find their lost pet .
my cousin and i watching the video remembering our memories made us laugh from what happened to both of us .
if they trust their children with these materials then that is their choice .
but using the computer with homework and school work will make it where you can make sure your work is correct .
for the fifth paragraph that i agree that people should not be able to get off of computers .
you and i both know that every one needs a <caps> .
i think that the reason why we were laughing was because we were doing dumb stuff .
i told him that i was sad .
today in the media there are many things that can be found offensive .
after the ceremony <person> and i threw a party .
it is the final closure and will most likely be remembered by the reader .
but after <caps> finished talking thanked <caps> for being patient and they all spent the weekend at <caps> house .
as we arrived at our fishing spot i noticed that we were not at a lake but a large river .
the mooring mast would not work in that environment unless the back of the dirigible were weighted down with lead weights .
but there are new things that she is becoming used to .
a <caps> <caps> for me laughter is a huge part of life .
and that is the mood of the story .
being able to enjoy yourself is pride and you should feel better about yourself .
go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family .
so what i am saying here is that if you find something offensive then fix it instead of letting it bother you every day of you life .
then i will take that test again .
all they care about is their own family .
you like to see people smile and laugh .
i do not think that any books should be taken out of libraries because they are found offensive .
i needed back up though .
i would not want to go to a place that did not look eye catching .
it was after my birthday and i had wanted pink <organization> shoes .
one obstacle was the fact that dirigibles contain highly flammable gases .
the <caps> can help a student pass school .
i think they are a great addition to society though .
these people get made at that and they will just give up .
well <caps> not this article gives you information about all of this .
communication has evolved so much in the past <num> years .
this could potentially lead to the buildings collapse is due to the strain .
my imaginary friend is a <caps> user in my imagination .
it also just has an informal tone to that paragraph .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the features are what cause the climax of the story .
the setting was not in the cyclists favor .
people get these ideas because of movies .
i showed the determination she had in overcoming her problems with living in a new place .
i believe that there should be a very limited selection that children can see .
when a movie is made and it is <caps> <caps> or is offensive to someone then people just do not go and see that movie .
laughter brings people together and creates bonds that will last a lifetime .
by then <caps> dad had come to his senses and apologized to both of us .
if exposed to the sun and heat long enough you can get a sunburn or suffer a heat stroke .
the story is about a time i was patient .
he was really hungry and his mom was a slow cooker .
that is exactly <caps> happened that night i regret .
so if we removed every movie that offended him what would be left .
the plant is symbolic of her progress because her growth is like the plant .
there had been times before when heated discussions left the stress levels in our section so <caps> <caps> made <caps> hard to breath right .
he also loved being with his family .
try something else such as an adult section .
i came in the class and two <caps> introduces us to each other .
having no water to replenish your body will make you weak and unstable .
it was <num> and <caps> appointment was at <time> .
in the end these two obstacles would be too great .
<caps> the security guard .
the adult must be <num> or older .
that was the time i was patient .
so many people all over the world have computers .
but this is what i think is right
this quote shows his love and pride for his culture .
i cant tell you how many times i have used the computer to research .
according to an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
this is clearly a happy thing to happen .
the last reason for censorship is it keeps people interested .
i can feel the three thousand mile scab on my heart reopen and it bleeds as though i am leaving all over again .
the child goes to her older sister for help to find a different book .
at electronic stores computer games are sold .
there has been incidents where that person did something illegal and then had to face the harsh consequences for that action .
so with a computer <caps> nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch .
as i step outside i feel the cool air kiss my cheeks .
the other reason practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
then the doctor walks in or dentist all there is is waiting and waiting .
clearly this is inappropriate behavior for a child .
the first skill we could learn is typing .
she will wait for the winter to pass so that she can pass the test .
school systems are taking away that right by not allowing them to have a certain book in a school .
there are plenty of other reasons in this world needed for laughter .
brings everything back full circle .
we were leaving the house when i realized i forgot something .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i had to baby sit my cousin <caps> while his room pack up cause they were making back to <location> .
in the constitution is states that you have freedom of speech and that means you can express it anyway you choose .
it also says that as the buds grow so will she .
trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state .
adults get offended to so would we take all of their resources away also including the newspaper .
there is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and as far as advances in technology this is only the beginning .
this is also a thing that yet children have the ability to read about .
<caps> this is true .
is a very happy and grateful mood .
computers can be helpful and distracting at the same time .
the things they cannot read are censored .
in the last sentence of the memoir he says i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
another obstacle was that there is a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
there is really no reason for them to looking at it at all .
not something that you are going to want to explain to your child .
they <month> even lose their kid or the house that they live in because someone wanted to act all big and bad to be popular in school .
but i do believe that you should be able to publish anything that you want over any topic .
the final nail in the coffin to this plan was that there is a law for bidding airships to fly too low over urban areas .
when the empire state building was constructed it ran into many problems attempting to dock dirigibles there .
adults in this day and age need music to survive is what they commonly say .
i woke up just like any other day happy yet lacking sleep .
com and get a great answer .
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people .
nature presented a huge setback in terms of docking dirigibles .
they struggled both personally and financially .
this kind of stuff needs to be open to everybody no matter the age .
a time when i was patient was when my mom went to go buy me a new pair of shoes .
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist sees many different settings when he left it was early summer and it was pretty hot outside .
but the good thing is you can customize you page so that wont happen .
we waited for about <num> minutes until the <caps> came and called us in .
hanging out with the family is something everyone should love .
that would be a horrible experience for a young child to have .
not go and try to get it shut down .
like he does it never does happen .
i turned out that their short cut was wrong .
this was one of the many trouble there was for dirigibles to land on the empire state building .
in the memoir many moods were expressed .
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message .
some times being patient has rewards .
he still tends to show off .
one of these <caps> being the air currents at the top of the building .
also the cyclist was lost because of the old men directions that got him know where because there directions were out of date .
to completely alienate these books is extremely unfair to the time that was put into them .
i know the other day i saw a really mean comment that made me feel bad for the victim .
what if you need to type an essay what do you do then .
when kids check their e-mails they are probably trying to see if their parents wrote them .
when he saw the building he was relived but when he found out it was abandoned he was sad .
i was glad too because i was tired .
anyone who can sacrifice like that for the better life of their family is a good person .
<person> and i were together basically every day and every night .
later that day we rode the <caps> the first ever built standing coaster i was scared again the wait was <num> hours long .
in said novel society has outlawed all books .
i think that we should not even censor the content because i feel like that is making people wanting to know why they censored it in the first place .
the people who fight for what they believe in would need a lawyer .
because they cant think of anything else to do with their lives .
then it can give a better communication to others that lives farther away from you .
some people freak out every easy and this world is every offensive and people need to think about other people .
<caps> felt like <caps> had taken <num> minutes to just walk to the drinking fountain .
i grabbed a fishing rod and went into the backyard .
so if he were to get hurt or sick no one would have been able to help him .
why should people change cause other people cant handle what the stuff has on it .
not even the people that publish the songs and put then on the radio .
computers make you become become smarter .
the first obstacle the builders encountered was the dirigible ability to dock on the building due to the buildings structure .
this whole essay brings me back to the thought that censorship is basically conformism .
being happy in a relationship makes it last a long time .
s dirigibles were using hydrogen instead of helium which is highly flammable .
no one is ever going to be able to control what our youth see .
the author explains how he has been telling his parents of how much more courageous their plan was then his would have ever been .
it was pretty scary to me .
i think computers are good what about you .
if you did then your thinking about the positive side and not the negative .
just like how i talk to people about a band we both love .
the doctor moved my foot around .
it also includes the not-so-nice content that will be present in the movie .
laughter is an important part of my family .
that is why laughter should be in everyones life as they are growing up .
if someone is to write and publish a book then someone will want to read it .
families also are distant form each other when they sit around on <caps> .
it going to come up close and then it walks as slow as possible and you just have to go with it .
the cyclist had nowhere to go to get help .
this made the builders have to modify the frame .
the abandoned places make him lose hope .
its people who chose not to fill there lives with the joy of laughter .
the builders of the empire state building ran into a lot of problems involving the dirigibles .
are removed from shelves then <location> is not practicing <caps> it preaches to the many of people who come here in search of freedom .
libraries could even have a restricted section that warns readers about the content of material in the books in that specific area .
they also find them in libraries and the more they read the more they want to do because they are influenced very easily .
its been proven that computers cause memory loss .
there is also an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
all of a sudden <caps> slipped and the ice cracked .
as days went around the end or the year was she noticed she had two problems .
picking up my flute i began my solo .
this is a strong reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
the sight of the boy with a refreshing glass of juice makes the cyclist lose hope and he doubts he will survive .
the author says how he cant put his grateful feelings into words but is completely in their debt for taking such a big risk in coming to <location> .
some other advantages of computers are the computers functions .
being able to be giddy and joyful with someone close to <caps> is a sign of comfort .
just like video games only a certain age group could play the game because of the things they do in the game .
this affects him because cant get water from the well .
what made this really funny was that his grandma was getting mad .
we had nothing better to do .
<caps> had to wait an entire half hour while <caps> talked and argued with his mother .
we know their were many hills because in the text it says .
the song inspired many of the famous singers you <caps> know .
i think patient is when some one is able to wait and not complain .
the mood overall is admiration .
thats the part i was wrong about .
people should give every type of music at least a try and not always doubt what they hear about what people say about that type of music .
some kids will look back to these days wondering how much time they wasted on nothing .
the cyclist was determined and confident he could make this journey .
computers allow us to conduct business with foreign countries without having to go there .
m y hand strikes the ball .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer .
i do believe they are very handy .
when the dirigibles would dock violent air currents would cause the back of the airship to swivel round and round the mooring mast .
i hope you take into consideration not removing these types of things from libraries and anywhere else
she also seemed a bit overwhelmed by the thought of home .
the author also teaches you to always have a positive attitude to get success .
people value many different things and we need to give others an opportunity to explore what else there is .
there are many reasons that the books should stay on the shelves .
based on the excerpt it shows in some ways there were obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles or blimps to dock there .
the authors parents gave up everything to come to <location> for their soon to be child .
also telling people what you are doing every moments of your day everyday is kind of unreal .
there were many problems and the landing of a dirigible on the empire state building never happened .
i am a people person and i can get along with anybody .
you could try using phones but yet the long-distance fees have sky-rocketed over the past <num> years .
he was getting tired quick .
we make our students come involved in technology .
this is showing the readers confidence he has with himself before starting his trip .
she would spend days on end on the computer .
another thing computers allow us to do is check the news .
i believe the computer is critical for success and happiness in life .
the computer is great if you have to do research .
i could never be as patient as she was teaching those people .
i am very much against censorship .
it was a great day got to wear my new swim suit and got to also play with my new floaty toys i got .
another obstacle they endured was the fact that the hydrogen gas used in the dirigible was very flammable .
i felt happy that we finally left <caps> sad .
it helps you to be able to look at the music and have your fingers know where to play .
the most important was the issue of safety because the dirigible would cause chaos if it caught on fire .
<caps> even the elegant music could mask the crowds uproar .
but how can you have an education with out a computer .
movies that can teach them history although there is very graphic content .
she ended up flying off right away .
if we start removing books and everyone removes one then we are going to be left with nothing to learn off of .
some people <month> enjoy reading or watching things that are offensive .
some books or movies could effect the young viewers dramatically .
at that point i was feeling more like a babysitter than a teacher .
we waited for about ten minutes .
i pulled up to the order board and ordered her food .
this debris and snake made him stop because he got scared and slowed him down .
this can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need .
good mood for having a friend thats so <num> creates a mood talking about his parents .
lets just say a husband and wife are watching a movie together .
materials give us resources and we learn new things .
so if you take one thing offensive try another way maybe its a better way for people to understand it .
last year a couple friends and i went to mission ridge for a weekend to go snowboarding .
this means they could be a target to destroy the building .
this is a great way to keep in contact with others .
computers allow you to communicate will people from anywhere in the world .
this quote shows that it is extremely hot and it is affecting his riding .
when we are together its fun .
millions of lives could be made better if libraries pulled off inappropriate media from their shelves
the number one obstacle was safety .
it was a terrible day and all any of us wanted to do was cry .
the way in which the author honors his parents makes the story very enjoyable .
like i told him <num> what i said i was going to do and <num> what i needed to do .
if someone took the time to go out and write and book and make sure that everything about <caps> is correct then why should we stop them from letting people read <caps> .
the terrain in this story is hilly and filled with deserts .
our friendship has always been great with not lying to each other .
it is a way of learning and researching and it would be almost impossible to censor everything there .
in my opinion censorship is alright but only used when needed .
a practical reason why they could not moor was a particular law already in place against air ships flying to low .
think about the <caps> situation that you might come across and can be offensive to you .
before she stops fighting for her life .
many kids who <caps> there homework on computers are very easily distracted .
the excerpt also says that this law would make it illegal for an aircraft to ever tie up to a building or even approach it .
a girl from the other elementary school noticed <caps> loneliness at school and decided to talk to me .
<caps> everyone gets offended .
you are probably wandering how this is and think that i am insane but there are legitimate reasons .
the mood in the memoir changes .
and i ordered my drink and mike was the first one .
dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in back with lead weights .
all the staff new me by then and by now it was harder for me to make my ways out .
she went to her sisters house .
that day i was getting picked up early .
the author was explaining what the boy in the memoir was feeling and felt .
those were some obstacles that builders faced and prevented to making of a mooring mast to let dirigibles to dock at the empire state building .
take them and use them for good you want regret it in the long run .
we heard <person> scream as <person> and i walked into my room .
therefore he was in trouble .
there has been offensive things in a library for as long as i can remember .
the cyclist must have lost hope in <caps> civilization after he found <num> abandoned examples of civilization .
the setting does do a wonderful job of describing his sense of helplessness .
everyone has their own favorite book or genre .
in my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers .
so yes computers have helped us in more ways than one .
it take patience to sit in a gym and watch your friends have fun for an hour and a half .
well i dearly hope your answer benefits the children in <location> .
the mood that was created by the author in the memoir would be i believe love .
it is not like a child will go up to the dirtiest book they can find and say <caps> i want to read that one .
i was patience the whole entire .
in <num> it says that there was an existing law against flying airship above urban areas .
she failed the test at the same day that she got the plant and saw the geese fly over .
what are you going to do well if you stared to type when you were younger by the time you are in the middle school you could type really fast .
one of the coaches .
one of the obstacles faced was when trying to dock on top of the building .
my dad sets up his house as a haunted house .
everyone felt that they could trust each other and have each other over for dinner .
he took some taste of it .
this is how the setting effects the cyclist .
but i still hoped everything would be fine .
safety was the greatest reason that dirigibles could not be docked in <organization> .
so he put it down and walked out .
some people even use the computer for a job .
more people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone .
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
this is what i think should be done with this offensive materials .
one evening when we were sitting on the porch my dad asked if i would like to take a walk .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
<caps> was so embarrassed that we had heard that <caps> had wiped his butt with his hand .
but there was a child in my class who had never seen a <caps> in her life .
music can be so powerful to people and taking it away is not the right thing to do .
one of my most recent examples of the power of laughter happened just a few weeks ago .
i disagree with that opinion .
me and my family were setting up decorations one day for my <num> <caps> .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even approach the area .
another reason why was nature itself .
when freedom of what you read is taken away reader will stop reading .
a winter hibiscus plant .
they can just over look these books and pick another .
the boys laugh was deep and echoed across the train the girls was contagious <caps> sweet .
i then decided to walk to the next stop .
it can be an enjoyment to read to the next person .
some homework requires computers and some colleges are only on the computer so you can stay at home .
so this is one reason that i think a computer is good for .
so i had to pause the show because they cant do anything when the <caps> is on .
ill admit though that i cant help but flirt with him a lot .
the hot sun was making the cyclist sweat .
the baby i mainly took care of took a while to fall asleep .
for instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy .
after we were all done we piled back into each vehicle and got back on the way to <organization> .
we are laughing all the time .
these books do contain language that is not appropriate for children .
the as yet unsolved problems of mooring airships to a fixed mast at such a height made it desirable to postpone .
first they did the three hundred lap race .
some like to go to movies .
one persons opinion is not of any more importance than the next persons .
i discovered this through the coarse of the <date> through many different situations .
if they look for books and can not find a subject that interests them they will not read .
so thank you for listening .
get out and get some fresh air .
it would put too much stress to the building .
the thousand foot dirigible would add stress to the frame of the building .
growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
after <num> minutes i was bored .
just like some of my friends when we play soccer there not patient .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in several ways .
i never knew there were so many ways to say goodbye .
his muscles screamed in protest as the blisters on his heels throbbed in harmony .
good things always come to people that are patient .
the semester went on and we were hanging out more and more and she was the only one i would hang out with sometimes .
and nothing in the memoir said anything about struggling .
we sat in the car for one note hour waiting and waiting and waiting .
all you have to to is go to <caps> .
the computer that i use is a unique computer that was customizable to my liking .
i ordered pizza ahead of time before my parents went to bed .
computers protects you and help you grow .
people of any age should be able to check out any book they please
at one <caps> in left you would have to be patient .
another book that tells of times during slavery is the <caps> of <organization> .
the material or bad material you get out of it is your choice to read .
i do mean he loves to sing .
persuasion is also biased towards one side and you <month> not agree with the side the author chooses .
removing certain materials from the library would not be in good interest .
people are saying that computers have a negative effect on people .
we followed the little path away from the rock towers down to the river .
people talking each other on line is just another way how computers benefit society .
this is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they are making you angry .
<person> was pointing to the door and still laughing .
because this show i realized that computers kinds anti-social divorce between parents go up .
she said girl what did i say .
but many people like talking to someone when they are upset and need a uplift from them .
now in <date> season we are hoping to repeat state champs .
this shows that the plant was not the same because there were also no buds .
she kept on looking and looking .
i could always remember making people laugh and loving the attention i received from humor .
you can use <caps> to find people you need to find .
there are some materials in a library though that could be offensive .
our conversation ended in fury and the disconnection of phones .
i told her to hang up because we had to clean .
i myself have read the <organization> .
we have lots of great books .
but yet he would never get directions from any old-timer again .
<caps> this continues lots of kids will be fit and <caps> .
jack had a lot of patients since <caps> had to watch him every night because his parents worked late .
sometimes i wonder how many brain cells he wastes per second .
it got even worse when it froze up a week later .
fire and people getting hurt on the streets was a big risk they could not make .
during that time to the time the line moved again i had occupied myself by watching people on the <caps> and other rides go by .
school officials have seen a dramatic increase in the typing speed of children since the program was started in <date> .
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offending to certain people .
many things interest different people .
we are always making each other and people around us laugh .
i did not write this to place blame on anyone or to judge people for their beliefs .
then also sex ed books need to be in the library so people can read about it and not just go with what other people say .
at the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years .
there fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people .
the author had an incredible experience and is eternally grateful for having such wonderful parents that she had .
i probably enjoyed that book more than i have any other book that i have ever read in my entire life .
i was patient then because i had to wait until she was born and then i could become a big sister .
to find that what our parents were once reading is restricted should not be an issue .
they save work on their and they use computers to build things .
why on earth did they send this to a school for crying out loud .
overall computers are used everyday in school to either do research or to type up some homework .
i knew i had to say something more .
<month> not be suitable for most young children .
its just that simple .
you should go to your school and tryout for any sport that your good at .
so many teens read that book and found it interesting .
what he means by family is everyone that would come into his apartment and everyone in the building was family too .
its really something else .
last and not least you could hold important files and documents and save yourself the trouble from rushing to work .
i will get on it she said will taking out my breakfast .
there are a couple complications that will arise in censorship on libraries .
a third reason why i think computers are having a negative effect on people is because they are distracting and they waste time .
if you wrote a book and people did this to you how would you feel .
that meant no attempt could ever succeed .
i was scared because my dad jack died on a plane .
we will always have some type of conflict with each other but we will always be there to help the other one out for what ever reason it <month> be .
<caps> was the most taciturn girl in the whole school .
within seconds <caps> screen was <caps> with real and edited pictures of the <caps> flag .
so the whole ride their and back i waited patiently .
when you have patience is when you can do things with ease you can do it without difficulties .
everything in this world can be offensive to somebody .
finally the ghost towns .
she continued to tell me how alone she felt sometimes and how she just always wished she could be with her friends because we always have a good time .
the entire nation had become reliant on computers .
nowadays the computer detracts from the sleep and exercise that the body requires .
she will never know unless they meet us somewhere .
<caps> had big castles and <caps> had a trench all around <caps> .
the reader does not know if she will pass the test next time but assumes that she will because of the way she vows it .
we stayed there all weekend .
<caps> this meant was that you had to be in shape .
quickly i retreated to my room and onto my bed .
violent air currents made it difficult to maneuver a dirigible and bring it close enough to the mast to dock .
there was a law holding airships from flying too low in urban areas .
they would be dangling high above people which would not be safe .
i was nervous the whole time .
life would be very hard without them .
lastly their is an existing that airships cannot fly too low over urban areas .
it was just another day on the farm and we were out running the machines .
in our neighborhood .
so we just waited and waited until we were there three quarters the way there .
one day i had to go to the doctors office to get shots .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
there is no harm at all by keeping materials on shelves .
we were both laughing together to the point we were crying .
the back of the ship would swivel around the mast which was hazardous for pedestrians .
i strongly believe that people should be given the right to enjoy the materials they take an interest in .
we got on the court knowing that we might lose and started .
this lets me know that he does view his house as a home and that means he is happy .
i was to scared to see how long the other lists were .
thats why personally i believe that laughing is the single most powerful action a person can do .
computers are for people .
one of the first errors his makes is take advice from people that have no clue of where there are at .
i get to keep in touch with my family and friends i no longer see .
i have been to a library and nothing at all was offensive to me or anyone else .
still with love burning inside of us .
this tower would illuminate from the inside .
the computer is not a bad thing all its doing is making life a little better step by step .
she came <caps> live <caps> us .
this was true history so there should be no restrictions to that sort of book .
my friends tried doing it too but their shoes had too much traction on it .
the author sets a <caps> of unity as well .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to emphasize her new found determination to overcome her obstacles .
instead of spending hours on your feet <caps> go sit on your computer for ten minuets or less .
that statement tells me that the author feels <caps> well he is inside his home or inside a home with his family members .
even after that were more problems .
apparently hydrogen is highly flammable compared to helium .
he would talk about how selfless and kind they were .
at first i school <caps> got the message saying that she can go .
one reason i am for computers is because they are a huge advancement in technology .
the mooring mast atop the empire state buildings problems should have been foreseeable before its construction .
the geese are also included in the end to show the new country she has adapted to because she recognizes when the geese come and go .
therefore computers must have a positive effect on people .
you will have taken most books out of libraries because one person thinks it is not good for the children .
the builders of the empire state building faced multiple obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
from electronics to <caps> animals .
the answer to this big question is no .
in conclusion i would like to state that patience <caps> important to mankind because if nobody had patience nobody would be on earth right now
and how embarrassment is involved .
this gives us the ability to make millions of searches for any given topic .
so having music at libraries is just giving them a free way to get it .
<caps> was picking up some marsh mellows and chocolate to make someone .
your family and friends have always been there for you .
it is a highly populated spot and could be potentially very dangerous .
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
i said can you just tell me she said okay .
the authors description of how his home came to be and how its like warms up the atmosphere of the readers mind and make them smile unknowingly .
she had been patient waiting for an answer <caps> never came .
i finally got up and went home after paying to bill for the food i did not eat .
but not all medias are good .
after i had gotten up and walked around for a few minutes my butt started to hurt more and more .
i would watch this countless times during the day with my parents and siblings .
for example he calls his house a simple house .
they should also teach them the difference in what is acceptable and what is not acceptable .
later they had to put a steel needle on top of the empire state building so the balloons could dock up and let people out .
they could also find interesting things to see in that country .
this <month> not be true but in my little world it is .
and it took them <num> just to get us in .
along with more computers and users comes increasing dangers and threats .
in the making of the empire building the builders faced some problems .
i had only known them for a few hours and they were telling me their life story .
the man was very smart in this situation and knew what to do .
through out the tough times <person> parents went through there was never a shortage of love or the feeling of family .
finally i saw another player and got ready to shoot .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
it is just a matter of life .
i believe the libraries should carry the movies and if someone finds them offensive they should simply not watch them .
<caps> that are going on the <location> .
<num> out of <num> doctors agree that hand-eye very important for healthy living .
a third factor that made the idea of setting up a mast even more difficult came straight from nature itself .
about over <money> of modifications would need to be made to the buildings framework .
computers are a tool that need to be used in an everyday life .
censorship takes away pieces of knowledge gradually .
she said yeah then her mom found out its not a real report card .
we sat down at the table with our bowls of chili and started eating .
so everyday i had to try to keep my mind on something besides the phone .
you can look up certain workouts that you might want to do .
the steel frame would have to be modified and strengthened .
i realized that laugh could change everything .
as i mentioned before computers are also pulling families further apart .
something that is offensive to me <month> not be offensive to another .
the challenges ranged from nature itself to laws against it .
the little girl said as <caps> crossed aims and swayed bark and forth .
for those reasons materials should not be removed .
we did lots of thinks while we were there .
i was hoping my <caps> day would start out good .
neither of us stopped laughing until our sides ached and there were tears running down our faces .
when the bus stopped at the <caps> we all started running and striping down to are swim trunks .
the lights were lowered and rehearsal began .
hopefully you will agree with me in this .
if you do this thinks everyone will say that computer your positive effect and are one of the last invention created .
they can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them .
i could hardly wait .
<caps> brother got to got first .
they get to live in a <caps> house then <caps> .
throughout the <caps> the author <caps> many moods to describe and fit what has happened in his memoir .
those are my three reasons .
he was yelling <caps> .
he just smiled and took my hand in his again .
i am so glad that i had to be patient when waiting for our pigs .
<caps> went back inside and put the milk on the table .
finally the law was a issue .
but every town the cyclist came to was deserted .
appreciate what you have in life .
these two quotes show the love that the authors parents showed towards their children .
when hes not angry .
without computers life would be ten times harder for people in this world .
this was very hard for me because i had to wait until the game was over to get up off the bench .
the last obstacle that the builders faced was a law against airships flying too low .
<caps> had just learned her parents were getting a divorce .
so no one really did much .
so thats when we went to my moms room and used the bathtub and put the hose all the way out the back door .
again parents do not want to see drug use or inappropriate gestures that make the child copy what they see and hear .
studies have shown that laughter releases feel-good chemicals in the body .
not everyone is going to like what you like and listen and believe everything you do .
he goes away for long periods of time .
they only way that i feel a certain material should be removed from the shelf is that if there are many complaints about the same material .
it is a happy mood because the author only talks about the good things that happened to him and his family .
the setting of the essay greatly affected the cyclist .
its like a powerful drug .
computers can allow you to learn new things and search up anything you want to know .
just recently was my birthday .
nature being the second problem because violent air currents could shift the dirigible and cause damage and hurt pedestrians .
another factor affecting building was nature .
but then you can do something fun on the computer every so often .
laughter is one of the most important things in life .
we cheered as we drove off .
one of us is upset and we know the perfect thing to say to each other .
and be patient until we left .
you can just order them .
that mother also might not be able to get out and go shopping .
i hope i persuaded you on my position .
he stopped after a while and calmed down but not for long .
there were many reasons but the greatest one they said was the safety .
there needed to be modifications made to make it safe for a dirigible to land there .
one day my mom and i went to the eye doctor .
i used patience when i went to ceder point <caps> i used it was that i playing video game .
the <caps> is affected in many ways .
it was just because the time era and it was also because he was black .
personal and meaningful conversations <month> sometimes be .
just buy the game install it and then play .
our <caps> grade teacher had lots of pets in her class room and one of her pets was a tree frog named <caps> .
to conclude this story i want to say patience is important to have because without it you will never be able to wait for anything in life .
everything around her is different and new .
i am a very patient person .
movies like this should be banned from public libraries .
the music you listen to has a huge impact on your life .
in the end i got the game anyway .
i know what it is like to be offended and people should take other peoples feeling into account before they offend .
computers usually make things worse .
<person> tried to run but he slipped and fell .
but see his parents knew that if they paid him when <caps> would keep watching him so <caps> did .
your right they cant .
my mom also thanked <person> and i for being so patient .
i completely agree with those people who think computers have a negative effect on us today .
obesity is <caps> of the biggest problems in the <location> and is growing bigger everyday .
it also allows you meet new and different people .
<person> got to the line at <time> and has been there for <num> hour and she only got <num> autographs done .
not only relief for the world not ending but for the life of computers to be able to go on .
like i said not everyone has that person in there life .
the author made the relationship very close from everywhere .
thats not what sum parents want you to hear .
after <num> minutes we still did not get the jackets yet .
in the construction of the empire state building the <caps> faced plenty of problems before and after the making of the mast .
each year the world becomes more and more advance in technology .
heart disease is caused by obesity .
like i said you can do anything .
banning books can be good and also very hurtful in many reasons .
the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible .
i strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
libraries are expected to be kept quiet and not out jumping around and screaming .
also he kept going to abandoned buildings .
saying that all can be family as long as you care about each other .
<caps> believes this is pulling her family apart .
my hand-eye coordination is becoming a lot better because i have types for a long time .
i have used patience many times .
<caps> is basically study hall at my school .
i sympathized with <person> for having to live with the woman .
would we have to read more like many people do thats great idea .
he was getting sad and dehydrated .
once me and my friend began to play the game it broke again .
spring is also filled with fresh air and gives me inspiration to do good .
they will be able to do sample everyday asks much better .
<caps> i thought it was absolutely hilarious that he thought i meant joints .
just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone .
taking certain books of shelves would be against our constitution .
no later than a day when <person> was walking down the street a gang of girls jumped her .
is everything you first have to wait for it to come in close enough for a shot .
the gases used to keep the dirigibles airborne were highly flammable and would again cause serious concern for safety in a city of millions .
all new ways to communicate with people .
in my years of reading i have read a few books that were questionable .
his very happy he came from such friendly family .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in their efforts to make it possible for dirigibles to dock on the mast .
the mood created by the memoir is a mix between a happy mood and an unhappy mood .
new technology like computers can change the world and help <month> things faster .
i ts not fair to other readers who enjoy reading <person> <person> .
i hope you take my side about my opinion about computers and that they definitely have a positive affect on people .
people who stare on computers non-stop can make them not exercise .
every has a different opinion on different matters based on their beliefs and life experiences .
there were multiple obstacles that made the idea of docking dirigibles foolhardy from the start .
the rest of the day was alright .
the hot weather was bad for the cyclist because he had a limited water supply .
so its rely important to have hand-eye .
i guess that the line was to be expected considering that it was a new ride .
the mood of this memoir has lots of passion .
these are all things that parents want to keep away from their children in order to keep them safe .
magazines should stay at the grocery store rather then a library that i take my child to .
i know when i do i pick the object up and look and see what it says on the back .
if that happened there would be an ongoing battle about it .
i glanced over at <caps> and then back at <location> .
it can and will mentally scar them for life .
even doctors are computers your medical needs and give time .
even if the ship would land their it was illegal for a ship to ever tie up the building or even approach the area .
the cyclist in the essay goes through phases that effect him differently according to the setting .
my grandma is always patient with me no matter what i do .
the builders main obstacle were the wind currents the dirigibles had to face in trying to dock nearly eleven hundred feet in the air .
that was what i thought about when i was tempted to actually remove them .
a and line that could take forever .
the slave trade is a major part in <caps> history that helped shape the country it is today .
not everyone likes the same things .
that enough about my girlfriend and me .
now i had to keep my patience though because who would yell at a baby .
censorship is wrong because it violates at least two of the five basic freedoms granted to all <location> citizens .
there were many obstacles that the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
<caps> is another reason why computers do benefit society .
another great application is note taking that can easily be typed .
they are useful ways to make life easier .
the government did not want aircrafts flying too low over buildings .
now multiply that number by itself for all the people they know and multiply it again and so forth .
the setting basically made the story .
computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems .
then they left <caps> i went upstairs to check on her .
there are a lot less people going places now because who needs to go to <location> when you can just look up pictures of <location> .
the best way to pass the time is laughing with friends and family .
i could tell <caps> just wanted to go outside that very moment .
the use of lead weights to way down the dirigibles is unimaginable with the possible dangerous situations it could create .
i would trust her with my life if i had to .
we tend to put tense situations at ease by our sense of humors .
in the story she says then i will take the test again .
a time when had patience was when i was waiting in the car to get to <location> .
picture <caps> in the <date> .
finally <date> we got there .
also his parents were very welcoming and kind so you would probably feel comfortable because of that too .
libraries to respect the fact that there are different types of people with different interests and they try to make their environment as comfortable for everyone as possible .
in conclusion i believe that the materials that show offense to certain people should stay .
<caps> team began to count the minutes again .
i know that the more people using computers is not better for our society it is worse .
anyone who is caught reading a book that makes the think locked up or killed .
there are always going to be those people who disagree with things .
after all i got patience and just waited until i got the text message back .
most people have there own type of everything .
one way is to be respectful to people and people <month> be respectful back .
<num> weeks i thought well thats going to take forever so i waited and waited and waited .
these people can offend you .
but for sure the computer is the best because you can research stuff and you find out more important facts .
in the last paragraph the author explains that home is were he learned the real definition of family and love .
for example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use .
shouts your computer .
in the day described .
the rest of the <time> the conversations flowed much freer between me and <person> and it was a wonderful evening .
when she sees me and my name tag her face lights up a little bit .
in my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities .
they should be where the people that are <num> or older get them but i still thing that they should not be and there .
now everyone knows i fell in love .
its rather to have patience than not .
they just finished the pull <caps> .
teens should be outside playing sports or hanging out with friends and family .
after we counted to about <num> we hear screaming <person> shouting .
even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world .
<caps> makes you feel better .
people have the right to choose what books they <caps> and what they <caps> about .
one time my <caps> planned a fishing trip to <location> .
i knew no one but her so i felt out of place .
there are many times i was patient .
some from their own experience and some made up .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
so thats one reason .
having patience is a good thing but not having it is not .
when he grandmother comes back then <person> will feel as if her grandmother is giving her strength and encouragement to try the test again .
setting a mood a gratefulness a true admiration for parents who taught him important life lessons he will never forget .
the movie was going to start at <num> .
the builders faced many obstacles that set them back but they made a valiant attempt to see their dream come true .
the hydrogen could catch fire and fall onto pedestrians .
they are a magnificent thing .
furthermore the author of the memoir expressed this by saying that his family turned this simple house into a home .
this is beneficial considering the amount of and assignments graded each week .
well once while us four were doing that <caps> was pouring down rain <person> very very muddy outside .
so i always just be myself around everyone i come around .
within a few seconds you will have searched hundreds more libraries newspapers and even other computers to find information on your topic .
it just happened out of nowhere .
due to this the builders had to modify and strengthen the frame to solve this obstacle .
when she was done and left we waited and waited .
laughing is something that everyone experiences .
computers can even help connect family members who live long distances from each other .
you could even try and make some good health ones that advertise good health for people and teens .
i thought i was going to pee my pants i was laughing so hard .
and the rocket-shaped mast would have four wings at its corners .
some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working .
censorship is one of the most broken laws in <location> .
and those were for specific examples of how the mood created by the author was very happy and appreciative in the memoir .
libraries should be allowed to have anything on there shelf that they please but allow it to certain age groups .
people overusing their computer is also a big problem .
then after <num> minutes it was our turn we picked our car and had some fun .
i try my hardest to be patient .
taking them away would only take away from the number of people who visit the library .
there is a lot of music in todays age that can be considered very offensive .
the roof had to be completed before the mask can take place .
and we never got mad just a little board .
the children <month> be in their appropriate rated section of the library but maybe a book from the adult section of the library stumbled over there by accident .
no matter how offensive they are curiosity will bring them back on the shelves .
how can your music get banned in the land of the free .
there was a time when i was patient for a whole month .
the third thing is movies .
the book i found was a book called <caps> <caps> by <person> .
it was a very fun for all of us .
well i would like to state my opinion if that is good with you .
one major problem was safety .
but that night while it was skating at skate port <num> got nothing .
we stood still with red faces and soon started pointing fingers about who gave us the crazy idea of spying .
our couch had to call someone to bring us another set of keys .
the buildings frame had to be modified before the construction of the mooring mast could begin because just putting on top would stress the frame and bring it down .
one obstacle that the builders faced was safety .
that we both needed a computer to finish .
he says his parent were selfless and took in refugees in their home .
<caps> do have <caps> though <caps> <person> .
i feel the same way about the censorship of music and movies .
so being over weight is bad and sitting and playing on the computer will make <caps> worse .
that can cause failure in school or getting fired at work .
i think done all i could .
but i wanted to get there so bad .
history makes a difference in our lives and its what we need .
the winds around the building were constantly shifting because of the location of the building .
specific textual evidence that proves this is .
thank you for choosing cedar point .
the architects knew that the large mooring mass could not be simply placed on the building flat roof .
the law also caused obstacles for docking dirigibles on the empire state building .
any place you want is at your .
he was also drinking his bottle of water hard .
read on and i will explain why this is so important .
these horrible happenings <month> offend some but they cannot be erased from the past .
what if some one looks up or check out something that should not be seen by others and it ends up in the wrong hands of someone .
<person> is an old family friend of mine .
it can help us on our homework .
an accident would of been tragic because of the heavily populated downtown <caps> .
each day i wonder if its a dream or a nightmare .
iv went out the is another place you can check to get the weather and keep your family safe .
my eyes dance among the plethora of mismatched antiques and statues strung throughout the room easily filling every crevice .
my third reason is kids might have an e-mail .
positive side music and movie has a way for some that comfort while having a good book at hand .
but the main reason was safety .
the theme of the story is adjusting to new circumstances and making the best out of each change .
i feel like he just threw his life away just for some stupid <caps> line .
you can use the computer to lock up your subject and a <caps> different websites will come speed quick to your screen .
then you saw her smile .
the wind would cause a major problem for if they could dock .
it was also illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas .
those are just a couple of many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced .
the day i stand for some free <caps> of lays chips .
with all of us being different all over the world .
now that you know that lets move on to my first reason .
sometimes life can be so cruel .
to express our feelings on paper and tell the world a story that we want heard .
thank you for your time .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
d because they are for adults reading sections .
the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast .
the mood was very important to really feel the message of the memoir .
the heat and uninhabited canal was the biggest struggle for the cyclist .
if they do not want to buy it then they should simply move on to another shelf or to a completely different store .
this was a major obstacle because the builders would have been violating a law .
computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
well for starters there is dimples in their cheeks and crows feet in the corner of their eyes .
those are some examples of obstacles builders had to face .
why parents come have not wanting to <caps> anything .
after we got through the bushes we ended up on a gravel road that led to a house that had a lot of land surrounding it .
all way take your time t learn how to be patience it is easy just take your time .
i used the computer to research who killed her and it said that a man killed her .
everyone is offended by something .
thats all she wanted out of life .
making it difficult for any blimp to get in close enough .
we then progressed through the hatchery and soon returned to the car and made our trip to <organization> .
please read on about how we will go computer dead .
any where there are books involved count me there .
laughter really is the <caps> .
the cashier said hi <month> i take your <caps> .
all this would do is cause problems for everybody and just make everything go bad .
so in ones opinion about computers and what they do that can benefit the society that we live in and also benefit mankind as well .
one more problem with mooring dirigibles on the empire state was that it was hard for pilots to dock their ships on the mooring .
students can use a computer to do a research paper for lets say history .
using the mooring mast on top of the empire state building would result in breaking the law since the mast was too low .
this is why i feel that winter hibiscus was concluded in this way .
<caps> prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday .
<caps> not laughing because <caps> all around a happy person .
i was annoying my mom a lot .
if you think that amazing then read this .
but not just showing kids around like they use to .
well heres my perspective .
computers are not family there are not going to make you exercise there going to make you lazy .
it can also help with healing .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
without ever leaving their state .
not only are there websites .
it could also take someones history out of the library if it is removed .
sometimes people who we love have to move far away from us .
the teacher is standing right in the middle of it all .
people can skate for fun and for compaction .
now i have no cast on .
his parents thought that if they get through the bad time they will enjoy the good times to come and for that he always thanked them .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
when we were little it was watching <caps> .
these difficulties were the result of the setting .
it is every persons own right and they are capable on making decisions that they think are the right thing to do .
not even curse words .
the days were long and i found myself becoming sluggish and glum .
i was just coming across the room to get to the room where my band was warming up in two doors down .
the entire building would have to be modified and strengthened with over <num> dollars worth of investment .
this could effect peoples education and reading skills .
a time when i was patient was when <caps> came .
so knowing how to use a computer is vital to keep up with the <date> .
and now until this day i am still being patient .
for example they show things about <caps> mythology for making a <caps> pat .
thats why i believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
also yet another obstacle came up due to nature itself .
this would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
like singing or dancing .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is being grateful .
for some id say like that but what if you cant travel up the <location> due to money or flying conditions .
the computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are .
a love of cooking that is still with me today .
i mean yea i read articles from magazines but like i said mostly listen to music .
just like the saying time file sometime having fan .
let us educate our children for the future of humanity .
the effect of landing something so heavy on the roof would add stress the the buildings frame .
that is no fair crop in my right mind .
one day during the <date> my phone rang .
the library needs to censor the bad things to allow their self image to look well .
that is why is bad to use a computer a lot i hope u understand .
surprise just kept coming and coming .
well l have l was sitting there in a nice warm and cozy seat exhausted dozing off waiting for them to say the came <person> .
then naturally we responded with the same enthusiastic feeling .
thats why is keeping in a special place away from little kids .
other people are upset because they think the libraries are offending their culture or way of life .
i think some music should be banned because of the violence and sexual content it describes on the music .
when i was young i went to the book store all the time with my mom .
computers also evolved how people can communicate with each other .
then eventually our grade was called downs to have lunch .
my finger tips were icy as i sat and wanted .
i think that these are all very important .
people just have different tastes in music .
another example is that computers allow people to pay their taxes .
i guess being patient is not all that hard .
the line was as long as having to <location> itself something told me it was going to be a long wait .
that is where students can got their <caps> .
you waste over <num> days a year sitting in front of your computer .
the congregation of family and friends and end less celebration .
it just depends on <caps> the subject is about and how inappropriate it is .
i hand her the money and head strait home .
then i will take the test again .
if everyone begins to complain and argue of what is being put on shelves in libraries .
he caught up to her on the grass .
children can learn rude or nasty things that their parents might not find alright for their child .
both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today .
put those symbols in there to show hope for the girl to make it through her tough time .
another feature that caused some problems for the cyclist were the run down ghost towns that consists of ram-shackle sheds and several rusty pumps .
people still rely on computers just as much more today .
the wind s on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
imagine if you we not able to read your favorite book because it was no longer considered appropriate for society .
many dirigibles from outside the united states were filled with hydrogen rather than helium .
asked <caps> good sign of patience .
in the mooring mast builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles to attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
yeah we might be getting lazy but it makes peoples lives simpler .
it had come down to the fifth and final set were we would either win or lose .
a example from the memoir is when the author talks about his gratefulness toward his parents .
then after thinking he noticed that he had listened to some old folks that had never even been off their porch .
our media is very powerful and should not be censored .
it was at that moment when i realized i was wrong about her .
i will always tell my self <caps> i need a laugh or something to either call my friends up or just look in the mirror every morning .
it is evident by the tone used by the author that these were happy times .
i love to sit down and talk with my mom over a steaming cup <organization> hot chocolate .
almost everything in life calls for patience .
the mood created in the memoir is grateful .
he told me what had happened with the door getting locked and how we would never get out till morning .
my story of when i was patient was when me and my family were going to the monster jam .
those are the kind of people that cannot handle what we call adult material books .
i used to call them laugh attacks .
that was just one of the many things we love to laugh about .
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist .
<caps> had a bunch of tubes to climb in and a slide and running wheel .
whatever the case maybe they should feel comfortable in the place they are at .
those old men probably were never off their front porch since carter was in office .
for one computers help with entertainment .
kids spend too much time on computers .
<caps> step-sister had recently gotten a new car so <caps> <caps> <caps> step-dad were outside looking at it .
i have had to use patience many times before .
i think that libraries should be organized in a way that when you walk in you know the section you want to be in .
she brings it home and is at first reprimanded by her mother but then thanked for buying .
computers are not assets to society but issues .
this helps people stay connected .
finally is the structure first there was the ghost town with the battery acid tasting water .
we need to put a stop to this abuse of computers .
the very computer you <month> love can harm you .
the people who spend their day on the computer need to change .
you use a keyboard for all this so you also learn how to type .
his father worked in a laboratory and his mother studied chemical engineering .
so i waited and waited .
in foot ball catching helps to teach the skill but makes you up on the ground after being by someone potentially yourself .
i will tell you once again computers benefits society and do have positive effects .
i hope that you agree with my reasons so we can find a way to get everyone their computers and get active .
maybe and maybe not .
the geese also were a reminder that some things back home were the same .
so i got up and checked it <num> missed calls .
i stayed there very patiently as everyone ordered .
i got into the locker room and as soon as i walked in i realized i had forgotten my gym clothes .
i was actually standing in line doing nothing .
many of <caps> employees work from home and have to own computers .
are promoting it basically .
the time has come to decide .
i made some more food and went to sleep .
the violent air currents at the top of the empire state building would make it dangerous and unsafe for dirigibles to dock with the building .
<caps> on the other hand is a conservative .
censoring books is very important in todays lifestyle .
she is the healthiest person i know and rarely spends anytime on the computer .
you could think about an issue one way and your neighbor think about it a totally different way .
which could be a great hazard considering all the people it could harm below .
this is the mood that i think this author created .
people could use the computer to learn about anything or everything .
patience is being understanding and tolerant .
i said a little then <organization> got <caps> on my bed and started bouncing .
this is what could happen to anyones child if there are books out their that could be harmful to anyone that picks them up .
<caps> probable took me a good ten minutes to eat a single burrito .
censoring of media for kids should be the responsibility of the parents .
the winds would shift to constantly and violently and be to very difficult to control the dirigible .
the biggest obstacle was finding a safe way to do it .
its quite easy <caps> people to talk with others from anywhere without having to actually see them .
the laughs you guys enjoyed together .
for example the author said i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
a library is a place that brings all sorts of people together .
the whole memoir is looking fondly back at his home that he grew up in .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there .
we need and because of the realize ever a <organization> screen .
if a movie is rated <caps> it should not be in a public library .
and the only way to fix would be to spend over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to strengthen it .
the mood of the boy in this story was he was happy talking about how his whole family could come to his house for any meal in the day .
by the time <caps> were done the clock hit <num> .
my personal opinion is that censorship is useless because it ruins it for everybody because one person got offended .
i could just go onto a computer open or download a program a there it is .
my mother parked the car at the nearby park and my sisters ran ahead of us to the carnival .
this sight was troubling when the features of the next setting caught his eye he was desperate and devastated .
computers keep your divorce could have from computer .
thats not fair at all .
he knew he was in the desert without water the setting makes him nervous because he was in a desert .
it was really hard for me to be patient because i really wanted to go to <location> .
that would have been the life .
maybe we should stop worrying about other people for once and just try to grow and prosper as a race .
the cyclist was tired and exhausted .
and the only i could talk to them outside of school was on a computer .
i was wondering why wait <caps> all time and come hand .
a censored author must feel like a basketball player that did not make the cut despite hours of practice .
it helps us build hand-eye coordination .
when we graduated and went to <organization> my friends either moved or dispersed into other groups .
something that would offend me in a library is some of the music they carry .
thats how the cyclist was affected by the settings features .
countless extended family members came and went-and there was often someone stying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet .
well those are my thoughts on rather or not you should remove materials that some people find offensive .
finally people who have computers are probably happy because computers is a good thing to have because you can do everything on it .
it really did look like a diamondback-blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me .
i think that we should have computers .
00 though because of the drive .
there is no predicting that that could never happen again .
for moment i did got caught up on <caps> .
most parents want their children to stay as innocent as possible for as long as possible and i can respect this idea .
also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer .
you can do <caps> many things on the computer to have fun .
but no they want to sit inside all day long on the computer .
the builders faced many problems that should have been foreseen .
from <date> to <date> the numbers of obese people increased from <percent> of <location> citizens to <percent> .
even though they were pretty high of the ground it was still effective .
i asked <caps> sister pointed to a ride .
my boyfriend <person> and i have been dating for almost a year now and are the type of people that like spending time with our families .
then i took <person> across the walk way and got <person> a show thick .
i had never in my life heard of anyone named <person> before .
censorship is the same thing that <person> did to prevent people to think for themselves and discover that his tactics were a great evil to society .
i guess it really was one of those <caps> had to be there kind of moments .
in fact it has a very positive effect of me .
after having a hard time pulling up to the right spot so the wash could start i had to roll up all the windows and fold the side view mirrors .
libraries should be filled with all sorts of subjects appealing to everyone .
i showed patience by not yelling at them .
i then realized that i was probably a sight to see .
i had just been informed that there was a parent meeting for the students going on the mission trip .
lastly its becoming a worldwide addiction .
finally when he reached <caps> and <caps> fish camp he was thankful and wanted to show his gratitude .
we scanned the menu for something that sounded appetizing .
but i think what we are talking about here is the joyful kind .
she expresses that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
all i could hear was my brother in the back seat yelling like when a little girl finds a spider .
people need to communicate through computer a lot .
my last reason why computers have a benefits in society is because computers help to make better technology .
we waited for the rides to start back up .
there are always ways that you will act with one person and not the other .
so i believe that we can call find a healthy balance <money> computer use .
one problem was safety .
he also says these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship .
be patient and <caps> until you leave the building .
my sister is my other half and we share everything .
we all ate drank i felt asleep .
<percent> of experts say that having a close knit family will give kids a greater chance of going to college .
they are seeing a picture not the healthy .
this would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
i will tell you about when i was patience .
he would make <location> clean his room and do the dishes .
these creatures are the most important things in our life to learn about .
i said in a loud voice .
on the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go .
because for some odd reason i think i am just really funny looking .
if not the empire state building might fall over .
<caps> i walked over to where <caps> pointed <person> looked around thinking that <organization> crazy <person> <caps> just seeing things .
i have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight .
the winds current would cause the dirigible to drag the building with it because the wind current is very strong .
a world without computers is a world of non-communicating people and no where to gather information independently .
my friends and i have a relationship that can not be matched .
i looked at him with a why are you laughing dad .
depending on your age you should go to the sections that mostly provides the thing you want .
the next problem or obstacle was making the buildings structure strong enough to withstand the tension caused by the dirigibles .
this shows that even though she has failed she will not give up and she will try again .
the plant becomes a comporting item that reminds her of her homeland .
<percent> of people who use the computer use the computer language in school .
i think so and this is why i believe that computers are a more positive effect than a negative effect on people .
i hope you are also patient with people .
i know this because in paragraph <num> the author writes i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the mood that was created by the other was happy .
comments such as these in books can mold a young mind into thinking name calling is appropriate .
in the memoir i think the mood the author creates is love for family .
i started to just eat it all .
this must change people need to enjoy what this world has to offer .
people will begin to lose the sense of what is right and what is wrong .
these modifications cost over <money> .
you can also buy computer games for your computer .
i was watching this t .
he and i shared many laughs over the next two and a half years .
i was worried because it was going to be a long trip home .
just as long as theres not <caps> and stuff like that .
he also creates a mood of having no where to turn when it came to his parents getting jobs in the united states .
i then tolled my mom that <person> were going to find a place to sit .
when girls look at a model in a magazine they try and be just like the model .
the mood in this story is very happy .
that was the time i had to be patient .
the project was also held back by existing laws about flight in an urban area .
you can quickly open <caps> .
cyclist are in very good physical shape .
all of us start busting up laughing .
in the excerpt said the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to fail .
laughter is all about having fun and it should be meant to hurt someone or make them upset or mad at you .
which was the lack of a suitable area .
she will not give up but instead re-take the test .
we started walking down the driveway .
laughter means a lot in a relationship in <caps> opinion .
he wants to try new things .
the only solution was to hop over the fence and grab it .
i have once read a story about a little girl named <caps> who liked to make people glad .
i cried for days and days .
the biggest issue was how they never finished their plans .
also trees that gives us oxygen too .
another problem was a law against airships that flew to low to the ground in urban areas .
not every family can have the satisfaction of sharing and giving to others .
work data and they help <percent> of businesses we file reports communicate with other branches of that company .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
it was my parents making funny faces that made me explode in laughter because i could not possible hold it in any longer .
at every basketball game we would try and spend as much time as we can together .
both of us have made mistakes in our past too but again we just look back and laugh .
i agree with her on that statement .
the surrounding landscape of lonely hills tumbleweeds and snakes does not inspire confidence .
no one should go a day without it .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i have to have patiences in <num> block <num> block is moth .
i had found this restaurant was a winner of tastiest burger awards .
we are supposed to be able to say anything we want to say .
i believe it is important you go along with your religious beliefs .
that was the first day for me .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced when they were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
he talked about his culture and how the heart of his home is his kitchen .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
but also i think that parents or an adult should look at the criteria first before they allow a child to read or see it .
in this narrative essay i will write about <num> different times when i was out had to be patient .
i think that there is different levels of censorship that should be enforced depending on the library at which censorship is required .
now you think we should do about computers .
sometimes it is harder to ignore .
i for one believe that computer are useful for many things .
thats when the youngest cousin starts singing happy birthday .
this makes the teachers job much easier because it averages all of the grades .
people steal so they can buy extra technology .
well my uncle did and was very patient about it .
computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much <organization> their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise .
the architects could not just put the mooring mast on top of the buildings flat roof .
knowing us we laughed the whole way down the river .
so lets get the word out and defeat this repression of expression
censoring can have good and bad qualities .
he begins to have doubt in his mind about what the old men told him .
putting a book or a magazine about drugs in libraries are not going to make kids or people try drugs .
therefore the builders of the empire state building had many obstacles to overcome .
this should be censored in libraries .
when i was about <num> i wanted one thing in the wold .
i would get it cause thats what children do explore .
that was the day i had to be patient
sacrificing all they had in life .
people should feel proud to be here and not scared of things that could impact their lives forever .
free from temptation and independent human beings .
its time now to realize what computers are doing to us and the world today .
we were in the mood for swimming and the pool had been out all winter so it was really nasty in there .
no one really even took note that i was there until the teacher looked up .
after doing all of that work they then found out that the mast of the empire state building would never work .
there has been many people who have been hired .
in some stores they have a magazine section where there are bad stuff that a kid is not allowed to see .
i think people should do something els then use the computer .
the people will find out what they want there kids to read and listen and watch and so will they .
this eventually led to the mast never being used as a docking station .
movies are something that people love to watch come on we pay <money> to get onto see them sometimes .
my opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people but you cant say that i am just a kid and she plays on it all the time .
computers help and in the process of hand eye coordination .
they can say for very hour your on the computer you have to do an hour of exercise .
family is very important to most families now a days .
nature was also an enormous obstacle .
you can watch all types of movies .
also when things got hard there was nothing around but ghost towns and abandoned buildings .
<caps> also made me feel better because all the audience saw was my puppets and all they heard was the voices of the actors .
you can use the computer to learn when is the best times to visit that place .
these technological devices have enabled to us to get our work done in a timely matter to receive the grade that we deserve .
you can look at the screen and move your fingers freely .
they show symbolic meaning to the ever changing world as we know it .
<caps> <caps> this is <person> she said with a smile .
our youth today is very influenced by the music we listen to the books we read and the television we watch .
laughter could also mean the beginning or ending of a relationship .
at times i have my bad times and need some laughter in my system to make me feel at least better .
another feature was the road sign that said do not exceed posted speed limit the speed limit was <num> .
but you have no right to remove a book from a shelf that does not belong to you .
i think the computers help your brain think more and computers are advanced technology .
i decided to just smile and laugh about the foul and told myself to shake it off .
these are the obstacles the empire stat building faced .
thats exactly what i did on the ride over .
but today i am going to talk about when i had to be patience to get my first dog .
but then she i had to wait until <caps> .
the dirigibles faced some problems when they tried to dock them .
i think that computers have a very positive effect on our lives .
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today .
another reason is because there is some history on some websites .
this is the second time i have been to <organization> and i cant wait to go on all the rides .
nature also played a role in this struggle over making this mast work .
we got the truck back a few weeks later .
i know this because my eyes start to hurt .
those scenes or words can be put back in the movie once <caps> is sold in stores .
most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people .
i tried not to think of it too .
one day at our bus stop <person> said something very funny and we laughed until the bus came .
when you have a love one you can see them when there a way for a trip .
the owners of the empire state building faced quite a few obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring mast .
the simplest solution would be to simply make it so the only people to view these books would want or need to go view them .
so we had to wait in this big line .
i just wanted to get out of the car and walk home .
bead all the about computers and you will think but like me .
during the walk around the <caps> we stopped at a monkey dome and started asking each other random questions that the other person had to answer .
you also need to computer for school almost all the time and on a rainy day its a great alternative then being lazy a watching <caps> while your eyes fall asleep .
<caps> is quite a jolly kid .
that way parents can know and control what their children are seeing .
they were all from different parts of the world and got along and he even though they had there differences they got together as friends .
one obstacle the builders faced was the lack of a suitable landing area .
in the break of silence she said .
this shows that the tone is thankful for what the parents had done and love them at the same time .
it took about <num> weeks for it to arrive .
so next time you hear some one wanting something removed tall them this or next time you want some thing removed you refer back to this .
my parents love him they call him there son in law i think its kinda cute .
if i were to call her each call would cost <money> .
and we were on our way back home .
it begins slowly with the ghost town .
or spend time with family and friends .
and it is wrong and inhuman
i do not agree that <caps> books and or magazines can be taken offensive .
we had a movie night and ate candy and pickles all night .
also in your everyday life .
that made me laugh even more .
when we finally get to leave we walk up to six seater phase for us to fly to a small island near by .
this author creates many moods in this memoir .
as soon as i could walk <person> would have me out camping and hiking <caps> her .
lets say your little sister is bagging you and you beep nicely asking her to stop but she just wont .
we would spend hours doing nothing but tricks and playing in the back yard .
censoring certain things a library would not be that good of an idea .
there lives will never be the same because they were using the computer too much .
and yes weight loss surgery does have effects such as death .
all these features of the setting affect him .
because most of the things that people like is in the books or movies that the library wont have .
the mood created by the <caps> in the memoir is happy .
as you can see the setting greatly affected the cyclist .
all i could do was focus on not looking like a moron .
and i think its crazy to remove books and other things from a shelf unless a shelf a full of books and other things .
and i personally think it was more fun than the dance would have been .
it can be the connection between people .
the mood is thankful and gratefulness in this memoir .
well i think you cant use a computer too much .
every book has a different plot and a different moral .
with entertainment it is hard to please everyone .
i think that there were many things contributing to the cyclists state at the end of the story .
again and again <caps> thanks his parents for several of the things that they gave to him that <caps> still values .
the heat could have killed him anytime .
this shows that the author obviously wants to convey a very rich and passionate the and mood to the memoir .
this is a huge problem in the united states computers are main cause to why the <caps> .
if all of the offensive books got removed from the shelves at libraries then nobody could be getting there work done .
docking a dirigible to the building would put stress on the buildings frame .
some of the things that affect the cyclist was the lack of water .
computer give people the ability to learn about places faraway .
thats one of the reasons why he was tired and dehydrated .
if you need help to finding a book for your project ask the person at the desk where to find it .
sometimes computer operated robots do dangerous jobs so workers are not at risk .
it would not be beneficial to them or society if they are sheltered their entire lives .
i should have waited .
this shows her family is kind and loving .
that <month> have been the reason i had chosen what i had but at the time it all seemed to make perfect sense .
like my mom gives me a limited <caps> the computer <num> my laptop has to be off on a school night .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
there is no way i can express my gratitude .
the obstacles the builders had to face were very big obstacles .
sure enough here came <person> <person> rite behind her was <person> .
i think i have a good friend relationship with all those people .
now finally <num> minutes past and we got to go inside and i was <caps> happy .
the author is grateful and proud because her parents welcomed with open arms people of all types .
a patent person in my life is my mom .
that family gives one life and teaches love .
another obstacle to its construction was that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
the author also says how he admired how much strength and perseverance his parents had and how he has thanked them repeatedly .
but somehow i knew i wanted her to .
i try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with family and friends and i have good relationships with them .
modifications to the building would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
i know a time when i was patient .
i looked over at his cousin and winked .
but instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it .
the big problem that it faced was the wind speeds that high up in the air .
it said which advanced classes i would be in .
when i was little i went to the mall with my grandmother .
in this story the setting affects the characters dramatically .
i told her i was sorry and that i only did it to make myself popular and seem funny to other kids .
this is due to their intelligent reading levels .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there .
then i would read a few pages and i would think it was pretty good .
we went up stares and picked out our rooms .
i woke up the next morning feeling very sick to my stomach .
telling me that while me and him laugh about things is just putting more the negatives away and giving life more meaning .
<caps> i believe who ever said that because it happened to me .
so if people are offended it is just pretend to begin with .
also your going to have to eat and when you get exited your going to want to eat more .
some people find it so offending that they think they should be able to remove these offending materials off the self .
map tools says there has never been a flaw in their system .
just about <date> i finally rekindled the flame with my dad again .
at one time i thought i was the most patient person in my whole family .
we had two classes <caps> lunch together .
<caps> the first time she said that to me i went to the computer to see how other people were having to me .
let me explain a little bit further to you what i mean .
if more people had computers then they would the to questions .
i felt like shooting myself when ever some one caught another fish .
we laughed through the teacher giving instructions and while we were doing our class work .
thats when i asked her to verify if it was the same family .
he or she could then use the computer to listen to music .
he also mentions that the sight was troubling which shows how big of an affect the features around him or scenery can have .
one of them goes to the library to find music and we both listen to it .
though they take your mind off things .
so one thing that helps us is laughter .
if i had found something that i disagreed with i would not read it or just think nothing of it .
people are very different in many ways .
i helps you speak correctly and clear .
he never did anything to invasive .
that is why the memoir has a happy mood .
i told her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her .
we are all the same deep down inside .
why people would even consider getting rid of history and learning materials about cultures and different subjects in <caps> world is beyond me .
he liked i and let it go .
a study conducting proved that when you think your talking to a friends it is really some perverted <num> year-old looking for fun .
the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined never to fulfill its purpose .
as the day progressed i found my comfort zone again .
censorship on books and other materials in libraries would be a very negative thing .
are there some relatives you been face to face with <caps> its because of computers .
after a terrible loss <person> came out of the locker room and hugged me and told me it was time to meet the parents .
if builders and planners had done better research they would have found this project to have been impossible before going through all the intense construction .
i could hardly stop laughing long enough to introduce myself .
laughter is a part of us either we like it or not its always going to be with us no matter what .
having the mooring mast in the huge city served potential threats to the safety of the city and population as well .
once he found some pebble and thought about sucking on them because it helps to slow down dehydration .
and you can tell hes trying to think of something to say while he keeps taking quick sips from his water bottle .
if i do not feel like i can joke around and laugh with the people that i am with i usually do not feel like i can be myself .
today was the first day i was patient .
emotions are an essential part of life .
the author also states that theres not only a sense of family in being a blood relative but in the neighborhood as well .
when you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life .
on my desktop computer at home .
i believe that laughter is a big part in having friends .
<person> is very thankful that he has these skills from his great culture .
technology lets everyone explore new topics .
computers let you learn more information .
without having access to a computer and its contents residents have a difficult time embarking themselves within the rest of society .
this is a amazing thing to be able to do .
in conclusion these moods are the examples of the memoir .
intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you .
i was so bored it felt like it has been <num> but really it has only been one hour .
<caps> whatever occurs you always go back to your roots .
everyone has their own perspective on how they think and if staying on the computer all day is a good thing .
your want to just so you the computer .
maybe someone bought same they and it did not work you could see the comments and review .
overall the author uses calming and strong words to get his images and feelings through in the memoir .
this showed how welcoming people they loved was important .
i would not want my <num> year old kid read a book with bad language in it .
that i could drop from heat stroke .
there are many things said in the memoir that express the mood of love .
then have them published for you to just take them off the shelf .
the clock winding down .
soon <person> took the shot since <person> would not .
reading books is what opened my eyes to what life is really like .
computers could also be used for good things .
is beautiful when you hear the birds singing or seeing the plants outside .
now that the frame was safe they had to worry about the dirigible itself .
the heat makes it hard to stay focused on making the long journey .
the best true story that i could tell you that involves me and laughter is about my dad and i .
at time when i was patient when i really wanted to go to my favorite store .
being able to talk to anyone that is far away is good .
these are all the reasons why be should banned these things from our children .
that was a good wet day at the beach .
her mom went to the office and got the real grades and my friend <person> was patient while she said the truth .
i think that organizing the books in a different way would be better .
<caps> brings two people closer together and brightens a persons life .
this is what would happen if we censored everything .
maybe if we could make a petition and have at least <num> people sign it then the book could be removed .
the owners of these libraries know what is going to upset people and what will not .
a lot of people over used it too .
some teens think its okay just because the characters in the book are doing it then its okay for them and their significant other to try it .
computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well .
i thrust my hand forward .
<caps> he sets a mood which fluctuates and changes throughout the memoir .
his parents worked hard for what they worked for and no one can take that away .
i feel that magazines and joke books are welcome in the libraries of teenagers .
he regained hope and moved ahead .
so <num> more minutes passed until he finally got his schedule .
lastly censorship of libraries could interfere with work or school projects or research .
there was no sign of civilization what so ever .
i just think it personal wrong to say those kind of things in movies .
not to fear super duper computer is here .
the entire church congregation was saddened by the sudden news .
i believe the author set a very personal mood in this story .
both of our faces were priceless .
the plant gives her strength to try for her driving test again .
you have to look at it in the publishers view also .
the library could get in a lot of trouble .
in the <num> grade my math teachers assistant had to be so patient with our because they would ask the same questions over and over again .
we had to come inside and <caps> up for dinner .
they are now always inside on their computer .
i <caps> you will come through to yourself and agree .
next her boyfriend came <caps> he ready to go .
<person> had just entered behind me and by the sigh she let out i knew she had forgotten hers to .
making someone laugh can always help when they think that its not possible for their life to get any worse .
everyone uses them or has used them before .
i laughed without a break from <organization> to <location> road .
this would make it more difficult for the author because he would have to use more energy to move up the hill .
<person> and i were laughing <caps> hard we nearly peed our brand new pants .
one of which i really need for a homework assignment on the movie <caps> .
we should not result to that .
first obstacle was designing strengthening beams to the frame and foundation to support the extra stress caused by the dirigibles load and wind pressure .
pitch black outside but light <caps> warm in .
libraries can help us in many different ways .
were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
but know a days there are so much stuff people can do to get all of things .
playing catch with their kids or even playing a board game with them .
in the memoir he has a very happy tone because is his proud and thankful .
right now people should be proud to be who they are and not scared of things like that .
the wind was so strong that it could throw it into a building .
the person was going to a place far away with out any food or water for miles .
then <person> and his mom arrived at the store .
they even miss out on just going outside and talking a walk the reason is because they are <caps> <caps> inside their house with their fare glued to the computer .
once the geese and the hibiscus are back she feel like shes at home .
its also showing her ability to conquer obstacles .
people lose jobs over computers .
over <percent> of <caps> have a chat account to talk with family and friends .
she has remembered this special rule of home happiness .
people have read some of the material that the library has and spotted some profanity not knowing it was in <caps> .
there are so many fun things you can do outside .
<caps> we both calmed down we went our separate ways .
for me to have fun on .
when the cyclist got to the first town he said that it looked dead .
i believe that laughing in an relationship is the best part .
such as moving away from her homeland and having to plant all new plants .
she say holding my hand .
at the end of the day the <location> ended up winning .
pull the lever to quickly and the crane can go sharply in the wrong direction causing it to tip over .
another fond memory he re-calls is his parents teaching him life lessons .
businessmen and women can have meetings on the computer with programs such as <caps> .
and with one more door to open thats at the beginning of the hallway where every one is sitting or standing .
the author concludes winter hibiscus with the paragraph because it continues the theme of adjusting to changes in life .
i know you think its taking away real social time but it really is improving the community .
the author creates a very happy mood in this memoir .
i got up end did it too .
m so she needed me to come over .
reading it is a joy to some and a pain to others .
everyone should retain their right to read what they would like to .
first the wind current was so strong that the pilot would have a very difficult time getting close enough .
i did all my research on the computer .
there are around <num> billion people in the world and at least one of them is bound to enjoy the same type of media you do .
if there is something that a parent has laying around the house that the child has never seen before that child will immediately wonder what this material is .
that is why computers are needed .
so that is my story about patients in my own way .
<caps> asked if i wanted to study the bible with him .
in the following you will see why i <caps> computers have its benefits to the society .
adults <month> have a problem with the offensive material because they have children who go to the library .
these things make people feel different in ways that cant be described .
that was a time that i was patient .
a practical reason why the mooring mast could not dock dirigibles at the empire state building was because of the law against airships .
but my sister always helped me when she had time .
as half time came it was even colder .
i would also think about how lucky i am to be going to cedar point .
i support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
when your on the computer your not talking to people and becoming social and you could loose connections with you friend and your family .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
he said yes so i walked to the lake and threw out the line .
i thought i was going to die .
<caps> would take <caps> into town to buy her a cheeseburger and go to the park .
everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not appropriate .
most kids in the <location> are a member of a social network like <caps> or <caps> .
in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building the builders ran into obstacles that in the end prevented the whole idea from moving on .
we are not accountable for what other people do .
many people are affected negatively by computers .
shafts of light escape through fogged windows casting a shadowed glare upon the surface of the table .
has as much the same right as i did .
we talked about our plans for the week all <date> at <date> .
it is clear that there were problems in trying to dock dirigibles on the empire state building .
close to the idea of <caps> .
the builder put over sixty thousand dollars worth of changes into the building .
that is one word i do not like <caps> when its something i really want .
people will be amazed .
i thought i was the richest man in the whole wide world .
computers are also a great resource but can contain many offensive material .
the mood also sounds very loving because he loves his parents for moving to <location> .
if you ask anyone they will tell you that having a computer is very important and necessary .
it brought <person> and i just that much closer we had gotten through that by laughing instead of fighting .
my parents and i went to <location> for <caps> .
this principal presents the idea that people can overcome hard times in their life no matter what circumstances they are presented with .
dear local news paper i think the computers benefits society .
i just cant what that long and it gives my tension just knowing whats going to happen .
my story showed that a laughter is able to change peoples thoughts and to short the distance between two people .
there were burst of orange and red .
some were as long as one thousand feet in length .
however she knows that the hibiscus will be coming back and she have the awareness of the obstacles coming back .
<person> looked at <caps> and simply said yes .
also the computer can play the favorite song on the computer .
everyone has an opinion .
my shoulders hit the snow as if it were concrete .
the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose .
when the cyclist was in need of more water he ran into several rusty pumps .
a computers makes it and it through a lack of information to just computer and find it faster .
the other obstacles was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
i cant keep my eyes off the screen .
this quote shows that it may be unsafe to allow dirigibles to dock due to the winds .
he was going to try to find some where to stop so he could pick up more water but there was nothing around .
this go for children and adults alike .
the builders of the empire state building were having many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
one when she opened <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building encountered many obstacles that prevented dirigibles from docking there .
so i ran all the way back to the car and since we had the same eyesight i gave her my glasses .
theres always something you can do when you go on a computer .
so by me being the second oldest i find it <caps> responsibility to take care of <caps> mom .
it is hard in order to turn one simple house into a home .
nature is beautiful i am thankful to god of giving us that beauty and all animals .
the <caps> is a place where you come and get what you like .
he welcomed us to our second day .
all of this stuff teaches you how people are different and no one person is the same .
you can explore nature on the computer .
a obstacle is a object in the way of you and were your trying to go .
the <caps> magazines are there to learn not for enjoyment .
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about you family .
i have many opinions upon this issue .
there are many different arguments about this subject .
it has exactly <num> since <caps> father has had job .
while we were not dating he would always find away to make me laugh or smile .
that is the time when i was the most patient .
i understand that children have to be exposed to some things in life .
an hour past by it was still raining .
so suddenly a boy came to me with a guitar and asked me what time is it .
without computer my mom would have more in other countries .
technology is advancing and were going to have to use a computer sooner or later .
the builders would have to strengthen the buildings skeleton in order for it to work .
i am not a patient person at all .
computers are also good if your lazy .
lastly if time is being spent staring at a screen .
not just the year and a half id known him .
this made the cyclist very lonely and they started to lose hope of finding water .
all these combined gave the author a hard time but in the end he found a bait and tackle shop where he was saved
as i got out of bed i would have never known that to day would be the funniest day of my life .
my opinion is that offensive materials should not be removed from libraries .
some good effects some harsh effects .
the game was halted as we all shared this priceless moment .
another obstacle the builders had with docking the blimps is the lead weights dangling from the end of the blimps .
<caps> dad put on <organization> and we laughed the rest of the night away .
music should also remain in libraries because the artist did not put the lyrics in the song to bring the listeners attention to the offensive material .
they had to face racism .
my grandpas favorite thing to do with the dog was train him .
<person> can recall the time when the trails <caps> runs were overrun with people .
we should have an understanding of the bad things in life .
i think that some people are not getting enough exercise and i also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too .
the surroundings have little effect on him .
the cyclist also gets doubts when he sees the road signs reminding him how slow he is going .
but then <caps> wanted to go to the pack .
i think sometimes books can tell you more then what can a person with there own words can .
computers are great for school .
<caps> going to be going through <caps> .
computers can be very helpful to students as well as teachers .
many of the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
thirdly was the issue of it being against the law for airships to fly too low over urban areas was also a safety hazard for people .
in my point of view strongly believe that it could have been form working at the some sandy desert for seeds a long period of time .
so in this passage the mooring mast by <organization> had to overcome obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
roars of laughter leaped from their mouths .
the authors mood in the memoir <person> is thankful .
people take it for granted and use it for wrong when its meant to spread the word of happiness .
about <percent> of our world enjoys nature .
also <percent> of adults staying is good .
who in the world would say a computer is useless .
we sat there for what seems hill an hour waiting for her decision .
when i am happy all i do is smile and laugh .
but if a person has a problem with the way the author sees the world walking out their front door will show that same thing .
teens who are going to be immature about it does not deserve to have all those things .
the other teams were really good .
the question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good .
this caused the cyclist to become overheated ad sweaty .
computers <caps> said that computer help <percent> of <caps> with their hand-eye coordination .
another thing that the computer offers is hand-eye coordination .
the mood of this story is very positive .
but self control is the only way to avoid this problem .
nature played its role because the winds on top of the building were constantly changing due to violent air currents .
so you walk through that door and you mouth instantly fills with warm saliva .
what if <caps> were real and they are watching us .
everyone should be able to express themselves and what they like .
computer advances are bad for our country and town .
at this point the cyclist has no water and is very dehydrated .
most dirigibles coming from outside of the united states were filled with hydrogen .
longest five hours even but i was patient so <caps> was fine .
later the night we were with all my family cutting my nieces cake and me and my dad were not talking .
the libraries would have a very watered down material base and there would be no reason to use this place anymore .
you need to have fun in your life to keep you happy .
music is one of the biggest part of our society today .
its a gorgeous <date> day .
another feature has it was hot which means he was losing water because it either evaporated or he was drinking it .
the final problem he faces is the <caps> .
she was very depressed too .
then i thought <caps> was hungry .
it was the cool thing for the <organization> studs .
then <caps> decided to change the subject for the time being because <caps> saw that i was still squeezing my car keys .
this is the mood created by the author in the memoir .
you will lose artifacts and stories about the history of the world .
we also talked in a <caps> accent all the time because one of our friends was from <location> .
he says the sun began taking harder ran and the terrain turned into short rolling hills .
however there are many different beliefs on this subject .
movies should be left rated for whom they should be rated for .
the building was abandoned .
technology has advanced so far that it might be better to stay home and on the computer than taking a walk in the park .
we had really bonded in between the laughter .
websites are invented on the main idea of communicating .
<caps> was calling my name to take me off .
the dirigibles will never be tied down to the moor because it would break the law .
all the distractions easily make <caps> forget the main purpose of why <caps> play the game .
computers have helped save lives and benefit lives in ways people never could have imagined sixty years ago .
one day when i was walking put side i found a snake on a rock .
they came selflessly this shows that he wanted the readers to know how caring and loving his parents were .
i think it personally shows emotions out loud .
they let us look things up by easier means than a person or book .
on <date> i was with my dad at <num> am .
but looking back on the same occurrence you just have to laugh at how silly it was .
the second seed was <person> from <organization> .
the students in schools today are the future leaders of the world .
this led to many bake sales and fund raisers .
like their should not be anything that would be offensive or profanity in the <caps> or <caps> <caps> .
if they limit their time on the computer and do some active game it would be better for the child .
it is like removing something just because one person does not like it .
lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it .
that day was a lot of fun .
the whole nervousness i had at the beginning of the day was gone .
the hibiscus also relates to the theme because it is able to adjust to changes .
the builders of the empire state building faced many problems trying to make dirigibles able to dock there .
other websites like this are <caps> and <caps> <percent> of people in <location> have an account on one of these websites .
<person> told me if your on the computer for <num> hours on the computer for <num> hours straight your eyes can get worst .
i use the computer offer for fun and research .
we both had very outgoing personalities and had to be doing something at all times .
ever since the day he farted i have thanked <caps> for <caps> .
first off they can be dangerous .
say if two people found a book offensive an five people liked the book dose that mean that it should be removed .
we have <caps> through so much together .
it could be interesting to someone else but not you .
thats my way of thinking about the computers helping us in our education .
if someone else wants to read or watch the piece of material then they also have the right to do that .
his water supply is almost gone .
then ask for transfer very nicely .
this reality caused builders to spend over <money> modifying the building .
another major reason is because of the extreme health issues computers are .
shifting winds due to violent air currents were also a huge issue .
even though she failed the test she is still going to try again .
we also have choices at a library .
she said that just looking at the screen and she wanted to go helped a lot .
i think that laughing could be the shortest distance between two people .
he thought if he died no one would find him faster the birds would pick him clean .
you cant keep getting mad at them for making fun of me .
a simple message though one of these websites will make someones day and could even make yours .
the cyclist had only brought so many water bottles and was quickly drinking them all .
like if you ask someone to get you something and they say that they will get it in a certain amount of days .
certain material such at rated <caps> movies and romance novels are not inappropriate or unacceptable .
the sign said <num> minutes wait .
but we also have the option to eat outside on our porch .
we started to talk about where we were from and what schools we go to .
i say the only reason why the author included that last paragraph was to show she was not going to give up easy .
<caps> this time the cyclist is enjoying his trip and is in a positive mood .
i said anything i want .
in the <date> people migrated here to escape the control that their government had in their homeland .
in <date> libraries there are many books and movies that represent racism .
these are the <caps> the builders of the empire state building faced .
the answer to that would probably be sit down in front <organization> a computer all day .
some believe that it is necessary others would disagree .
you can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer .
in the morning we stopped and ate breakfast .
he is <num> and we hang out just about every day .
there would be something just a bit different or new about whatever that person is checking out .
if the books are censored then some messages might not get conveyed and misinformation <month> run adrift .
it was a two days before i had to the doctor .
the technology of computers to learn about the far away places .
the cyclist is coming out himself and stating that the dessert has him thinking hes seeing something and letting him down by it not being real .
the wind is too strong that the dirigible would be swirling around even if it was tied up .
i am happy he is patient but sometimes he is too patient .
for example shopping addictions are a good way to blow money because its so easy .
it is a huge step up in the education process .
one of the most loyal customers to the library are children and their parents .
computers are an amazing benefit to society .
i was very excited to go on that ride .
see libraries have many things to do .
<caps> <caps> <person> is here time to go .
<person> laughed at me .
it says that over <num> thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework in order to accommodate dirigibles .
the last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard .
my body was <num> years old .
the dog jumped up and bit me in my face .
this language is damaging how kids read and write .
the name of the book is called the <caps> <caps> .
you can just use <organization> and you type your essay .
pretty soon <caps> kind as a human will become all together through the <caps> .
here is my last reason .
some have never been offended .
thinking about that helped the cyclist keep going .
i said just do the homework .
so why take that information away from me .
either way games on the computer are too addicting .
this is a perfect way for transportation and learn new things about other places .
obesity is a huge problem in <location> .
this is the effect of library censorship .
she is going to build up and change in time for the retake of the test its like a rebirth in a way .
my brothers room was upstairs and we somehow wanted to incorporate his mattress into our fun .
what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive .
the only way a child would see them is only if you point them out .
since there was such high winds on top of the building there was no feasible way to dock the blimp in less it was perfect weather .
m went through after a brief entry on what to do if there is an emergency .
when my brother broke his finger it seemed like he was <person> .
the computer saves us time and money to do these things .
but docking was a whole different idea .
what some people might find offensive others will find interesting .
we cannot clearly draw the line between offensive and okay because we are all different .
his music is just i <caps> of his life .
over <percent> of kids in the <caps> .
my mom has outstanding patience because she can wait for things for hours and not get frustrated .
so then a guy finds out about it and send a message to the white house and that would save all the people in the white houses lives .
i would be nothing without her .
that is history in this world and they should know it .
another feature of the setting is the rolling hills that make him feel like he is never going to reach the next town .
bullying has been a major problem in the <location> for many years .
as they came over one by one we watched football on the <caps> until the entire gang was at the house .
in this quote he is thanking and appreciating all the work his parents went through to give him a good life .
although the teen sitting right next to her likes that gossip .
or so that is what i believe and grew up with .
the people that abuse the access of their computer too much should think and find something else to do .
know you know that i think that computers need to be seen less throughout the human day .
if they did decide to remove these books are kids would have a hard time learning about the truth .
<caps> thing i know she was hanging up .
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then so does everyone else .
it was breezy with shade from trees and rivers .
others <month> like it like you like your favorite candy .
we need to be able to go to a library and find what we need or want to see or hear .
they would have never had the chance to make their own opinions .
our car ready to break down and our clothes we out grow .
that is one way our sex offenders get a way around .
the conclusion mentions the test again .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly .
in the story the cyclist is affect by many features of the desert .
people should get off the computer and make some plans with their family .
you can also use them to meet new people .
nobody want to feel like their in a sauna when they are bike riding .
the authors upbringing makes the reader curious and warm because they want to know more and learning about cultures and celebrations gives the reader a warm feeling .
i chuckled this shows that the author is still in good spirits because he can still laugh .
therefore an airship trying to dock at the empire state building would be breaking the law .
some books might be to explicit for a child to read .
all <person> had to focus on was accomplishing his task .
and did i mention that he had three pages to do .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
so everyone was trying to quickly finish up their projects be taping their plants on their poster .
the author created a heartfelt mood in the memoir .
theres new websites all around the world today .
my dad went to the doctor again .
me and my other sister sat on my car .
what wont kill you will make you stronger .
<caps> been proven that <percent> of information found on <caps> is true .
the frame was not strong enough to support the dirigibles when docked so the had to reinforce the frame to withstand the strain the dirigibles would present .
computers are not the way to go .
even teacher es lets the teachers communicate with parents so it helps you communicate without everyone being in your conversation on the phone .
there are a lot of websites that are educational <percent> things on the computer are worth having .
with a cellphone you have to buy the phone and pay the bill every month .
libraries are often thought of as a room full of books inside a school building .
i felt that she had hope because she is willing to take the test again .
with very little water .
there are so many materials in the world that are found to be offensive .
an obstacle that the builders faced was providing safety .
out came the closed sign .
my sister randomly comes home without us noticing .
students need computers to help them complete homework and class projects .
even though laughing is such a wonderful thing you still need to be careful and know when the right time to laugh is and when its not .
she is going to look on the bright side of things and restore her self to come back and pass the test
i had some friends with not a really close distance but we would laugh a lot .
they struggled both personally and financially it says in paragraph <num> .
books for everyone .
it is a key item when someone is looking to travel .
is mentioned in the last paragraph .
that idea was neither safe or practical .
todays youth is messier than it ever was .
paragraph <num> is a great example of how the mood created by the author is so happy .
the theme of this story is adjusting to things in life .
this is why computers are good .
well that how i see it lets go on .
we were at the park and i put my head in the monkey bars .
adults know what is right from wrong than what children do .
some people think its alright .
the winds in the airspace <num> feet in the air were not only strong but constantly shifting due to violent air currents so forceful that even the u .
another long wait to be patient at airport security .
it was stated that outside of the u .
this is how websites like <organization> make billions from the words being typed into the search engine .
so they both agreed that is would be best if they just stay as friends .
this is a good way for workers to know whats going on outside of the office .
this is why the author concludes with such a sentence because us as readers should show memories of her farmland will help her pass her drivers test .
my freshmen in high school was my second year total in public school because i was previously home schooled by my parents .
two <date> of waiting and finally popped up .
the expression on her face made me happy to know she was listening .
the violent air currents at these heights would cause the dirigible to swerve around the mooring mast .
yet <caps> very lovable and sometimes sweet .
she made a bad day turn into a fun one .
that <percent> right for what they are think .
<caps> days you can talk through the <caps> with a person in <location> without needing to go to <location> .
this is very bad for your health and body .
the articles would probably be <num> after the events occur .
but remember my reasons why not to spend too much time .
when my brother and i was in the shore he was buying a pair of shoes .
the text says pumped the handle for several minutes but the water would not cool it tasted like battery acid .
dehydration is when your body begins to shut down due to lack of water .
architects and engineers talked with experts about the equipment needed to build the dirigibles .
this toy is shaped like a bowl .
think about a gun battle scene of a movie or a death in a book .
all these good people got together and became family .
but if i would complain a lot i knew i would get in trouble .
being younger then everybody i was wildly bored .
we ended up buying three <caps> parasols and the fourth parasol was free .
before computers kids played outside running and playing around .
my brother and i were the only ones visiting from our family .
others think there kids seeing those offensive things will make them learn from it .
they ran into a lot of problem right off the bat and kept running into them .
they all looked funny doing their dance .
i yell from the car window .
my name is <caps> and my views on censorship in libraries are that if any material that are found offensive should be take off the shelves .
so when he found out he knew had to make his taller .
again i was waiting for over twenty minutes .
studies have shown that children who go on the computer every single day for more than two hours are most timely to see their grades drop .
would add stress to the buildings frame .
thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and i hope you agree .
how there was cooking by his loving parents which eventually pass down their culinary skills to him .
this setting is important because it adds a sense of urgency to his trip when he starts to run low on water .
she made fish faces and sounds like she pretended to be a monkey in a tree .
computers are what makes all this possible .
these were the moods created by the <caps> in this memoir .
i was really happy to hear that and he brought me the most beautiful ring ever .
censorship of <caps> of <caps> all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
we get a call from <caps> saying that it is clear for awhile .
my team had witnessed these acts of rage countless times before .
that is how the setting affects the cyclist .
the removal of these things <month> become harmful to a new generation in the long run .
i also knew that there was a potential of them being angry with me .
i turned cherry red .
my first reason is about searching new places and meeting new people .
after that day me and my best friend <caps> always laugh at that story .
when your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard .
<caps> grabs the third one and uses it to block the fourth one .
in my case my mom did not want me to watch anything that was bad .
and that my friends is not alright .
computers distract people from their needs says <person> of <organization> .
they make research easier and faster to find .
bullying also gets you in trouble when you are caught doing the bullying .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to made to the buildings framework .
so i just thought <caps> was doing something for work .
all they need to do is select the items they wish to purchase and await for its arrival a few days later .
it is not very funny to the person being teased .
there were so many great places to visit and learn about the history of <location> .
my dad was pretty upset that my brother and i were accused of stealing .
our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
waited for her mother <caps> come back .
games puppets and movies and easy books .
if something bad has happened you will know this and will be able to help them .
how would we be call the land of the free if we are censoring everything .
<caps> dad was patient because he had in important meeting with his boss did not came yet so <caps> dad sat down and waited .
they had to think about all the people and how close it would be to the building .
another problem with docking blimps on the empire state building was a law that stopped dirigibles from flying too low over populated areas .
sometimes i just cant stand my parents anymore and i lose my temper and become impatient with them and that usually makes things worse for me .
after that first ride we decided we had better put an extra pillow up on the wall somehow .
personally i believe that items that are found offensive should be left on the book shelves .
we wanted to be prepared for our new family members .
the topic was dropped and never brought up again until the <date> i saw him .
sometime you wont have a good life without enjoying it .
i mouthed back lazily .
you should take it up with one of the workers so they can move it to a different section .
everyone likes different things and has different views .
but if they do not put offensive things on the shelves they will not end up being in a law suit
we started to date in the <num> grade .
talking to family and friends without spending money .
<caps> had a valid point .
<caps> get families get back on their feet .
this shows that they appreciate its similarity to the old hibiscus .
and then <caps> kissed me .
i was bored there was nothing good on .
its different than laughter with your friends .
its luxury of having a family .
while i was eating she told me she was proud of me on how patient i was while she was gone .
we all know that there are books out there are parents hope we never get a hold of .
after sitting there <caps> got some free food .
it is a time of renewed .
therefore it should be age appropriate .
he seen me just laying there .
my speech was told with puppets with a cardboard box around <caps> to serve the purpose of a television .
many people say its like staring into a flashlight for an extended amount of time .
my friends and i can just sit there and laugh for hours and nothing .
from their she was taken to <caps> and held from ransom .
that was a time that i was very patient .
in my life i have had bad times and good times .
secondly not a lot of people will go to the library to look up information for a paper for a school .
i looked up and <person> was covered in mud from head to toe .
adults and children alike are lacking social needs .
not only does the settings affect the cyclist but the entire story around him .
it is when i am getting my hair cut .
the hills would make any riding more difficult .
many features of the setting affected the cyclist in rough road ahead .
the single cable tether that would hold the dirigibles would add stress to the buildings frame .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
books are here to enlighten people and let them experience something they never would have been able to on their own .
these two things are not okay .
since it was pitch dark she had the flash light with her .
its imperative that the community takes action to stop this from happening .
before i knew it we became close friends and it was all due to the amazing powers of laughter that can bring to strangers together into best friends .
some people think that using computers deprives people of going out and exercising .
we all sat in the living room listening to music while most of the girls were up stairs getting ready .
it is never right to tell people what they can or can not know .
<caps> also says that <caps> will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice .
unfortunate for us we stumbled on to another interesting thing it was a short little dresses on a clothing rack .
if getting off the computer changed my families lifestyle then it will do the same to others as well .
censorship is a matter of great contention today .
<person> was very proud of where he lived even though his house was not a mansion or even close to a big house .
because of the high winds the dirigibles were constantly shift .
that is why this idea was unpractical and unsafe .
the <caps> statistics that came out from <caps> drivers .
the children learning these new things from the book can cause the children to use everyday and make it popular .
out of nowhere <person> little nephew starts dancing and laughing while doing it .
you can go in the computer in <location> and the you see the pieces of your car .
of course there are benefits .
i stammered walking back home .
so <date> i ask her one more time and she said .
my mom means the world to me just as i mean the world to her .
people can send horrible messages to someone .
so i gave her a dollar .
the woman asked for the third time .
people should be able to do what they enjoy and not have that taken from them .
the empire state building faced various obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i had to remind him over and over not to be so loud .
he just sit in front of his computer and do nothing .
each time we had an activity everyone began to connect more and more and each time came more laughter .
it helped cool us down during the heat of the day .
this is a true story about laughter and its affects on my life .
one thing that always make me laugh is my family and friends .
trees also are home to many living organisms .
this is what majority of the people in our society rely on .
his water supply was thinning from the heat and the hills were tiring him beyond reason .
every body started to form a circular around the kid and every body was laughing and copying the kids movement even us .
he created a mood very uplifting and loving as if to say your childhood and family is the heart of your home .
with a click of a button you should be going to <caps> or a nice vacation .
i will just turn it off or not read it anymore .
ironically it was an abandoned building .
i darted inside and grabbed a cart .
<caps> is grateful that his parents did that for him .
that is why trying to dock a dirigible on the empire state building was an impractical idea .
one big obstacle they had to overcome is when the dirigibles dock it would leave stress on the foundation of the building .
censoring destroys books and the learning curriculum of multiple students .
then he cycled along the desert which was very hot .
but laughter could always push you away from someone .
finally some progress after that waiting .
i had to wait for a long time .
obviously i have reason too agree with the statement laughter is the shortest distance between two people because i have that connection in the best way possible .
also its being used for good .
in some cases builders of the empire state building faced obstacles such as safety .
also most families or friends will lose contact because they lost a fun way to communicate .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the conditions seem impossible to make it in .
the hibiscus reminds her of her homeland and gives her comfort .
i was looking for <person> and i was waiting for him to be done .
that was the time i was really patient
then i decided to take a drink of my <organization> .
no one wants to be around a person with no sense of humor .
you can get pictures and information of the thing you are looking up .
they were just writing what they thought went along with the story and some people took offense from the book or magazine .
he feels more confident and can ride to his destination .
i hope that by the end of this letter you will see that computers do benefit our society .
then they can talk in time .
whether someone knows it or not when you are typing fast it is help you hands .
her tone tells the mood by writing with passion .
so i had a talk with her and we came to an understanding .
i think at least <percent> of these people spend to much time on the computer and not exercising .
that is how i had patient for about <num> to <num> hours long .
i got irritated with someone on the game and ended up throwing the controller at my television and broke it .
the mood of this duration is very warm and happy .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
it can have a lot to do with your life .
these are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday .
they could throw the music out .
the mood in the memoir is very happy .
another reason i think they should stay on the shelves its their opinion if the book offends them .
although <caps> might seem rude and disrespectful you have just made a bond with the person right next to you and found a similarity between the both of you .
to this day the record still stands and the person who holds the record is me .
<caps> second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework .
but the momma bird was still patient .
i guess i stayed in that line for more than an hour .
<caps> <caps> the computer craze does not stop kids will continue not to go out side and get to have some fun .
there was also a lot of life at his house .
a library <month> not be able to please everyone .
it would be dangerous to have an unstable dirigible hanging above crowded city streets .
<caps> thats my reasons that the computer is good for communicating .
then the terrain in changes when he says flat road was replaced
he would take my bike like if <caps> was his .
we knew we had patience .
these reasons are why by the 1930s the plan to create a mooring mass for the dirigibles on the empire state building was dropped .
this affected the cyclist because he got very hot and thirsty .
i think and i think most people will say the same thing to that if you want a good relationship you need to laugh .
builders of the empire state building faced many challenges while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
another thing libraries need to watch are magazines .
my first major reason is it can and does help hand eye coordination every day .
the government of the <organization> needs to crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional .
a small closed off room in a library should be sufficient to contain all the books deemed crude .
some obstacles the builders faced were too much stress to the buildings frame .
it usually expresses the feeling of happiness and joy .
finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them .
the back of the ship with swivel around the mooring mast while it was tethered .
once <person> got up on the <caps> runner i hopped on the the tube and i told my brother i was ready .
buying books that you would like to read can get expensive .
the solution is certainly not to remove what some find offensive for many people will disagree until eternity .
i really do believe laughter plays a big part in any family .
but we kept on laughing because <person> nephew kept on dancing .
he had lived longer .
we open the shed and one of <person> dirt bikes had fallen over .
growing up in a multiracial community made him accustomed to being a non segregated individual .
different genres of music <month> even send bad messages .
this girl just failed her driving test she dose not want to take it right away .
there is an obvious pattern .
some libraries <month> not meet their requirements and that is why libraries do not have as much business as others .
and use the computer only when you need to .
a computer can be used for many things like learning .
also you can have the ability to talk to people .
that could be offensive to the children and the parents .
if your a stay at home mom ya can work on the computer to handle finances .
but i think as much i did properly interpret the aspect of what this is supposed to mean overall .
the dessert is very hot .
so why try and control us all as one .
i feel so proud that they wanted to leave to come have a better life .
so all i am sating is that censorships are not needed in libraries .
there is also the instance where a parent would have the child check out a specific movie with a <caps> rating .
when you laugh you are having fun .
people have their own opinions and views on materials .
or your family can be having a movie night and your on the computer while they leave .
popcorn was a good dog too so was the other dogs but <caps> <caps> was a biter .
they are going to miss out of nature or hanging out with friends .
just as when <caps> campaigners present themselves to the public and announce what party they will be running for and what their beliefs and disbeliefs are .
towards the end he found a building and he used all of his strength to get to it just to find that it was an abandoned juice factory .
it happen to have the answer to his question .
it will not be safe for the pedestrians below the empire state building .
authors are brilliant people .
your family is going to be by your side no matter what .
a recent debate has arisen over <person> the <caps> of <organization> .
the winter starts to give her the feels all hope is lost .
all those thing are some positive benefits people have computers .
finally i did about two back flips into the water .
plus on video sites there are comedy .
people need them to have an enjoyable life .
i could hear <person> talking to <organization> but i was making my my mind convoluted .
my group was first to entertain and we had finally selected our volunteers and actors .
or they wont answer and they need information fast .
when we were there the music was really loud and a bunch of people were drinking and getting drunk and doing stupid stuff .
mom died when i was just six years old .
there are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone .
this also adds a cozy feel to the environment .
i wrote a speech in which i explained my talents and the many things i enjoy .
all freedoms are taken away by that one word .
a public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in .
there must have been <num> or <num> people in front of us .
day in and day out i would notice his little red pick-up leave in the morning and return at night .
this could also have an impact on the censorship in libraries .
the mood created by the author was a great mood .
you could gain loads of knowledge and make interaction with others easier with a click of the cursor .
i think laughter is so much more powerful than we realize .
after about <num> minutes i stop laughing .
my other reason was nature .
every year on <month> <num> my family become seasonal at a camp ground .
we sat there for <num> minutes before the <caps> came in .
so go got your camera and go some where with wild life and have fun .
political correctness can not always be followed when writing a story .
when you are new at <caps> good to make other people laugh specially when its not at you directly .
after we visited <date> we got a call from my <caps> <person> with some bad news .
sometimes they are typing the facts and also what they feel is write to say .
now i was angry of course because my mom always says nor has something to say to my dad and me when i get a game .
those are some obstacles the builders faced .
the dry climate and lack of water affects him by having doubt .
i do not believe that censorship in libraries is a good thing .
it made me feel like even through hard times people can find the good in things .
we were there for an hour .
but for me its easy .
the greatest obstacle was the law passed .
he ran into snakes and very deserted country .
labeling books clearly with any suggestive content the book <month> contain would help this issue tremendously .
you can email fast .
one simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer .
i had <caps> interest in being pulled into this argument .
some of my favorite movies are funny .
<caps> <date> was a very interesting <date> that was full of laughter and joy .
if ask an adult how ever they are most likely going to say yes .
she loved it too because walking now gave her so much more freedom but she got herself into a lot more mischief now .
through out our friendship we have learned to be much quieter when we do our breathing and when we laugh during a class or something important .
the cyclist tip gets worse when he reads for the next town .
the cyclist should have never taken the advice from the older men .
the main idea here is that all books that are in the library should stay in the library .
the first obstacle they faced was the existing law against airships flying too low in urban areas .
we then started to <organization> things that he could find there that would remind him of home .
and we all knew that before she told us .
the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was nature itself .
he dropped himself on the bench with the elegance of an enraged walrus .
computer even have a positive effect on people across the world .
<caps> all of paragraph <num> is about how grateful he is to his parents .
soon the new guest was over much more often .
there are many ways to describe the mood of the memoir .
you now understand it better than the other students .
when we went inside there were like a billion people in there .
the bus appeared and a sense of joy appeared with it .
later the grandmother reads it and finds out it says everything opposite of what the grandchild was taught about life by herself and her parents .
well i would waited <caps> went past no sign of a letter from him .
libraries should censor some of there material .
some people <caps> find ways to get those censored as well .
by sitting up straight in your computer chair all day can improve your posture .
when we got to <caps> <person> was in a bad mood because he was ready to go home .
finally they opened up the ride again so now my other brother and sister did not come with us .
i use to search it all the time and i made a poster project for fun .
think about the ones that do .
we waited for two hours .
there we cuddled together for a good <num> minuets .
history is a big part of life that everyone one should know .
your outside <caps> about a few hours .
when my grandma <num> pm .
only one thing was bad .
it was <date> and i could see the snow pouring down as i drank hot chocolate .
we visited the puppies <num> more time when they were still really young .
this makes her feel more at home because it was always like this before she moved .
when i packed my things in the truck i had wait in a <num> hour car ride till i get to my training in port <location> .
this is a book giving the kids to see how things were .
that was my story about the time i had to be patient .
stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and cause other good chances in life for people in need for those chances .
in the following i want to explain my opinion towards censorship in libraries .
about ten minutes later i get a text saying meet me outside to walk around .
i think there should be no books taken off the shelfs .
the computers have gone to far now .
my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we consider family .
so after <money> minutes .
everyday i go to basketball practice to watch all my friends play .
this method is widely used today in the modern world .
for example the cyclist was in a very hot and dry place .
i was patient for about four months .
so the <location> should think about what i am saying .
he learned a family was a unity of people that helped each other .
often she wondered what went though their minds when <caps> got angry .
the story of <organization> is just one example of censorship .
smith faced many obstacles and persisted with hard efforts in attempt to bring his vision to life .
this is one reason the computer is a good source .
you could picture the house and smell the aromas .
thats <caps> the time has come t decide .
my parents believe that i am at the right age that i should be allowed to listen to whatever type of music i want to .
i thought i would be able to stay awake the whole way but i was marked impossible .
i think that computers help society learn and helps people to talks to others around the world .
the other reason and most important reason is because dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building because its illegal .
but that is not the only bad thing about them .
<caps> example from the text says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
these were all obstacles that should have been thought through and realized before construction for the empire state buildings mooring mast ever begin .
to this day we all still reminisce about that hot <date> day at <organization> when <caps> attempted a gainer off the cliff .
no parents want to walk around and hear there children saying these things or doing these actions .
the <caps> mood in this memoir is being grateful .
these observation areas were to double as the boarding area for dirigible passengers .
computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate .
the cyclist is tired and dehydrated because he ran out of water .
the <caps> example that i can think of is a movie that is <caps> rated .
<caps> might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him .
sharing laughter could help your relationship and make it stronger .
being an <caps> citizen you have the right to write down whatever you want to write down .
also your not just siting there your moving your fingers and your using your brain .
this is now the mood created by the author was solidarity .
the lunch lady saw how upset he was and she gave him a special lunch .
i never went with him until about one year ago .
a man by the name of <person> comes to my mind when asked about censorship in the media .
then my mom took me to the hospital where she works .
i found an example to show that he was thirsty .
i think that computers are good because of these reason .
one of those freedoms is the freedom of speech .
more often than not .
i do not believe books or any other thing should be removed from libraries shelf .
once again i do believe computers can have a positive effect on people .
the computer is the thing that gets people addicted to something .
so what would really happen if all the offensive materials were taken off the shelves of a public library or say a <organization> .
they get threatening emails .
the main character is faced with a problem of man versus nature and the heat is winning .
laughter to everyone means something different .
if i was going to take music off the shelf it would only be the ones with a lot of bad language .
those are some examples on how they create the mood .
then we got in the shade it was a cool and nice .
computers maybe useful but they are over used .
also the setting seems to be very hot .
also why laughter is so special to me .
my use it when people are hurt and i know some people use it to learn about magazine subscription and other thing to buy .
you are always thinking about just that and no other things in life .
he made everything seem better and better each and every time we talked .
a cyclist was riding through a town and asked for directions .
most people now think this is very racist .
computers have helped greatly in speeding up the teaching process .
as he began to ride into the day break of morning he had strong legs and even a smile on his face .
there just trying to say that it means more then anything to them and they do not want it to be bothered .
third of <caps> cant afford one .
they would add a rocket shaped tower built out shiny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel .
there are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on .
that is what family is about .
my second reason is you can have fun .
we must enjoy what we have in this life .
what started as a confident ride into the desert became a survival ride .
<caps> turns out theres a website that gives a recipe for a stir fry and you follow a do make the best one even .
one time were i was patient .
this tells how the narrator is thankful .
i think that libraries will have more business with the offensive things then without .
to be patient is to be understanding and tolerant .
when i emerged i heard the drunk man yell from the other side of the bank .
the first days were rough .
it is understandable to have a little tone in the with some knowledge within the eyes in a book .
he was dying of thirst and then he found the bottling plant .
that what make kids think its alright when their parents do what ever it maybe .
customers in surrounding booths peer over the edge of their bench eying us with distaste .
my next reason why spending time on the computer too much is bad is because you wont have time for your friends or family .
i had gotten all dried off and started to put my jeans back on .
they <month> start to talk and become good friends .
more problems the architects face were the sharp spires atop many of the buildings around .
some media and literature has passed this point and it should not be allowed on shelves .
he loves cooking and his parents taught him how to cook .
a final problem that the builders faced was a law that airships flying too low over urban areas .
but overall the mood is sad .
when kids are on computers they always click on the <caps> up ads .
one of the reasons that mooring a dirigible on the top of the building is most dirigibles that would come to this dock from outside the u .
i believe there should not be any censorship in libraries .
the designers designed a new tower that was a shinny glass and chrome-nickel stainless steel tower that would be illuminated from the inside .
i do think that a magazine is a book .
people need to understand that it you are not patient then particular things want happen to you .
one main problem was that the architects could not just drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
books about how only a couple of us made it .
<person> makes <caps> laugh all the time and i think thats a good thing to her because she can be a very funny person all the time .
they wont get the recommended one hour of exercise a day .
a mooring mast on the top of the empire state building could never be functional .
first off i would like to say the computer is a good source of information .
you should check the rating of the movie that you are checking out of the library or if you are watching it at home or any other places .
i loved those earphones they were blue my favorite color .
most of these kids now a days read books because they watch the movie to the story .
i should probably start rapping things up .
so my mom and i decided on an agreement <caps> i pay <money> then she will pay the other half .
it was hard to stay on our feet .
these part of the setting gave the cyclist a bad affect .
everyone cannot be the same it just would not work .
it is how others think about what is out there in these libraries not what you think
the men who were constructing the building did not put enough thought in to the practicality of the new form .
since she was upset giving it time until she takes the test again is good .
it is a free world .
but thats not my case .
also you take your car and go out into a morning drive feel the breeze .
it could be offensive to some people but not all .
well computers can be a good or a bad thing .
this led to the second obstacle which was modifying and strengthening the the steel frame of the empire state building to accommodate the first obstacle .
they can also teach you about far away places .
my dad came running picked me up and put me in the truck to go to the <caps> .
he was filled with enjoyment as he watched his only daughter do what she did best .
for example your family would want to go out but you say no because of that computer <caps> parents would <caps> they would because your lack of communication with the family .
he asked her to dance .
i should also add in that using the computers our school is in communication with a school in <location> .
because they spend to much time on computers and less time exercising .
this way other people can read these books .
the next practice i showed up and was partnered up with a girl named <person> .
there are so many websites that let you pick games you want to play out of a huge selection .
people use them everyday .
he gets up eats breakfast .
for the people who do pleasure reading they most of the time stick to only one type of genre .
there was many different obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
computers have none of that .
these are things that are happening and parents need to open their eyes and see whats happening before its to late .
they should tell you what type of stuff is in there before you go in .
i do <caps> think that certain books should necessarily be removed from the shelf because of violation of rights to speech which includes written speech as well .
schools also are teaching us about the computer <caps> as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more .
make sure that you talk to your child about what is right and wrong .
i was still laughing when he gave me my ticket for speeding and expired insurance .
the computer through keep you in touch .
they would come to that library and complain about them actually taking that off the shelves .
i myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games .
and there is nothing that can stop people from talking .
start doing things that people cant do on the computer .
i personally like watching movies or reading books that are thrilling and <month> have some violence in them .
<caps> society is killing our minds and many young people who think their life is miserable just go out and commit suicide .
we can only hope for the best
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
overall the mood created by the author in the story is love .
the law was against airships flying too low over urban areas .
with this mindset i proceeded into the conference room for the first time since <person> had left .
<caps> i started laughing .
you <month> be saying thats a good thing .
the ball goes sailing into the goal .
people should at least be trusted enough to use their own conscience .
the weather outside was all gloomy and disappointing .
people are going to be mad or angry no matter what happens
my mom a little angry with me because i kept on getting mad at her .
no i disagree with this situation because computers are a modern day tech that people use .
the author is thankful for his parent .
in libraries there is not as much supervision as their needs to be .
it mostly educates it .
i realized that we were going the wrong way .
it is just hoe our economy is these days .
i conclude that these features in the setting affected the cyclist in many ways but he keep pushing himself to more on .
these types of entertainment should not be aloud to be removed from public or private libraries .
his parents made it into a home with loving memories and his family moments .
it shows me that they can smile and not some stuck up want to be perfect robot .
it was said between the dirigibles load and wind pressure the stress would be distributed all the way to foundation of the building .
i think there should be a select area for which the inappropriate material should be kept .
that was one of my best nights ever .
a great laugh can make a persons day and put a smile on their face .
the society as a whole had lost <caps> human emotions and became submissive to the government .
people that spend to much time on the computer do not have time to interact with family or friends .
your old enough to be able to handle the content .
it shows that she is strong willed and wont give up easy .
computers have a positive effect because you can communicate with other people around the world .
<caps> ho chose to end the story this way because the story represents the guest for adaptation .
would add stress to the buildings frame .
the mooring mast would have stressed the building .
the mooring mast by <organization> tells a few obstacles the builders had to face to allow dirigibles to dock the empire state building .
the coach was there to recruit players for his <caps> team .
in life you really just have to have fun do what your supposed to do and laugh .
computers should disposed of before they cause the end of the world .
whenever i come home from school ill go on the computer and talk to all my friends .
the offensive book towards sexists and towards black people .
computers are one of the best technology we have <date> .
i think it should be .
this shows that it is <caps> good for a child to see such offensive things .
in conclusion i am very patient for my mother no matter what .
influencing people to think about things that are viewed by everyone is not a bad thing when it can be used to inspire people in their lives .
i went to my mom and asked her if i could get a phone .
he only recounts good things and happy memories in the entire memoir .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by the mood the cyclist and what happens as he journeys in the desert to a town .
after every one gets done eating we sit down and commence the opening of the presents in order from youngest to oldest .
and all this takes patience .
no matter how the builders built the empire state building they still face nature as an obstacle .
computers are a good benefit to society they you to talk to people give different for you the the latest updates .
this <month> all swim like a activity but it is really pulling us away from our social lives .
the empire state building was equipped for transportation .
my mother is the most patient person i know .
the use of this technology can old people in discovering so many new things they have never known before .
removing music from libraries is difficult for me to even begin to try and accept .
<caps> the law was another obstacle they had to face .
and in a world where its more important than ever to do .
there should be no reason that one person or persons should try taking something off of a shelf at a library just because they find it offensive .
she was lazy and never wanted to exercise .
i was shy and felt <caps> stomach starting to do flips which was never a good sign .
to prove this in the first sentence in <caps> <caps> it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
these are sometimes when i had to be patience .
every book has a different experience that can help a child learn .
my dog is <caps> and they are known for herding cows .
so she is going to be reading to prepare for when the spring comes when the hibiscus is budding then she will be budding too by passing her test .
the next time your with your friends or grouped with strangers tell them a joke .
it took mere patience to fix it .
this started to affect <person> relationship with <person> .
this is why there needs to be an age limit on this type of media .
she is grateful for all that her parents sacrificed to give her a better life .
they act hyper and mean to other people or even other children .
there stood <person> with a vindictive look in her eyes and two hands placed on her hips .
i noticed the terrain changing .
from that i knew i need to talk to her an make her laugh .
one of the moods of the story is love .
even with the house being so great my favorite part wear the rail rode tracks .
we went to the cheapest spot in town and filled up my car .
yes it dose have a positive effect on some people .
the computer also has lots of music that you can listen to .
a computer <month> suggest exercise but you are not going to really do it .
he <caps> that <percent> of his job is using a <caps> .
that one stupid word stood in my way no .
i was scared of that coaster .
<caps> cant win every time .
it would be much simpler and healthier to just walk over to their house .
i was sad to have to wait but happy it was over .
one reason i feel this way is that computers can improve hand-eye coordination and other skills .
television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer .
winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i am very fortunate for having a computer that can help with not only school work but my social life and how i make friends .
thank you for listening .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the people it helps are kids in school to look up an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet .
i agree that some books are inappropriate and have bad language in them but thats part of the book and how the story was made .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their .
i can tell that he is inspired by them .
<caps> is the one that freaks over any little thing we say or do .
this is the reason for the author to conclude this story like he does .
so it would be a lot harder to make-up .
the best way to take care of those things <caps> nature .
laughter eased the pain and sorrow of that dreadful day .
builders also had to face the reality of an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
because its rely important to have hand-eye .
young children can be very loud and energetic .
after i was finished with that i decided that i needed to find something else to do while i was waiting .
there are many types of materials in the library to entertain you .
that is how the setting affects the cyclist .
having the empire state building dock and hold dirigibles brought up so hefty problems for the builders .
possibly even when we say something weird or walk funny because we really have to go to the bathroom .
while waiting for food we started talking about our friends and having a good time .
we did all sorts of things together .
the mood in this memoir changes throughout the story .
laughing has been said to relieve stress and makes you seem more approachable to someone you <month> not know yet .
everyone is awkwardly and excitedly standing there waiting for their seating arrangement .
i believe that libraries should remove materials that are offensive .
i think i proved my point of why computers are sometimes bad and sometimes good like people .
<person> and i slept on one bed and <person> on the other .
everything will be okay .
<person> had just got a brand new hamster toy .
if you need to solve a math problem you use a calculated or a computer .
as the passage clarifies this law would make it illegal for a ship took even tie up to the building or even approach the area .
the author ended with this to show that she is motivated and determined to do this .
i could not find the trail and the light was getting closer so we both jumped full speed straight in to a big bunch of bushes .
his life consisted of waking up in the mornings walking to school and being ignore by everyone around him .
but traffic <caps> holding you down because of a <num> car pile up .
the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
the mood created by the author .
i was so happy that i could make other people laugh .
people should know to not get a book read about the offensive stuff without stopping then go complain .
the features of the setting effected the cyclist in many ways .
something that is offensive to one person <month> not be to another .
the second obstacle they faced was nature .
one thing they use it for is movies on certain topics .
well in my opinion i think that they should not remove any books because people <month> think that it can be offensive but other people <month> be into those books .
its not fair to be in a public place and get hurt by the offensiveness of some one .
laughter will never go away and you will always have it with you to use when it is needed in a revolting moment .
he is happy that said times were so great .
so removing any sort of material from our libraries is a horrible idea .
we all said at the exact time <person> and <person> stayed waiting for the order while <person> and i when to go play in the little kid toys .
the author has many moods in the memoir .
everyone has their favorite music and they have their least favorite .
most patient person i have ever met .
therefore i believe games are harmful habit to young <organization> .
i am patient every thanks giving and <caps> .
this way she found a fun place and left the country for week .
computers make life so much easier .
they needed to make more than sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications .
it is a great thing to have some people say but others think it is a hazard to health .
if the dirigible blows the sharp spires of the building can puncture the dirigibles shell .
there was a <caps> on a shelf and she put it in her <caps> player .
patients is just waiting for my turn i should put it .
they would feel a life threatening offense and want it to be removed from the shelves .
they can also play against people around the world .
people would not want them gone if they thought of it the way i do .
one of the main things that computers provide is research information .
he loves his neighborhood because for him its like a melting pot .
all that is doing is giving readers less material to read .
<caps> we are <caps> done with the grocery and then we have to go to the clothes section .
this means that she has been use to change and has accepted the situation .
that gave us plenty of time to get everything accomplished .
they would be stuck reading books where they do not learn anything .
the author include s the last paragraph to show that she still has hope .
you can keep in touch .
the most recent time i have needed someone to help me laugh was yesterday .
the computer is just a great way to get information with out every having to leave your home .
and there are tons of more things you can do .
this just shows how our communities agree and disagree with each other .
back then people used computers mostly for work .
what i saw when i got out there was not at all what i had expected .
just because something is found offensive by one or two people does not make it right to just take it away .
these are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer .
it always helps lighten your mood even on the most stressful depressing days .
media is all about someones free expression and trying to share it with the world .
<caps> was so funny i maid everyone in the car laugh .
my dad taught me how laughter can change your attitude on things and how important it is to have laughter in your relationship .
people benefit from computers by getting everything and anything done from them .
that is what a friend is to me having fun not worrying about what is around us .
its a new way to study and do other things to learn in a fun way .
<caps> is often a week where people read all of the books that have been <caps> from school libraries .
and <caps> gets there in less then a minute .
this was very unsafe .
the ceilings must have been twenty feet tall .
we can chat with our family and friends on the other side of the world who have computer .
there was also a law about aircraft traveling too low over a city .
i needed to know but i had to <caps> .
he finally got to <person> at <time> <person> and her crew notified <person> that he won the patience contest .
they teach help stay in touch and are not addicting .
nothing seemed fun to do .
country music for example is very peaceful to me .
libraries need to take control of this issue the right way .
that very distance brought assurance into the relationship i shared with my friend .
one day <person> and i went to the movie theater .
i will sometimes though look back on how i reacted and that by itself will make me laugh .
the library needs to make itself user friendly .
computer are also great because you can video chat with friends and family .
as he say he will never forget how his parents turned this simple house into a home .
we were sitting here and getting pretty impatient .
the greatest obstacle were the shifting winds from air currents .
laughter laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
one example of how the author shows gratitude is by mentioning how thankful he is toward his parents .
nothing stands out more beautiful than a human laughing .
the builders of the empire states building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
if all you did was work then good have a pretty boring life .
the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
when the ride was over i quickly went to my dad .
movie we watch today talk about doing drugs and how cool they are and how they had fun driving a stolen car .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful .
i had so many emotions going on excited bored and nervous .
but i never said anything .
the third issue was that there was a law against flying dirigibles at the height that was necessary to moor on the empire state building .
can you imagine having to drive to peoples houses just to talk to them .
people can be influenced to do just about anything .
or at least try to do the same .
there has been one time in particular in my life span so far that has made me laugh so hard that i cried tremendously hard .
laughing can be the antidote for a frown .
its times to finally help the world soldiers .
he had to travel in bumpy roads and pass snakes without getting bit .
my sister and i <month> have had our fights in the past .
there was this day not to long ago that i had to wait .
it took about an hour for the other two and then another hour for the other two after them .
another reasons i would like you to hear is less time exercising .
was the reply it was fun to .
i had to stop and think for a vary long time or what felt like it .
the greatest obstacle itself was mother nature .
falling into temptation i had to order one of these burgers .
so to remove one particular thing would be unreasonable for the person who likes or finds interest in a particular subject .
we were against who ever was lined up in front of us .
laughing made that pain go away .
expectations including the desired title of worlds tallest building .
he loved where he came from .
my step grandmother threw the fish back .
computers have many websites that you can go to when looking for that special place .
computers are helpful piece of technology and one of the best .
the builders had to face situations with weather conditions of this dock .
<person> and i look at each other and i knew <caps> he was thinking .
she was to and was so excited to be able to drive .
i named them all weird animal names because thats either what they smelled like or thats what they looked or loved doing .
all of my observations seem to point to supporting the revocation of banned books .
i can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the book shelf .
that is how it was on new years eve .
finally another reason why dirigibles could not moor at the building was because there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
it could be a section that kids could not enter .
i think that most people would be mad at the schools or the libraries because they got them .
but that was just a thought .
i looked up the sun was at <caps> peak yet <caps> felt like a few weeks had already gone by .
the builders put reality before theory in order to pick the safest route in docking a dirigible .
it never fails to make me smile .
like when were talking and we accidentally burp or we fart while we walk .
one time i played on the computer for two whole hours and gained two pounds .
we finally finished our food .
this affects his mood to pity for himself and anger at the men who put him into the predicament .
so why travel when you can see all of it on your computer .
so <location> newspaper i hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great .
<caps> you could even read a book too .
again the settings affected the cyclist by tempting him .
i was getting picked up early from school because that night i was going to the <organization> and <organization> .
that how i feel about this situation .
its amazing how the smallest thing can make such a big difference in our lives .
<caps> these things are placed on either side of your screen to get money from you .
well thats just lovely .
once you are on a computer for over an hour to an hour -and-a-half the computer will start to effect you in negative ways .
one day we were both just having a rough day .
we were so excited about it that thats all we could talk about .
you can find a lot of younger kids at the library theses days for school purposes .
there can be great things in those books that not everybody can reap .
he got up and walked over to the gym teacher .
a library should definitely not want that bad gossip to go around town about how bad that specific library is .
the constant threat of wind made the plans too dangerous as well .
that meaning is life .
but not the land has changed and the directions were wrong .
they should not have to think that way <caps> going to a library .
take a shower then went to bed .
the first problem was the fact that most dirigibles from outside of the u .
i ran to the kitchen where my parents were .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
all of these culture came together in a great solitary and friendship .
the map would have been a lot safer and easier .
another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational .
but he said ill pay back when he let me so .
the reasons for this is because it should have been apparent before was ever constructed .
<caps> my uncle <person> said .
they would need to spend over <money> in order to modify the buildings framework .
it will help us out so much for everybody future .
to do that would be to steal from community members their chance to learn .
even if you just put them away would be better than taking them out of the library completely .
another person <month> enjoy that book and many others <month> like it as well .
we also use the computers for the programs they have .
once your child finally cooperates they will get the to use the computer .
they teach hand-eye coordination .
safety was the greatest reason to shut down the job .
thats the first thing a teenager does right when they get home from school .
my mother came over here when she was <num> .
i think censorship is corrupting our society .
i was hunting in my blind with my dad so quiet we could hear a pin drop .
one day i was in class and <caps> came into my class room and came up to me and she started talking to me and i started laughing .
i only get to see her once or twice a year in person .
also the architects could not simply drop a mooring mask on top of the empire state buildings roof .
the law said that airships could not fly too low over city areas .
i think that people should see everything the way it is .
my mom wants say had on a couple of seconds and i would say <num> .
she has set a goal to accept it .
there are many ways to describe the mood of the author in this memoir .
the weight and wind pressure would need to be transferred to the buildings foundation .
one time when laughter help me out the most was the during fourth grade .
<caps> i really wanted my dad to put up our new bunk bed .
kids are more worried about <caps> or <caps> or even trying to slay a dragon than spending time with their family .
this has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain .
all of the books vary on different age groups .
also in the story it says the speed limit was 55 .
i do not answer but lean in and kiss him .
the builders needed to find a way to distribute the wind pressure all the way to the foundation .
i think they should say the same when i go to use my computer .
the winds at that height were extremely strong .
computers have many effects on people these days .
some people <month> feel that having particular material displayed on shelves of libraries is rather offensive to specific individuals .
there is always a choice of what to do and what not to do .
i went and sat down next to the girl who said goodbye to me last week .
we call it the double chocolate laugh cake .
my mother is quite the entertainer .
another offensive object would be too many words that involved foul language and or racism .
<caps> need to gain patience by taking deep breaths or calming down .
that is why i think those books should be taken out of all libraries
i was guessing this was where all my friends were hiding .
this quote is explaining how using lead would not be safe .
theres tons of people who struggle with relationships .
some experts are concerned about people using computers and not enjoying nature and going outside .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
computers are also not always dependable or safe .
it is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy .
the architects and builders of the empire state building ran into a few problems when searching for a way to allow dirigibles to dock there .
so with her computer she can go to her favorite stores website and pick the clothes she wants .
the mood created by the <caps> in the memoir .
the thought of how funny it would be to go up on the bleachers and dance came upon us once again .
to get on the next fight .
if people buy the books that mean the libraries get money and the more books people buy the richer the libraries becomes .
lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games .
this portrays the image that life in the authors home was friendly and loving .
tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake .
one obstacle was the frame of the building .
i would see people come in and then go out .
i will also explain how the past has an effect on present day .
hand-eye coordination is not something you are born with .
my mom and i were left for a doctors appointment .
that description allows the reader to picture the warm culture of his childhood home .
its about time to move to the next reason .
<person> was much better than us and she has the accolades to prove <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building faced a few obstacles during there attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
here is another reason why computers are good .
computers was one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims .
computers are of many things for they you .
<caps> only happened a few weeks ago on a day the all the students were supposed to be out having fun or sleeping because there was plenty of snow outside .
they had to give up their job and skills they already knew how to do for better things .
our daily lives would be dull and boring without new technology .
well theres one of the reasons and i <caps> when my parents were kids that they had no computers and they went outside to enjoy nature .
theirs always something to do or a place to go .
my brother hates to lose .
everything i have ever witnessed at the library is for learning and research .
all authors have the right to say what they wish but there is a limit to where the books should be placed and who should view them .
using computers has been very helpful to our society .
one obstacle was that the dirigible would add too much stress to the frame of the building if it landed there .
people on computer might go outside because they are involved with the computer .
<person> had made a mistake .
<person> and i are the kind of people that if something is very boring to us there has to be a way to make it fun .
i can always change the radio station if i do not like what i am hearing .
more <caps> then not kids and parents abuse the computer .
its like being in your favorite place on earth for just a moment .
as my body grew older and my humor grew more funny i had made myself more dependent on my people pleasing personality .
one time i did that and <caps> eyes felt weird after getting on the computer .
all of these obstacles cause the cyclist to become devastated and give up hope but he continues his travel and eventually finds a place to rest .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and kind for many reasons .
we finally made it to our destination key wrap .
this setting affected the character mood .
<caps> makes any task difficult because the sun drains a persons energy .
my first reason why i think computers are good thing is because the are a good source to do research on a specific topic .
this shows the author is dehydrated because it is so hot and he kept going even with a physical obstacle .
you can make web polls much more .
i hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people .
thank you for your time .
as days past by i was getting more and more comfortable with the people around me and started having fun .
in conclusion the author sets a calm and kind mood by using words and subject matter that i feel are calming .
many want to protect their youth from some of the so called harmful things in society .
he was running out of water in the desert .
a second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research .
i shout automatically .
so i waited longer and longer until some people were trying to fix it .
my goal is to be able to make people smile <caps> they are down .
<caps> was happy that his parents that his parents left everything for him to have a better life .
every individual person has their own opinion and not everyone else is going to agree with that person .
computers inform people about important news .
i asked her if <caps> had a brother and sister .
so we waited and waited and waited .
they came selflessly .
it was a pitching barn .
libraries have been around for years and so have uncensored things that are being put in front of children .
the greatest obstacle of building the mast was the violent winds that surrounded the empire state building .
i hope you think the same too .
these two obstacles that the builders faced made building the docking place much harder .
you have to take your time and know that you are timed .
there <caps> a very wide range in age in each dance class .
the amount of exercise a person gets depends on who it is .
should not be taken off shelves .
those were the obstacles that were faced by the workers during the time of attempting to dock dirigibles on the empire state building .
the <caps> could have to be strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
and we are going back this <caps> .
the weight of a dirigible could destroy it .
because of her future .
<caps> is grateful for all the people that <caps> now considers his family .
a better word for that would be they censor you .
that is the purpose of the institution of education .
we walk that way for about ten minutes an turn left .
that is why i say that how the features of the setting affected the cyclist .
i finally had a goalkeeper jersey to wear to games and make great saves .
one of my favorite things to see was the smile on his face after i figured out how to use his techniques .
about ten minutes later we all were standing there and talking about how funny it was when i fell and how it made everyones day .
its not like the wind we had at-at- .
we would be reaching out to many new children as we held a <organization> for a week in the small <caps> town .
no water and it being so hot could cause a heat stroke .
either one of us would be popping off with dumb little comments at each other when neither of us wanted to apologize .
i knew that meant something bad .
one time when i was patient was when i was in the end of the year in fourth grade and id just signed up for football .
it is located over the pass about an hour from <caps> .
i am clearly in favor of owning and using computers .
later that day the phone rang .
i said i know <caps> can be a bit hard-headed but i make you ride him because i believe you can handle him .
as soon as those words violently came out of his mouth we started cracking up laughing .
i have a loud mouth .
i think i might be a little to patient seeing today <caps> <date> and the dance <caps> tonight .
i believe she uses this as a conclusion to depict her unsure nature towards her new home .
its quite funny to see her reaction .
physically he was tired and worn out .
she was observing herself and how different she appeared as well .
the effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to .
imagine a library without any materials that are considered offensive .
this mans life was very successful because his traits would show about his community .
a dirigible tethered to the mooring mast would have the back of the ship swivel around and around .
before <caps> had his computer <caps> had to write out all his papers and when <caps> finished <caps> spent to long writing that <caps> could not do his rest of homework .
she just twirls around <caps> rushes over to them .
the thing i loved most about him was how he could make me happy when i felt so down .
or you can also do fitness lessons while watching them off of your computer .
an eight year old should not be able to go in and get a <num> movie whenever they want to .
a third reason is <caps> companies are able to use them to gain business .
the reason my dad took me to work was because my mom was going to throw me a <caps> party .
everyone has their own point of view .
but then the guys girlfriend got up and walked out of the stadium so he got pretty sad .
another obstacle that would be faced is nature .
the law would make it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or ever approach the area .
the effects that i have on computers are good .
there is only the problems it is abandoned .
when we get to our table <caps> orders for us both and asks me all sorts of questions .
he was a very mean substitute .
i think we need stuff like that on earth to show and to teach us the way to be .
<caps> is the funniest guy <caps> .
you want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean .
some of the books can get pretty nasty and terrible with all of the things they say .
i need it for basketball .
i never finished that book .
when <organization> took a <num> min break i went to get a pop and all the lines where long .
it gets shipped to our house in less than a week .
not everyone has a cell phone so when you talk to them via <caps> or any of the others it is nice to chat .
they most likely have to have those materials on the shelve because that is whats required of them .
but the people that <month> enjoy reading the offensive books still can read them .
i was in the woods being patient and soon enough a deer came by .
using computers is good for the body as well as the mind .
it was during math .
looking back at embarrassing moments is always a good thing in a relationship .
young children in todays society and culture are exposed to excessive amounts of inappropriate materials .
people will always take things offensive .
<caps> can be used in school or even a job .
the final benefit of a computer is the fact you can know about world news in a flash .
computers also can give you dieting tips and advice from live locals .
waiting for like <num> minutes just for people to finish a test .
the changing winds would be torture on the back of the ship .
such as there was a law preventing airships to fly too low over urban areas .
also instead of my mom getting mom she was also patient .
that is how i <caps> feel
after i drank it <organization> asked if i felt better .
i believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today .
it causes him to dehydrate and have a need for water .
parents and caregivers are not always up to explaining or want to explain as soon as they have to about things sometimes .
i was so happy that we had finally finished my room and i could sleep in it .
it all started one <date> when my cousin received a trampoline for his birthday .
on the way it was kind of quiet but it was somehow worth it .
and thats all there is to <caps> .
computers also have different <caps> .
the mood in the memoir is also touching .
another reason is that shes trying to tell us that there is a future for the hibiscus .
it made it peaceful because the author gives the reader the feeling that their was nothing to worry about .
that shows the close-knit family <caps> grew up in .
so i emailed him and how i get a response and i fixed my laptop .
these are simple and save lots of time .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show determination and hope .
with high speed air currents would cause the back of the ship to swivel around and around the mooring mast .
the media hardship that they <caps> was placing a mooring mast on top of an already completed building .
its the first day of high school and your gut is full of butterflies that make you want to run to the bathrooms and hide from the world .
the flower represented the light and hope for the future .
each person had one and a half hour to play on both things .
<person> only has one problem .
he got back on his bike and stuck pebbles into mouth .
as well as their flammable characteristic there was also a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
i asked my mom can i have something to eat .
my neighbor is the size of a killer whale and eats just about as much as <caps> .
she refused to buy me the music and would not let me listen to it .
another obstacle they faced was the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
have we grown lazy to do such a thing as to get up and look through a book .
the society in <caps> <num> proves to be oblivious to everything that is going on in many different ways .
this is how the setting affected the cyclist
the man feels like their is nothing left and its the old men who caused this .
i am waiting for my party at my dads house this <date> .
it helps kids if they need to research something .
the architects knew the weight would put stress on the buildings frame .
this can cause great tension or sorrow in <caps> families .
in <date> society there are many kids who are hurting and are getting into bad things .
finally we got to our hotel .
this quote shows how he really had nothing to drink at all .
i vehemently believe that everyone should own this device .
how unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person .
it was also not possible to have dirigibles to land on the empire state building because the hydrogen and the dirigibles would be a safety hazard .
once a while i would play with the seat .
when we are assigned a project we need to do research on a topic and the fastest and easier way is by computer .
she turned around and looked at <location> .
camp was flying by for us and before we all knew it it was almost the <date> .
it was so hard to sit and be patient .
not only do people interact bu people can research useful information .
it is something we possess with us throughout our lifetime .
computers are a great way to talk to someone .
everyone got caught up in the hype in my opinion .
mostly receiving for me .
i think that for this reason you used the computer for good thing .
he is negatively affected mentally by the little amount of available water .
he has thanked them so many times but he cant show them how truly grateful he is of them .
sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise .
<caps> actually pretty ridiculous .
my step dad said see you do got patience .
when people think of libraries they picture this cold place with and old mad lady telling you to be quiet .
she is a strong young woman and is determined to overcome this .
he became dehydrated .
the computer is also helpful for research papers .
also it can help you get on ethnic back round to learn about faraway places .
<caps> computers have good or bad effects .
i personally think that computers are very helpful and we are lucky to have them .
you can talk to people the faraway you lose .
most of the time the child will have an adult with them but sometimes they can pick up something before you can stop them .
second the conditions of the road affects the cyclist .
you then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard .
if someone were to decide to take down a book or movie that they view as offensive then they are breaking the freedom that this has .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
another time i had to be understanding about was when i had to wait until my mom woke up so i could go to the mall .
the computer helps by reading it aloud to mom .
i had to wait until they took him down .
if libraries start to remove books from the shelves then there wont be any left for the rest of us to read .
the first obstacle the builders of the empire state building faced concerning the docking of dirigibles on its mast was the materials dirigibles are made from .
we remove material from our shelves at a risk to ourselves as individuals and as a society as a whole .
legally speaking there was another issue concerning a law that would not allow a dirigible to fly at the altitude required to dock .
ms <person> says the computer game has helped her .
so take them out is some of the parents are saying now a days .
so i started reading to pass time but my fingers started getting cold and i was dreaming of all the hot things in the world .
being patient has its advantages .
i believe that everyone has someone they can laugh with because everyone has someone they enjoy being around .
we all sat there in silence staring at her .
i sat up to see his plastic sunglasses sat staring at me from my dresser .
my mom was asleep it was almost impossible to wake her up because she went to the club the night before .
we had pretty much given up and lost faith in actually having a <caps> vacation and had given up on each other .
<person> and i had always walked to my house after school .
why i believe <caps> is because there are things that are in these items that hurt people in many ways .
one obstacle was the violent air-currents .
i remember i had to use <caps> sisters old phone .
the setting effected him by making him probably begin to stress or panic a lot for the most part .
<caps> and my cousins would go behind some apartment down are street and there was a ramp that we made .
even if it is offensive it can teach someone wrong from right .
it really does give you some energy sometimes but at the same time if you laugh way too much your stomach will eventually start hurting .
the library staff should take action and make a separate room for <caps> <caps>
the acid and alcohol in the polish stung my taste buds .
i hope to persuade you about the horrible effects a computer has on people .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mask .
by censoring what people read that is in a way taking away that author right to speak .
<caps> sure <person> and a lot of others love their computers .
the weather and terrain had worn him down .
thank you for reading my letter which i m sure has persuaded you to agree with me on how computers have a positive effect on people .
when the cyclist realized the terrain was becoming difficulty he become more ignorant and hopeless .
law was also a problem when wanting to construct the mast .
but for whatever reason he told me to take the nozzle end out to some flowers .
one of the main reasons why i think it should be left alone as is so that the children can read it .
i think that some of the movies and books that is taken off the shelfs should be material that some kids should experience that <month> help them in the future .
why it takes up so much time from peoples life .
inflaming the public is not what you want young authors .
in the story he told the many sacrifices his parents made to give him a better life than the one they had .
in my opinion computers have a positive affect on people .
he is also grateful to have a lot of his family members who are close to him .
my last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games .
if everything that offends people is censored or taken away we will have nothing left .
now your not bored anymore .
you have to watch out for magazines too .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she needs to adapt to the new country .
the kind of look that jumps on your face when you wish you had a rewind button for your mouth .
its safe to say making people laugh comes natural to i am just good at it and jokes come easily .
one of them is that it was in the daylight and the sun bothers the cyclist .
soon the bus was filled with our melodious song and laughter .
sure they can mail it out but that would take forever for people to find out about it and learn about it .
i bet people all over the world have read offensive books .
music can define a person .
books that are appropriate for adults deserve to be displayed for adults as the author intended .
movies are like books but you get a visual of whats going on .
sadly we had to leave after that day which equals .
as i walked in the room the first thing i saw was <person> beautiful blond hair and his dazzling blue eye .
put a <num> and older section in the libraries so any and every body will not be able to enter unless they have <caps> just to solve the age problem .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
this also shows he was happy because he was spending time with so many family members and friends .
as long as thats not the whole point of what you watching or reading .
he could have died from heat stroke and lack of water .
if the setting was in a city surrounded by buildings the author would still feel some security even without water
i felt bad for the poor guy for not knowing yet until one day .
while i was sleeping .
scientist can easily invent more kinds of technology by using the computers .
during this attempt the winds were very strong and the captain of the dirigible feared that it could be punctured by other buildings sharp spires .
computers also have the best search engines .
she gave me a <percent> for a project grade .
there are so many great things they can be used for .
those headaches over time can become even worst .
send it off to your friend .
headed for the skyline .
<caps> let a laugh of my own out .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned about how to love .
the features of the surrounding landscape affect the cyclist both physically and mentally .
it also says like the geese .
a study has shown that <percent> of shy kids have increased the talkative skills in school .
<caps> could also be good at its points though .
i think that there are things we can do if we do not want to read that particular book .
the story was ended like this to show that the girl will have a new beginning .
if things were organized into sections that stated how offensive the material was then it is likely that almost everything would be in the offensive section .
<person> finds that the burning of books has lead the society that he lives in to be ignorant of what is going on around them .
some content in history is very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences .
<person> was trying to be as patient as possible .
so he is on his way to the nearest town which is <num> miles away and he thinks he can make it .
without computers my teachers would not be able to read my work .
<caps> your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall .
when we saw that bright green lawn we ran to it like a four year old running to a ice cream truck .
i hope that i convinced you to like computers more and think that they are great and have a positive effect on people .
parents kids should simply not read these books .
spending time with your family is so important because you might miss so many wonderful things .
i had a similar experience once .
these all contributed to make the mast on the empire state building a bad idea .
materials should not be removed from libraries because they can be used to learn history and other things that people should know about .
you can go on <caps> and watch funny videos or go on <caps> and on you friends new photo album .
the past <num> years she has taken <person> and i along .
overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society .
their dad has been gone for most of their lives fighting for our country .
many who use computers more than others to be greater at <caps> <caps> and games along those lines .
the next thing the computer helps us with is it entertains us .
laughter is something that is there when you are happy .
<time> world is far from perfect .
my sisters urgent hands pulled my swimsuit off and quickly found the little devil .
the last statement i thought really changed the mood was i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
one person might find a topic very offensive while that same topic sparks interest in another individual .
it <month> not have been perfect but he managed to find the good parts .
this shows that computers is important to have .
the author sends a message to her readers when one leaves what they once had .
i went to her house .
he told himself that it was no use .
she plants it when she gets home and vows to take a driving test again .
all sorts of people go to the library .
because of these problems the mast could never be used .
through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it .
so please the local newspaper please try to make this believable .
<person> and i laugh about almost everything .
this person was imagining things .
so then making it harder for him to go one .
computers are addicting .
people could also use less fossil .
i would like to state on my behalf that i do not agree that computers are good for society .
overall i do not think libraries should take out these materials .
a use for computer that is also use full is hand eye coordination .
you cant always take laugh too seriously .
it was a bright sunny day .
that book has gotten sold faster than the movies .
this memoir includes <caps> because it reminds him about where he grew up and how comforting and loving his parents were .
a commonly debated topic in the world of censorship is the <caps> of <caps> <caps> .
for example the hibiscus does its best to survive in the winter and blooms and starts over in the spring .
a lot of people use computers today .
he also makes it clear how he is proud and how he greatly respects his parents for the great things they did to improve his life .
i was already beginning to imagine what would happen if i grabbed his tie and yanked on it as hard as i could .
the next morning <person> a woken early to see if her mother had the baby .
they feel that it is sending a bad message to children and teaching them horrible things to do and say .
the third day on our trip back home my brother was very understanding when my mother told him that it might not happen .
the coaster was over .
then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life .
what i had to was walk in the woods and sit down once you sit down you cant move .
computers are the best things that have ever happened to our society today .
because we had to go to <location> city to pick something up and it took about <num> <num> minutes .
another reason the author could be that he wanted to lighten the mood up a little bit .
music can be the same way .
there is also a religion conflict .
first of all computers help hand eye coordination greatly in the long run .
at the age of <num> .
most places have what they call late fees .
you cry many tears and try to patch up the holes in you heart .
the top would have cost over <organization> for the needed modifications on the frame work .
that are found offensive to people .
computers are the way of the future .
today was the final day of tryouts .
the <caps> of <organization> by <person> is a classic example of a censored book .
there are also many more than what i listed .
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
each library <month> decided to censor a different type of art from their individual location .
they love to pain of others .
since that night <person> and i got a lot closer in our friendship .
now that i have gave you convincing arguments about my choice from my own experience .
another way the cyclist is challenged is when he is almost out of water .
they their friends how to type in the computer and teach them some stuff about the history .
but he is not the only person who has become unhealthy because of computers .
the winds were constantly shifting because of violent air currents causing the back of the ship to swivel around the mooring mast .
<person> was behind <caps> when she set the table down .
also it means you experience difficulties without complaining .
i had never seen him be first chair on anything .
of course sharing is better then wasting your money on something when someone has the book that you know and would let you barrow <caps> .
you have to have a lot of patient to do that .
i thought to myself that this was a peculiar question but in the <date> i told him .
making the mast appealing to look at to took resources .
that non-offensive books can make you learn something .
yes i do believe that any book found offensive to any person should be removed from the book shelf .
this affected him because he <caps> got to a secure place and got proper directions and will learn from his mistake of listening to the older men at the beginning .
the setting in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit is used as an important for character development .
an example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families different places .
second next to each families name is the number of cheese balls we will be delivering to that specific house .
my grandparents had just picked my brother and i up from our house to go get <caps> <caps> at cold stone .
finally is the tumbleweeds .
kids will become overweight .
reading can help a child to expand their imaginations .
i believe that censoring books in a library could be both good and bad .
it all started when we noticed <caps> cute guy sitting all by himself at a table that we could clearly see through some book shelves not that far away .
what was so darn funny .
laughter is a moment of happiness .
all i knew in had to be patience .
the computer can give you great information but only if you know how to use it .
then it was <num> o clock .
but when are you going to get it for me .
my mom had dropped me off at the mall i told my friends what happened .
you can keep touch with them through <caps> or e-mail .
this is a very tricky subject because no one will ever be happy .
next reason is makes life better .
something like that .
that was a really fun memory i have with lots of laughter and good times .
computers are fun for many different reasons .
if libraries start censoring books we <month> end up with less and less readers as the years go on .
learn about plant and the effect they have on life .
i remember her telling my mom how her life is so mess up now .
computers in total do not have a bad impact on people .
then all of a sudden there was a hand on my foot .
the computer is a great way to learn about new things .
for the reason that its their choice to do what ever they would like and that it has no affect on me at all .
laughter really does help us out of some tough situations .
second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world .
as i was sitting there all i felt was guilt and disappointment in myself .
this law made it illegal for them to tie it up to the building or even approach it .
one time during the day that you needed to be patient with them was when they cried .
some peoples might be talk to their family members .
one of these is the feature of setting .
most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening .
computers are good for learning about people and places .
everyone knows computers addictive .
from <person> step mom .
computers are they lot us chat with friends and family .
we are all entitled to our own opinion .
while i was in line i started talking to my friends we played games and walked a few steps up every a minutes .
everyone that has used it said it really improved there reaction time .
thank you for your time .
this shows he will work hard and is in need of water .
the powerful words he uses in the last two paragraphs puts the memoir into a mood of love and perhaps even sadness .
with the way things are today its almost impossible for a kid to pick something up and not read about drugs or violence .
we decided to go get in line anyway .
another obstacle builders would face is that there was a law against air ships flying too low over urban areas .
this shows that no matter what <caps> will <caps> his parents .
this is a good thing because then no one will get and everyone will be happy .
so the author is trying to show that despite the girls sadness she will not give up .
after she fails her drivers test .
the lyrics and sounds speak to many people in strange ways .
most likely the author ended the story with the paragraph for dramatic effect for the reader .
i chose write a story about a time when i was patient .
that includes looking at the magazines with good looking men or women on them .
his parents arms and doors were open at all times for anybody needed to get back on their feet .
there was a time when i had to wait on handling my personal have it .
never in my wildest dreams would i have imagined anyone forgiving me in such a big way .
<caps> expresses his gratitude for his parents selflessness .
that way the book can stay on the shelf and be read by anyone
if we were to take down all of the movies that are offensive to a person all the movies would be taken off .
you can talk to your friend on there so they on being social .
she said no save your little money that you have .
so you can and you will get a good grade .
censorship has become a bigger deal in this day and age .
a year has gone by and we are still friends .
to me there are just way to many ways for people to get offended .
<organization> allows people to have what can be called a visual phone conversation .
we stuck our faces in pillows to muffle our uncontrollably laughing .
while we were way out in the woods on a long ride i ran out of gas .
we started dating on <date> .
on each video there is a place to leave feedback on whether you liked or dislike said video .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that the narrator is ready .
she walked up to the ticket booth and cut everyone in line .
lastly you can talk and video chat .
other people think that rap music is amazing .
i would like to no how some of these people come up with this at .
he is also using energy which is making him sweat and drink more water .
and how theres many different types of immigrants there and how they all get along .
starting from the beginning how his family passed on their traditions .
i know i do instead of being home on the computer .
i looked out the window and sighed .
when i am not understanding something and my teachers or someone else is busy i will wait for however long .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home
cutting back on computer time would cut back on the obesity problem in our society .
with the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday .
the idea was good but not probable to be safe .
we had another <num> days or so there and i was officially bored out of my mind .
your complaint that causes the banning affects everyone .
so when you teacher is grading on neatness no worry .
i truly have observed more lack of reading due to controversy than the increasing of reading due to controversy .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways .
these are two examples of the obstacles the builders working on the empire state building <organization> in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
there is a reason that the material is there .
the law stated it was illegal for airships to fly too low over urban areas .
he also is talking about home and how a house can become a home .
if you have patience its almost like a gift just like singing and dancing one a gift .
<caps> and my cousins had a good time that day after we were all done getting cleaned up we were playing super <person> bros for super <organization> .
the second obstacle that the builders faced had not even been brought up until after the building had been completed .
music and movies that promote things that young children should not be doing .
leave the libraries books on the shelves no matter what is in them .
i woke up laughing and with a smile on my face because of all the things that were going through my head .
the lady asked me to look up and open my eyes wide .
pay bills for long distance calling .
as i wondered the yard looking for her the others started helping me look for her .
information and how individuals seek it has evolved and is still changing at a rapid pace .
now a days more and more sites keep adapting and becoming known like bing .
many adults are over weight because they sit at computers and work as play games all day .
this quote is used by many parents trying to encourage their children or by coaches to motivate their time .
they can also help us keep in touch with our loved ones .
these are great steps to achieving a positive step to public influence .
the most important problem was nature .
well with computers you can do that you can just search the place and see what the place has .
the sun was just coming up as i got into my box blind .
most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents .
those are just some of the major benefits that the kids do on their computer .
i think of what the human race would be like if laughter was not a factor in everyday life .
i spun around the corner sharply .
if i am at the <caps> i will always look for a book interest me .
it is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that .
we are better than that and our literature shows it .
its really funny if you the one playing it but if your listening to it .
this reminds me of my friend named <caps> .
some people just enjoy reading and others go to find information .
the author chose to conclude the story with this paragraph because it is resolutive to the entire reading before it .
it was a good trail with many jumps <person> a lot of powder .
winds could blow the blimp strayed into another building .
then took them home and showed them to the hole town .
taking lots of deep breathes helped slow down my heart rate which allowed me to tone down my stress level .
she started to crack up laughing .
<caps> friends dad recently just joined a brand new gym that opened up three days ago .
in conclusion the setting did not help him not one little bit .
computers do benefit society .
you might even find a lady bug .
my mom and dad give my sister and my second sister and me us .
with the person lack of water anyone would be struggling to keep riding on .
the mooring mast also placed stress on the frame .
the trip was very different from what he had expected .
the winds on top of the building were consulate shifting due to violent air currents .
laughter played a big part of who we are as people today .
the flower dies in the winter is brought back to life in the spring .
finally learning is a huge deal with people today .
there were many problems with having a mooring dock on top of the empire state building .
but it went back down a bit when a few people left to go home .
when your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone .
he can also buy the worms to eat .
i always thought that was part of our constitutional right .
<caps> laughter can cure the emotion of being sad .
though its funny to see that race use those foul words among themselves but when its in a book its racism .
they passed on their rich culinary skills and love for cooking in which he is eternally grateful .
no one would no about it and we would most likely repeat the holocaust .
every citizen in <location> wants to be healthy .
they can organize there topics and genres .
in conclusion authors end stories with a paragraph like this to help show the changes that could happen in the future .
its all about how you take the song when you first hear it and take the messages out of it .
then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i literally knew nothing about them and i failed to bring home my book .
i really missed <location> where i had friends i can understand and laugh together .
it would be a would far different from our own .
books on the other hand are similar .
this means he is happy and loves his parents have done .
but his parents stood strong in those hard times .
this should be the way to organize the films and magazines as well .
you can find great low prices on travel agencies on the computer .
i was very anxious i want to do it again some time .
<caps> took her like <num> .
<caps> had gone to the store earlier that day and had bought everything .
items like these are meant for adults only .
and just because the topic of the reading material offensives them does not mean you can take away the writers material .
it was like they took my kitchen and painted it a different color and then put it there .
<caps> right now said mom .
they also will take more of an interest in reading if they are interested by walking in a library .
another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even the world .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
<caps> <person> replied in a confused voice .
this paragraph was very important and without it these events would be left hanging .
computers <month> not be totally to blame for the problems stated above .
computers also help your imagination .
if your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it .
the national geographic magazine often has pictures of naked people and so does the <caps> magazine .
we out the door and <caps> was pitch dark .
this caused him to become tired and frustrated .
one random day we walked up to our other friend <person> house to see if she could hang out .
the story also talks about a snake in the road .
be patient with everyone because patience is respect .
thats the end of my conclusion
my point is these games are teaching the kids nothing .
my second reason would be that computers are useful in studies .
that was about to be the most boring <date> break anyone has ever had until one day in <date> .
also computers help old time friends and family keep in touch .
i could feel the vivacity of youth pulsing through my veins as i ran around .
parents bring their children to the <caps> to support their reading ability and to advance it .
one that is more family oriented and safe for children eyes .
most books are organized in categories by maturity and genre .
people spend way to much time on computers .
they just need to be move to a shelf were only bigger kids can get to .
he says that he will always be grateful to his parents for their extreme love and sacrifice .
using the empire state building was neither practical nor safe .
that is because sometimes you have to be patient in picking the lure you are going to use .
thats the mood created by the author in the memoir .
so one day while we were both eating lunch one of her new friends passed by and asked her to go sit with her .
personally i think that there should be a variety in the library .
my mother and i worked out a compromise that i could read <person> novels that she approved of .
we drove around for at least an hour looking for it .
but is <caps> really wrong for them to like something that someone else took the time to write .
it was a lot to take in for two people experiencing jet lag .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i encourage you to agree with me that computers can put one safety at risk decrease their education of nature and ruin their social life .
when the hibiscus is budding then she will attempt the test again .
some books send out really bad messages but then again thats only for adults to read it should be kept out of the way of children .
their first problem was that it would add lots of stress to the building .
when the rough road affect sign appeared the travel then become more difficult .
studies performed by the <organization> know that <percent> of child who play computer generated games are overweight .
heres why i believe this should happen .
another thing that makes people laugh are jokes .
to second and one of those thing is a patience .
i was so happy even though my sister and brother gotten what they wanted .
the author in the story created a mood that you could feel all over while reading the article .
this can be a problem in some ways if kids are exposed to this material that they are reading .
things today are way different .
he was confident he could conquer anything .
then we grabbed some more wood and dropped it on the fire .
many hardships were brought about trying to dock dirigibles at the empire state building
this is what we could do with books too and maybe there will not be as many problems with books .
i hate waiting its so boring .
my second reason is work .
the problem is that kids are not getting enough of the exercise they need .
with information at the tip of your fingers more and more people will want to learn .
lastly in a computer you <caps> basically find out anything you want to know .
the main thing today in our society is going green .
nature was another big obstacle that hindered the success of a mooring mast .
another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends .
the cyclist could get caught in a sudden heat wave to drop in temperature .
this story also make me feel proud .
when i put the phone to my ear all i could hear was a loud crying .
i say that because the author talked about how his parents were caring and selfless .
i believe that the technology of computers have a positive effect on people .
computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done .
these things offend people every day .
another example would be a book on religious purposes .
maybe you have to catch up on your nightly reading for language arts and you want start reading your goal book .
their was a time when i was patient .
an argument is defined as a discussion in which disagreement is expressed .
some people think it is a good idea and same do not .
the cyclist is running out of water and he is the middle of the dessert .
<caps> is thankful for that and feels that <caps> is lucky to have such a close knit community of friends and family .
they should not be forced to read only the things that are selected by another person .
let me further explain to you the reasons why libraries should have such boundaries .
and friendship was shown as well the way that friendship was shown by his parents keeping their door open to whom who did not have a home .
in libraries i feel like its the librarians who are the cause for letting children read offensive books .
and finally the last problem builders faced was the how to even get the blimp docked .
as he rode he started to get tired slowly and he got work and more thirsty .
you should love who you are and what you look like .
<caps> it was pretty much a regular day for <person> .
generally most libraries are quite large and organized into various sections throughout the building .
we can only learn from their mistakes .
i bought me and <caps> mom a pair of comfortable slippers .
i learned this during a visit to the dentists office .
i never really thought about it .
<caps> often describes the feeling of closeness between her neighborhood and her family .
computers can be used for many different things .
computers can have benefit society .
we all know what offensive things we could find in a library or a bookstore like <organization> .
all i need is my computer .
everyone is cheering you on .
and exercising who said that everyone need exercise in the persons already skinny what does need to exercise .
when he gets the dark in the road with the risky pipe of water he begins to switch into conservation made and begins to get is scared .
there was a law at the time prohibiting aircraft from flying low over cities .
he was so excited to go .
it could be a danger to the urban areas underneath .
the more you use a computer the more you know about it .
this means that the way he had to go was tough and making it hard for the cyclist to stay focused .
all your doing is staring at a screen .
the fact that he is traveling through desert terrain also helps us realize that water is scarce .
the wind factor had made it nearly impossible to be able to dock any dirigibles .
it broke that barrier and allowed us to open up .
you do not own the libraries books and you do not have any say on what is displayed in any store .
having laughter means so much more than that .
laughing with someone is even better still .
people work from home all the time .
censorship in libraries could have negative effects on the library .
the family happiness .
thats what matters .
a second reason is do not go to that library if the material in it is offensive to peoples beliefs or religion .
so you can never trust a computer .
i happy to explain my experiences and opinions to people who really care and want to know
students can get homework through their e-mail .
the hot and dry conditions made the cyclists hardest obstacle to be staying hydrated .
the small change in terrain had a large impact on the authors journey .
the features of the setting had greatly impacted the cyclist .
it was like something you only dream about .
you can learn from the computer .
kids and teenagers can also use them for studying .
i was so excited that all yelled .
as i ran and jumped everything was good .
the time you spend with anyone should always be full of fun and laughter .
a computer can be used for educational purposes also .
this is why landing blimps on the empire state building would be dangerous and difficult .
it is the right of the individuals who birthed and raise these kids to determine how they are guided .
and by looking at the censored things thats not helping at all .
the next thing to come along is an old juice building that almost seems to mark him on how he has no water .
the author makes all his challenges happy .
and a laughter is the best way to agree with somebody else .
that he almost died most of missed read it .
these are few of the many reasons why the setting affects the cyclist .
another reason that i would be all for computers is being able to learn things .
language like very heart and warm house is what really conveys it .
this is why laughter is so important to the the three of us .
this quote describes how much he cares about his culture and where his family is from .
many people have family and friends that live far away from them .
she was just standing there not talking .
if one person found my favorite book offensive i would not want it taken off the shelves completely .
laughters been important to me ever since .
he weakening as he pedaled along the changing terrain as he was trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the <organization> uses radar to see if there is any boats or submarines coming near them and the have a heads up if there would be an attack .
she feels as if this plant is a friend to her and it makes her feel more comfortable .
during this little story that she was unveiling i had learned that i have other siblings out there in the world .
so practically shes stating once everything come back to life then shell feel like she will pass it next time .
being a foster takes a lot of patience .
you should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about <location> that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer .
he looked at the clock and it was three a .
if parents monitor their children closer they will be able to control what they are doing .
the library is where they get the books from .
seeing this sign most likely perpetuates his thirst and leaves him more exhausted and frustrated before .
after we got some food we went back to the truck .
new technology greater than my knowledge is coming .
everybody in this world needs to see that their are things were not going to like but we have to get over them and move on .
i learned there about how to love .
i hope that this little factor can help you too .
the builders of the empire state building came upon some problems when putting in the dock for dirigibles .
games such as these help in real-life situations .
kids are failing to do their homework because they are always on the computer when they get home .
no one should ever walk out a library with the feeling of being offended .
somebody thats patient experiences difficulties without complaining .
but computer are very helpful in lots of way and its so fun .
laughing is one of the best way to just relax .
after that my mom thanked me for being so patient and we never went there again .
it was very nice to have family and friends there to cheer us up and help us get through .
having anything containing this could spark conflict within or outside of the library .
the obstacles for the builders also became much more dangerous as they began to realize the science of the dirigibles .
a time when someone else i knew was patient was when i was trying to have sleepover with my friend <caps> .
every <num> the line would scoot to a bit .
some consider it a freedom of speech .
then you might be getting all the you need because your on the computer you might not go to to get the and veggies .
with modern technology .
learning to not sweat the small stuff is really important .
in paragraph <num> the point that having lead weights away down the back of the ship would be quite dangerous with so many pedestrians on the street below .
she was really busy .
and a third obstacle was the law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
so thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me .
the thing they have to understand is that children need to grow up .
media is just another way to gain knowledge thats why they are used at school .
for most people <caps> hard to be patient but sometimes <caps> is very important .
the concert was the best concert i have ever been to and probably the best one i will ever go to because <organization> is my favorite band .
she knows that the flower will bud and the geese will return in the spring and that is what she must do .
they had open dinner where friends and family members came .
<caps> time when i was patient was when i had to babysit my cousin for <num> .
<caps> made me feel beautiful .
grandma keep saying that it was itchy and tickling her .
my dad was giggling in the background .
whether the books relate well or poorly to each person is not something for a mass of people to decide .
the answer to this problem is strict censorship .
if everyone did the things that every other person does our world would not accomplish anything out of the ordinary .
what i do is fun and feels like normal .
my second reason why i think that they are not spending too much time on computers is because you can do your homeworks their and <caps> can help you with <caps> .
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends .
his name is <caps> .
being patient means to wait for something that <month> take a long time but you understand and wait without being rude .
it is fun because you are not bored .
another major problem were the winds .
and i was talking with my sister <date> and <organization> and i fell asleep .
he said okay and his parents also went but with my parents .
one decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a stronger one in a little bit .
i know that every person out there is different and has their own beliefs on different things .
luckily my dad was <caps> but while we were all distracted the raccoons had left with our food .
we were about to leave when <person> hooked one on his last cast .
the last major conflict in smiths idea was nature itself .
but i still sometimes have patience .
so i was sitting on the front and it stayed up in the air for about five seconds and then the scary thing happened .
he actually thought he might die .
the mood set by the author is very solemn .
we waited for a long time .
we ended up finding hair at the end of the ear id circled .
said you have reached your destination .
whats on television <month> be considered street smart education but that is good .
<month> find interesting and exiting .
everyone on <caps> team seemed slightly weirded out by me .
it is plain to see that the computer in an important not in the process of exchanging information .
the winds of the top of the building constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
his friend <person> sees someone walking out a the hotel room and realizes that its his mom .
a dressing room had finally opened after the long wait of about <num> minutes .
which helps in most cases .
the frame needed to be modified and strengthened to accommodate the new mast .
they try to get close but they cant because of forceful winds .
nature was said to be the biggest obstacle the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i think the author concluded the story with that paragraph to show that she is adapting and that she is starting to accept the change .
this made his journey very dangerous .
<caps> i helped him .
even people want to know where are some people from .
for example on my last research project for social studies i used the computer and got an a .
i think that when it becomes a threat to the <location> they should remove material .
it is all about choices .
if someone that likes those kind of books and they are being taken off .
one of the moods was happiness .
the three of us were swimming as fast as we could in the cold water after a pole and i was almost to it .
it shows that her hope and trust to pass the test comes from the hibiscus flower .
an initial problem was faced during the process of adding the mooring mast to the building .
nobody in this entire world is exactly the same .
libraries can put age approval marks on certain books to permit only certain age groups to read them .
it seemed we were having to much fun that day .
so reader these are some reasons why people should easily computers .
these are little things we can do to make a change for good
i believe it should all be up to the individual to chose what they should do with what <month> offend others .
<caps> censorship should be applied to libraries .
this was the biggest problem .
there only a couple people observing the other animals .
also i would not care if i had to be quiet in the library it would not matter to me .
more and more kids are falling into those traps .
i mean its just a book it dose not really matter .
<person> hesitantly got up on the counter and slowly started to open the cabinet .
this reason is because use to it being quiet in libraries and not full with kids and teens .
i think it would bring us back a couple of ages .
so that just people who want a certain item or whatever can get it with out other people having to see or listen to anything offending
it all depends on the persons own interests and choices .
those four months were the longest of my life .
the books sometimes show us a depressing ending of a person who lived a vulgar or criminal life .
you should be able to have freedom without removing anything from anyone .
we went around the rapids through the pool .
so some people take it offensive .
you can meet <location> people be search them up if you are trying to find a old friend .
a life that his family can be proud of .
after wait we was mad cause my mother had to go get the money for my sister .
not making it safe for anyone around the building or in the blimp .
some cars were old and rusty and some are new and state of the art .
this is time-consuming and costly to fix .
in the <organization> it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press .
i want to live to laugh another day .
it also can have an effect on your eyes in your later life .
they could be offensive to some but to others only educational .
finally it was time for cake and i had to be patient again .
i tend to laugh many times throughout the day on account of i am happy .
laughing by its self lets the couple have a better beyond with each other .
this would make it illegal for the ships to even approach the area .
and it was just to make the building bigger .
the dirigible would pop .
the <caps> creates a mood of happiness in the <caps> .
so the next morning we were getting ready to go outside and work on the fort .
well the children will learn from those video games and movies .
he tells us of something he did with his cousins awhile back .
so i followed demands and went along with his idea .
patients is a good thing that you can have .
there are book if you need information .
this could cause issues with stability .
there is over a million websites to go to .
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me .
it would make you anxious to read it .
i love making people laugh .
now when i get a <organization> <organization> it seems not that long .
he told me he would get my brother back .
they will they fall into a depression .
it was here where i learned the real definition of family .
i always patiently wait to see her again but it is hard if you know what i mean .
<caps> has often told them how courageous they are for letting people into their home .
you have to sometime wait for mangers to call you to get the next job applied for .
that is just insane that you would want to wast that money after <caps> being payed for .
i support advances in technology .
i was being accused of not putting in any work into a reading project .
bouncing around from the dips in the old road .
the author writes a book how they want it to be read .
another obstacle was the wind and nature itself .
they be helpful but more hazardous .
the architects and builders spend a lot of time building the mooring mast on top of the empire state building .
some people think that people use computers too much .
if those are removed i do not think that people would care that much .
my grandpa was the first to walk in .
can come to a person in multiple ways .
we laughed about that for the rest of the year .
when i read this memoir i felt happy reading it .
some people <month> seem that it might be cool to be just like her .
music is the same way .
well when you talk to them on the <caps> you can do other things .
some people have a lot of patience .
also i believe the author ended the story with that passage because it makes people want to read it again or recommend the story to someone else .
say you go in for an interview for a job that involves you working with people everyday .
each story in its own way teaches the reader a moral .
and read about people and go to countries just by a clicking a button is pretty amazing .
these topics today are still among the things that happen in todays society .
not something a little five-year-old needs to see .
if you watch movies on <organization> or <caps> they do not censor the movies because those are movie channels only .
she vows silently that in a year she will take the test again .
and i rolled my eyes and walked away .
then we go back on the couch .
<caps> stopped talking and just waited in line .
there were a few problems with the dirigibles docking on the empire state building .
when you use the computer for games or anything you do it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes to used on the screen .
it started working again .
the people that they will donate some money to the poor .
i see a tiny computer chip .
<organization> was mad at first then he started laughing too .
its hard to judge certain materials because some <caps> might find it acceptable while others might not .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist is that on his way he had to deal with so many things .
young children need books to help their imagination grow .
then i understood the homework .
after a few hours of being up in the snow we headed back down the mountain to go to his house and use his hot tub .
she really wanted to go to the park .
that quote makes the mood of the memoir loving .
first the rolling hills make it hard to pedal over the land .
but on the other feel that the if he can make their decisions in what is right .
the spring is when these events occur along with the annual budding of the winter hibiscus .
possibly the most dangerous obstacle was the climate around the empire state building .
by her taking the test again in the spring it is symbolizing that she is ready to start test just like the hibiscus that is going to bloom .
the boy is happy he lives in the <location> but his parents gave up so much for him .
<caps> would start yelling while everyone else just busted up laughing .
many people have stopped going out with friends and family due to going on the computer .
for instance i check out <caps> book every week and return the <caps> i checked out the same day i go to get a new <caps> .
if you not patience you all not git nothing .
setting <caps> the cyclists physical and mental state in positive and mental states almost equally in the story .
so there are just some things that contain violence that you just cant keep your child from seeing at one point in time .
so being on the computer does not make you smarter .
that when we saw each other <caps> was at his funeral .
one day when i was in third grade <date> .
it does this when he tells us that his parents immigrated just for him .
school websites also give people benefits in our society .
thats <caps> sets this place apart from the others .
the features of the setting had affected the cyclist in many ways .
they have some bad parts about them too .
he showed reminiscence by talking about what his house was like and what the people who made up the house were like .
and i think the author is trying to point out that everyone should have the strength to do the same .
i believe that if material being read of listened to is offensive then it should be taken off the shelf .
it is emotional because the care and love for each other .
having great coordination would mean that person would exceed past anybody who do not use computers .
next off i am going to tell you about how a computer cant really kill you .
the settings affect the cyclist in more than one way .
<caps> next reason why computers help out in society is computers help learn about hand-eye coordination .
paragraph <num> says it was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees celebrate their arrival to this country .
everyone will struggle at some point and its works of art that really get us through it .
we were the only ones on the road at the moment .
if an individual wanted to write a book that was not for children then he or she <month> do so without penalizations .
some material <month> be inappropriate for younger readers .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
that took off another two hours .
to be a part of making a child happy was the cherry on top of my <caps> experience .
such as i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
they also say that they are not interacting with family and friends .
these technological devices also create and sustain communication between family members and friends .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
my first reason is that parents do a lot of work on computer .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy .
this allows you to type and sent emails faster .
the computer people made programs that can computers and more really cool .
take rap music for example .
the <caps> and benefits of <caps> is really an important thing in life .
it really is what brings us together as best friends .
by using the computer to complete research papers students save hours of scanning through books in the library and money on reading books .
and at least i still got to play with my friend .
this shows the closeness of the people in the neighborhood had and this represents the love as well .
the author has the right to what they wrote and should have the opportunity to have their work acknowledged .
laughter is how me and her became friends and classes is what tore us apart .
you say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article .
i could not ride many of the rides there due to my size .
she came unto us holding piece of paper and my mom asked what i had .
yet some people refuse to accept computers are now apart of every day life .
i was able to focus on other things beside the cruise .
we got settled into ground blind at about <num> .
because some of the things are very mean in books and movies .
the sun is beating down on him and is making it harder for him to reach his destination .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a negative way .
one obstacle was trying to moor a dirigible at the top without stressing the building too much .
that was the start of it .
she must be happy with her life here in <location>
some spend years trying to perfect their masterpieces .
there are the major benefits of using a computer .
there are great books that for years people have enjoyed reading and continue to read today .
she fixed her hair and wiped the drool away .
this how organize my ideas .
the most popular right now is <caps> .
<caps> can only learn so much from a world history textbook .
some people should think that school should not read <person> due to racism in the south .
my friends and i believe that laughter is an essential element of life .
it was awkward at first .
i will always be grateful to my parent for their love and sacrifice .
so many media sources today are censored that it is essential to keep a place where people can freely obtain material and express opinions .
she knows everything is going to be taken care of .
when everyone woke up we stopped for food and gas .
today there are books on almost any topic anybody could dream of .
i fear the out come of that .
in example use <caps> for projects .
he also had a kind tone when talking about the friendship in his community .
to sum it up computers help with hand eye coordination .
with the wind pressure and the dirigibles load itself there would be too much stress being added to the buildings frame .
i can see why they put it on the kids shows .
why is my only question to why the people want to censor material in the libraries .
this is all generously spoken within the depths of the excerpt .
different types of books explain different types of things .
i think i might have broken it i replied in between jobs they rushed to get an aid <caps> quickly a possible .
the tension in the air was almost to thick .
that was a time i was patient .
one problem was designing the building to be able to withstand the stress from a thousand-foot dirigible swinging around it in the wind .
and by doing this we deprive future generations of information that could potentially be useful .
when we got to <location> we drove to the upper peninsula .
my beliefs wont be the same as yours but this is how i feel and this is how i will keep on feeling .
i had <date> wait from <date> .
there are many things that can affect a cyclists journey .
communicating with others .
we went home and i went to <caps> .
having laughter in life makes the world <caps> round .
my uncle lived there so since he always came to our house we were going to his new house .
they kind of helped .
i am almost patient in everything .
one day my mom came home from work .
this was thought out to be a great idea .
they have a nice home nice friends and a good and caring family .
that is why she concludes the story that way .
censorship is somewhat the same way .
this precaution was due to the safety hazard that these dirigibles posed since they were highly flammable from the hydrogen used .
<date> thats obviously never going to change .
then my cousin got like beat up from all the time he fell off the bike .
thats why the author made this statement the last sentence of the story .
all of us now how to laugh and all of us probably have laughed at least once in our entire lives .
technology helps and benefits us all in a good positive way .
on paragraph <num> it mentions how the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
opinions such as these could kill a persons dreams .
another reason was it was very unsafe .
nature is exotic and beautiful and all of us should take care of it and appreciate what we have .
after all no one wants to hang out with someone who is always negative and only looks at the bad things .
there are also different genres that people enjoy reading .
libraries have the freedom to get what ever books they want to and put them on shelves .
on my first day i would shoot one i saw one .
books like this in school libraries have no reason to be there .
thats not all though .
its the times you decide to just go with the flow and enjoy someones company instead of letting it bug you .
also the ornate mast would be difficult to raise on top of the empire state build due to the high winds .
this is because if they spend all their time on the computer they can get sick .
the law has not passed yet and has remained in schools .
but you can get emails and instant message ways .
another mood that was created was calm .
<caps> was the first time she has ever said she loves me .
due to all these problems the dirigible would never be safe to land on the mooring mast was the problems that the builders faced .
hand-eye coordination is very important to learn and computers help to teach it to people .
they left everything behind them .
the last obstacle the builders faced was nature .
the next <caps> we got up early again and fished all <caps> .
this had meant it was very flammable which was something the must consider .
the greatest obstacle to successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
the two old men gave him the wrong directions and send him on a trip through hell that only a determined person could get through .
at first none of us really skated cause we were looking around .
especially kids should be outside playing and exercising .
then we all looked at the menus and found out what we wanted .
the whole time this was happening we were all having a good time .
one of the main reasons that the mast was never built was due to safety .
now that hes drinking more water his running out of it faster and wanting more and more of it .
the right to decide what is and is not appropriate for us should not be decided by libraries .
i think the use of computers is very good things in the present day <location> .
food music and all .
a tear leaked out of the corner of eye .
one more obstacle they faced was an existing law .
my third reason is when people do go on all they do is eat junk food and get no exercise .
she told me to wait <date> <date> .
i know it would make me stop reading if i cant read what i want to read .
when the old men told him to take a difficult path and did his in tire setting changed for the worst .
the problem was solved after spending over <money> on a steal frame to support the mast .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she did fail the test and see wants to see the hibiscus is budding .
the idea of docking dirigibles at the empire state building were ignored .
she appreciated what her parents had done for her .
the terrain was long and straight then turned into tall hills which had to be difficult to ride .
these dirigibles or blimps were large balloons that were capable of carrying passengers but needed a great landing area .
government officials can talk with other leaders from around the world .
i even seen on the news where it was an author who wrote a book about how he killed a lady .
but sometimes in movies people hear something from the movie and they spread it around the <location> .
he loves the <caps> .
parents need to watch what there kids read and watch on a daily basis .
that is why i think the mood the memoir creates is love
not being able to laugh would make this world dull and a very depressing place .
i played with a neighbor kid around the same age as me playing video games and eating unhealthy junk food .
laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
the <caps> also spoke about his parents and there life .
that is what stinks about being patient you are always waiting for something good to happen .
i think that there could be some things adults can read and some things kids can read .
the mood that author has created in this memoir was a happy feeling because this is proud of his culture .
if you here a song once and then you just take it a wrong way u never let your mind here what they said .
children need computer to make there intelligence go up higher .
my younger sister <person> learned how to read on the computer .
<caps> had set it all up on her old pool table that nobody used .
laughing has helped us get to having a great relationship were we can tell each other anything .
when we arrived at our destination the line was huge .
builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i also had a runny nose so she said i probably had a cold .
there are better alternatives .
two other people were behind me and they helped me up and then we ran around the bus .
that is why you need to be patient .
many people <date> are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face .
once the mooring mast was built the builders still encountered more problems .
well since you are still reading on that means you cannot make up your mind .
if a book is put on a shelf then it is there for those who enjoy that material .
the wind at the top of the building are very strong and would have swiveled around the mast .
so you go to your computer from there .
in the bible it say be patient and i did .
this affected the cyclist because he was starting to feel dehydrated and thought he was going to die .
a picture on a computer cannot even compare to what it is really like .
people want these tools of ours to be removed this will only be the begin .
but after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her .
our laughter can even change how a situation is going to progress .
for example computers .
when you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence .
i take dance lessons twice a week and when i can .
so we decide to go up and ask what was going on .
fake and dangerous info when we have book .
it shows that the author had a very loving community and remembers this time as a time of love and brotherhood .
this tests and quizzes .
in paragraph <num> he says it was here where i learned the real definition of family .
there was nowhere for him to find water for miles .
the song began as well as the dance .
something she needed at such an ugly time for her .
he had goals where the building would be equipped for an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation pioneers .
when i got in the car i could just tell by the way <caps> looked that <caps> was having a bad day and just needed to have some fun .
she had lost a lot of hope with the big move to another country .
yes once you were happy you had a computer .
children can also read or listen about gun violence .
all the things we have been through make me laugh .
now music and movies etc .
so they had to come up with something fast to fix that .
that would be why there is such thing as sections in libraries .
if there was ever a malfunction or error while docking then thousands of people may lose their lives .
or they just picture this books every where .
he was turning <num> years old .
to conclusion i believe computers have a huge negative effect on people .
finally we were at port <location> .
this shows that almost half of the students at just the middle school are on the computer .
my friends are family i have chosen for myself .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
the series can contain violence that can influence kids and teenagers .
another example in paragraph <num> where is says i will never-forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
the governments opinion of whether something should be censored or not has changed over time .
<person> and i started laughing at the dog because it stumbled around for a few minutes and then decided to sit down and just bark at he tree .
thats because of computers .
at times movies can be very interesting because of the actions and drama in the movies .
soon enough it was my turn to go see the doctor .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love .
at first i thought i caught a carp .
you can talk to your <caps> all .
the next time you are in the library looking for a book ask your self one question is it to offensive to be important .
<person> was a hamster .
another important problem was the intense winds that were harsh and made it very hard to dock on the building .
they had to use over sixty thousand dollars to buy modifications for the stressed frame .
but to much is not good .
<person> let me go first .
i walked in and asked my mom if she could curl my hair .
was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
its just that simply .
the factor of nature made the mooring mast idea completely <caps> .
these are the obstacles the builders faced when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
my mom asked me if i wanted to keep going in the huge line or go next time when less people were there .
censorship should not be allowed in libraries .
the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
which i find really weird because things like that are going to happen in life .
a third mood in this memoir is compassion and dedication .
it just frustrates me .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
emailing is used for many things .
sometimes we she take a break from them and enjoy nature .
in the <date> time my mom had planned of trip for us to go to <location> for two weeks .
of sleep ever <date> which lets us make it through school .
going on the computer all the time can became an addiction .
your slow you might <caps> <caps> still i laughed and hung up and went in said and we all laughed .
we were both thinking about this big barrel that had been left in the track at our school .
i always have to be patient when i put way model airplanes together .
i made a snobby comment and i at one of the tables .
if you are stuck on a computer for <num> hours a day you will never have any family memories .
that is all i have to say for now .
it was a good thing that i was patient .
for example you have to <caps> a project on <caps> .
when <date> eve came my parents agreed to stop fighting for the next few days because they wanted us to be happy on <date> <time> .
if kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it .
those movies have been put on the highest of best film lists .
now every time she sees me she tries to make me laugh <caps> makes me feel good every time she does <caps> .
the outburst of laughter continued on for the next five to ten minutes .
many features in the setting affect the cyclist .
throughout these next paragraphs i will be giving you all of my reasons on the things that computers help people do .
this made the cyclist doubt the old timers directions .
the something with technology .
one hundred percent of factual books is correct .
same for when some one asks you whats offensive to you .
listening to the nonstop comments and jokes on every thought and every subject and every thought possible .
instead of just hearing voice or waiting two or three days to talk to them .
although the greatest obstacle the builders had was allowing the dirigible to dock .
they also teach hand-eye coordination which is good for almost anything .
when i had to keep a tremendous amount of patience .
laughter is so very important to a persons health .
i sat on my desk and did not know what to do .
we waited <num> minutes plus the time for every to get out .
as i mature i find out more and more that patients is important .
this would swing in the breeze and yet passengers could safely get on and off the dirigible by walking gangplank to an open observation platform .
if your inpatient you would go look for some .
school libraries are a whole different idea .
the features of setting affect the cyclist .
i had never had any sort of emotional breakdown before and the feeling was strange and alien to me .
you have yourself a deal .
every time she comes over to my house we always slide down the stairs in a sleeping bag .
if dirigibles were able to reach the building something could go wrong .
there nothing to loose .
we have the obligation to keep the <caps> that we have created alive .
this shows that the test she look had to do with spring and the budding of flowers and that she is trying to grow something .
a time when i was patient was when my birthday was coming .
or is it just a doggy thing .
we decided on nachos .
i yelled as <caps> and i began the process .
after i ate <caps> the meat .
there are thousands of books on the <caps> and many movies as well .
the hibiscus symbolized her determination in life .
the setting in this story was hot and filled with rolling hills .
if we need communication we have phones .
at the end of the song we laughed so hard we cried .
when we entered the classroom everyone was surprised that we were actually getting along .
this was not the case for me .
one very basic but evident result from using a computer is hand-eye coordination .
when you take away a mans voice and emotions you are left with an empty shell of a person who will never know life to the fullest .
but <caps> thought it took forever to get her tickets cause she was not patient .
in the excerpt the mooring mast by <organization> faced many problems with the attempt to allow blimps to dock their .
it did take a while but i never got mad or impatient .
being that it was dry and hot made his ride hard .
my grandpa put on his shoes and we went out to look at the damage .
libraries are considered public places and have a wide range of audiences .
right after meeting each other our counselor made all of us play a game of <caps> .
the greatest reason why it was never fully constructed was because of safety .
i cant even imagine life <caps> laughter .
so there i stayed safe in hiding until my best friend found me .
social lives are very affected by what they learn and how they learn the material .
sometimes might happen to your eyes because your steading looking at the computer .
finally <person> got to the bathroom .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
but the only thing i could do was be patient .
you can search any topic and learn more about it .
face it kids even younger find ways to do things that their parents do not want them to do .
i had eliminated everyone except for one .
and i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
just as much as putting <caps> <caps> into the adults section .
that was not possible because the city was already made below .
they might start doing something else or get answers for something they can do without the computer .
that can be really hard .
in conclusion the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges in trying to let blimps dock .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
very many people are just too protective .
while they are reading the book opens there mind to much more then what they are used to and normally around everyday .
the reader also leans that she failed a test and feels at of place .
all have to do is type in a keyword or phrase and you have instant research on whatever you wont you wont information on .
later that night i showed my mom i could do it .
it is the best feeling ever because you know how to put a smile on that person .
thats <caps> set the mood .
no one wants the truth cut out of their reading materials .
but at that moment i fell in love .
help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others .
with freedom of the press anyone can write about anything they want .
i am against censorship in libraries and i hope you are too .
i believe that <person> agrees .
so my mom changed her clothes and we were off to the store .
all i could see was her red hair covering her face .
i was sick so i called <caps> <caps> at her job .
the most important is the computer .
why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in .
the old people made him go through the rocky way .
that is what i think respectful way .
instead the friends replied and told him how they was doing and then told <organization> they wanted to go on a road trip .
if you check something out of the library and you lose it you will have to pay for it .
a quick kiss with <caps> .
<caps> ended up staying with <person> and getting married .
but you have to go shopping .
i never knew how important laughter would be to me .
his determination started to fade because he started to see wide open lands with nothing but tumbleweeds and ridiculously large snakes .
the roller coaster was about a couple minutes long it was worth the wait .
computers are only here to make our lives .
reading is overall good for mental and social health because it allows us to explore things deep inside of us that are often rendered useless in our fast-paced world .
according to the old men the cyclist would pass by a few towns if he took the route they told him .
that have been proven .
i think now its very clear how important computers are in our society .
books can be very educational .
if they did not like the book or movie it is their fault for picking it in the first place .
you can meet new people and is a good way to make life even better .
it also looks this time was one of his bes time .
i guess i never believed laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
this is a very important obstacle because of the frame becomes to stressed by excess wait of the dirigible the building might collapse .
my first reason is natural disasters .
thats an example of being obsessed with a computer .
this can help heal or improve some people reflexes by making their eyes more keen .
another way is that you can get work done .
as early as paragraph <num> the author writes .
so then he sticks a few pebbles into his mouth .
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills .
nothing was going my way and it was ending up a very bad day .
the kids at the park thought it was funny and were laughing at me .
some computer games help expand your imagination because when your playing games you think of things that could make the game better .
the author is very grateful for how his parents gave him a home and taught him what a family really was .
<caps> face turned to a bright shade of red in a way that i might explode .
everyone is an individual and is different in their own way .
having these programs helps kids stay in touch with friends that moved away .
but there also can be things that you do want them to read .
thank you for reading this and have a nice day
many times there are things that happen that make you laugh .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while constructing a mast that would make it possible for dirigibles to dock .
the <caps> <caps> is an example of a controversial book that many people believed to be offensive to their religious beliefs .
while the builders were trying to droop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
computers are one way of communicating to <caps> loved ones in far away places .
he agreed to be my partner .
there are <num> features of the setting that affects the cyclist on his journey .
we have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer .
so spread the word for the sake of thousands of people .
this is another reasons why computers a good .
<caps> knows that his parents care about him more than they can ever express .
<caps> then i asked her another .
that is why i have patience .
it started in third grade .
as i sit in the waiting room at <organization> <caps> <caps> waiting and waiting for my grandpa to come to thee recovery room .
also the architect met with president of an airship transport company that offered a dirigibles service across the pacific ocean .
as it says in the memoir i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the empire state building would have to .
this case is similar to the physical features of <caps> <caps> .
then the phone rings .
for the things people find offensive i believe they should just simply stay away from it .
i belief it is of a great cause for children of the modern day world to celebrate their own religion how they would like .
let readers have their freedom .
the dirigibles could not fly so low without posing a risk to the people .
it was a really long trip .
everyone has the right to read any book they want to .
using a computer can help people in many ways .
i think that it benefits us all .
we had to dress up as elves and play with kids .
it was now three against two .
first of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise .
there is no reason to why people cant use computers quite often .
<caps> you heard the saying laughter is the best medicine .
another is for books on certain people or events .
one example is when they talk about all being a family and letting people stay .
airplanes were a safer and more efficient new way to travel .
also there would only be one cable holding it in place .
there are several things that explain why i think this .
my second reason is people spend less time exercising .
they need to be up and active .
we had been patient enough on the plane ride to <organization> .
<caps> allowing this we are creating future generations of great thinkers .
being patience is a good thing because if you are and then you are in some rough time in life .
thats why i think using the computer is good for us .
if you have a negative opinion on what it said then you will not even look at the next time you go by there .
but a child laughs <caps> you make a funny face or <caps> an animal does something funny .
that on main time in my life was when i was waiting for my dog to have her babies .
some people have one because they like to look at pictures .
and people to watch you and can tell you you are too young for that stuff .
our last one was the <caps> <caps> .
this trip seemed like it was going to be a long one with out my phone .
this would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
this our only chance to save the white <organization> .
the mood the author created is very grateful .
he is most happy about how he learned about the real meaning of family .
you can make them feel bad without doing anything besides typing a message .
the number one reason is because it is not safe .
we have had seen censorship in our history .
when they need to be working on their <caps> they get distracted and start to go and <caps> their own thing .
soon after that we played video games .
four months later it was finally time to go .
on paragraph <num> it says countless extended family members came and went-and there was often someone staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet .
i will try to give details on why it does not or if it has to be taken off the shelf .
that way he can call it his home .
here are some points to consider .
you being patient is important .
<caps> had to reinforce the building to handle this new stress .
and the some i believe that child in the <location>
another example <organization> entertainment is when <caps> younger brother .
if something like that would happen in a heavily populated area like <caps> then there would be a problem .
all of this happened with me recording .
their happy because their all a family living together as one .
that is what everyone loves to hear and makes the mood hope that the whole nation will act like that .
after i got cleaned up i realized how silly i had been .
this is the story of me .
kids need to use the computer because its another way for them to communicate with each other .
most children that go to a library already know what kind of book they want and are with an adult at all times .
the first reason was that the books should be taken out of the library is because their racist .
those are ways the <caps> changes during his <caps> .
schools should be a place for either all books or a place for no books at all .
these advances in computers can also allow people to learn worldwide information .
most dirigibles from outside of the <location> used hydrogen rather than helium .
<person> came down the stairs and greeted me with a hug .
the last ribbons of laughter still danced around in the air and whispered to me that everything was going to be okay .
an i can check how <caps> teams are doing .
the builders gave up hope but the moorings still looms atop the empire state building as a reminder of what could have been .
they <month> not even know what the right or wrong thing to do is .
the more insight you can feel about a persons feelings the more laughter you can find deep inside a individuals well being .
there are many ways the mood was created by the author in the memoir .
why kids are acting the way they are .
each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture .
in todays society music is horrible .
no young child should be able to check out about full of shooting and fighting .
if there is a need for things like this then have a special store for things like this
he loves to follow me all over my house .
well behaved children all around the <caps> is what you can look forward to if you censor books and magazines all around the <caps> in libraries .
campfire that <time> was a hoot .
i read an article on the web page and on paragraph <num> sec .
nothing could prevent the dirigibles from swinging around the building .
these are example of the moods that author created in the memoir .
we started off just figuring out how it worked and where to go and we fought about it for a good hour .
computers help us everyday .
the water that the cyclist is drinking is drying his mouth out even more .
but my dad want he was worried and then fill sleep .
i believe that if people want to experience it they should be able to without wondering if it will gone the next day .
if the reader is mature enough to understand the <caps> then the book corresponds with the age of that child .
that kid would have nightmares for a week .
in this case i think that if it is in a public library they do need to watch what they put on the shelves .
the final obstacle of the success of the mooring mast was nature itself .
that seemed crazy <caps> me .
many obstacles were scientifically proven why the dirigible could not dock at the empire state building .
we all agreed that <caps> was a great plan and we would all have a wonderful <caps> .
we raced to her garage in panic to find sleds .
if i were you go patient it leads you to a good future .
as a student i know that kids use computers all the time .
do not get to close to the screen because <caps> can hurt your eyes .
as a teenager i can say that most of us who like music we love it .
<organization> and i did all the shopping the day before .
the author even remarks that sadists are probably finding his story pleasing .
family really is a strong bond that will last forever .
using computers helps society .
we started heading home and i slide around with every step i took .
that was the mood of the <caps> .
when it came time to take the picture at the end i was crying i was laughing so hard .
we eventually decided to get up and get ready .
he tells us how they welcomed people into their home whenever they were in need .
so she says that she wants to retake the test .
to take advice from strangers and better yet he should use it .
i especially the laughs that make your stomach feel like its going to fall out of your body and continue laughing on the floor .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was by nature itself .
the empire state building was not a good place to attach a blimp to .
it would cause a lot of problems for many people .
i believe that advances in technology have had a negative affect on people .
anyone can watch any type of movie in my opinion .
she helps homeless teens find places to stay and she is always welcoming .
it was a very good story .
everyone has their own view on the subject of offensive or not .
its because it means so much to them .
and you can send pictures or videos to people in order to keep in touch .
they would keep coming up behind me and hitting me in the back and running away .
the features of the setting affect a cyclist in many ways .
a computer also helps me through my daily life .
i knew he could do it <caps> matter how many times i tried or he tried .
she was angry but she was patient .
then i went in for <caps> .
if you are doing your homework and you forgot an answer .
many people think that books like these should not be available for anyone to read .
all of this is possible and much quicker then watching the news or weather channel .
the builders of the empire state building faced many problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
laughter is important in all of my relationships .
there are many great activities you can do such as reading a book .
when it was finally time to board one of my sisters had to use the restroom .
of course theres going to be a book or movie or magazine that has something inappropriate in it .
but getting back to what i was writing about so in <date> i asked my <caps> .
nature helps save the brain .
finally <caps> stepped out of the vehicle .
i went to stores to see what they had .
i have had my experience with books who are offensive to me .
why i think we should have computers .
each town cares about its residents and want them to have fun .
some say offensive material should be taken out of libraries .
the sound of laughter could be one that breaks all barriers .
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us .
those are the overall moods of the memoir .
but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town .
there is this one thing about computers that remains constant .
i believe along with many others that libraries should not censor out offensive materials .
i was about to open my present when my neighbor told me to wait .
computers can and will take away family and friend time .
my best friend <person> and i had been talking on the phone everyday for at least an hour each day for about two weeks straight .
they had many obstacles at hand .
everyone has their own opinion and <caps> is mine .
the empire state building was an incredible building without the idea of the attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
it would add unwanted stress to the building frame .
i also had to be patient my birthday this year because i knew i was getting cool stuff but i never imagined it would this cool .
being patient is respectful to others and others will be your friend .
it was time to get some sleep .
computer have <month> mark information then any book in the world .
this not only comforts her it also makes her miss her old home more .
its disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers .
the person could go out and see friends and family .
now say you came back and attack the problem again .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is <caps> .
when a book from that section is being checked out merely ask for an <caps> from the person checking that book out to make sure that they are of age .
when i was young me and my friends would play at <caps> <caps> .
this is when my normal day turned into one of the most eventful days ever .
his still in a good mood when he comes to the first town .
so you could say your happy with your weight but no one ever said it was healthy .
and the hydrogen is highly flammable .
the sun shone through slivers of the trees surrounding it like moonlight dancing on ice .
other people can find out about places they might go .
the author talks about all his friends and family who graced his table in paragraph <num> .
then the greatest reason of safety came upon them .
another problem is some foreign blimps are made with hydrogen .
this nation needs as many books as it can get because they are all extremely helpful to those that they appeal to .
i was waiting in line at <location> adventure for a ride .
after a while he starts to get tired .
in the story it goes on about how thirsty and sweaty he is .
bus got the i fell asleep .
it is an important thing to think about .
he explained a little about his parents when the first came here to <location> .
the cyclist traveled through the desert to get to his destination .
the person controlling the ride explained .
work get finished a lot a quicker on the computer so you have more time to do other things like hang out with friends .
an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
the cyclist and also be attracted mentally .
on his computer and haven went outside .
the other obstacle the builders faced to is that it against the law .
his physical effect was making him feel hopeless as well .
this way no children would see the book anyway .
finally after the longest <num> minutes of <caps> life there was no sign of thunder or rain .
but that was the exact opposite of <caps> was going on right now .
most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer .
computers are a most have in a society .
either its a law or the parents have made it a rule .
for example if someone likes rap but not country that person has a choice to listen to rap and not country .
these materials can be found helpful to others .
laughter is the key to the soul .
people from all over the world have many different opinions .
the next morning we woke up at five to start working on the farm .
this law made it clear that the dock would never happen .
everyone has the right to express themselves through art in their own way .
on my last trip at <caps> point i made a horrible mistake .
the workers faced many obstacles in the process of building the mooring mast .
i hope our children or any other children take this book off the shelf because it would be offensive or demeaning to the race of me or the children .
this supports the mood of the memoir because the authors appreciative of the atmosphere of the place that he grew up in .
i was mortified that the little girl had to hear those words at such a young age .
that is why you should have computers all the time .
tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake .
i love <caps> but once a year or so <caps> patient enough to wait until <date> downward .
thats just a example .
most people in the <location> have at least one and the number grows still .
it shows this in <caps> <num> throughout the whole thing .
thats one of the reason why i like <caps> as a friend .
we all tried to think of some ways out of this .
so we waiting in line for two hours in the hot sun waiting to ride the ride .
i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it .
take a stand and censor those books .
hand-eye coordination is an important skill that many people lack .
another factor that goes with this is the wind currents .
this feeling of graciousness tells about the love and sacrifice he feels his parents went through for him .
my parents could not hear us over the storm since they were asleep and we were helpless no matter what we tried .
they help each other out .
i remember the time i was patient with my parents .
some people think that materials in a library should be censored while others think everything should be allowed to be there .
responsible towns people are .
lately my family has been eating in our living room .
another reason how computers benefit the society is by helping with careers .
most people that use computers are interacting with people someway somehow .
but just to have fun an be silly .
my brother threw himself back and i went soaring out of his room .
we want to keep your children away from the bad things
how can you make fun of someone who does self harm .
it is so stressful to be in a really competitive game and have the whole game on your shoulders .
he got more tensed that i was not laughing or smiling .
they have to exist with the affected the cyclist .
eventually everybody will come in contact with almost everything that is mentioned in books at some point in there life .
my parents use e-mail all the time .
in the story the cyclist was affected .
the author talks about how he realized the true meaning of family in his house .
i asked her how long i would be grounded .
therefore i think having computers are a good thing because nowadays computers are very useful .
i looked like a star in my own eyes and i was satisfied .
he told us he got lost .
nothing but obesity .
i believe that the author ended the story with this paragraph to show the persistence of the main character .
the flower represents something to her that gives her motivation and determination .
<percent> of the adults who surveyed at the public library said the computers help .
libraries should put the movies in the adult section of the library .
but all that time <person> and <person> were talking .
these problems caused this idea to disappear .
that is patience story of being patient .
there have been a couple of times where i have walked in a library where i found a couple of books that was offensive towards me .
it can help our hand-eye coordination because it can help our fingers move faster and help us do things faster .
the shelves would be bare .
one obstacle was the wind .
i think that people should think about patience more often .
we love to hang out and be together .
like one time i went out to eat with my family .
instead it would just go around and around the mast .
this is a messaging tool that lets you talk instantly with friends and even see them with video-chatting .
i also know that i have people that care for me and want me to be happy and full of laughter .
i mean its a library they should have it all .
many times i have read a book that has completely contradicted my religion .
this is why computers have a drastic negative affect on people .
also if you are in the army and have a <organization> baby you can watch as they take their first steps or say their .
there are countless times where laughter was been the center piece of my time with <caps> .
<caps> runs up to ball and kicks .
there were many obstacles faced by the builders in the creation of the mast .
when someone else asked for help .
it would get annoying if every time we wanted to talk to someone of three things would happen without computers .
to this day i will never forget that moment .
after we sat down the mood lightened a little .
thousands of kids give out there address and have been robbed .
hydrogen is highly flammable and actually caused a dirigible to be destroyed by fire .
that is why i think the author included that paragraph .
by the time the doctor actually came it was about <num> .
well that all changed one night when we decided to go to the <location> and play a few rounds of <caps> .
the author concludes the story with that because she is determined to succeed in <location> .
lastly would be how his parents cared for him .
everything is offensive to someone .
i was so happy because it was one of the best moments ever .
the mood created by the author was grateful .
replayed and finally made up after five days of fighting .
a memoir is a true <caps> witch tells true feelings behind what the author is saying about the <caps> .
<person> wrote a famous book called <organization> .
some things are good about magazines because they show you posters of some of the super stars in the music career .
she is in a new country and just failed her drivers test .
this could be in more ways than one .
not only that but advanced games such as <caps> of <caps> improve eyesight .
to the computers people technology is a good thing to have .
it had been about an hour and forty minutes when we were in the place to get on .
they get there find their seats .
lastly they could not more at the empire state building because it was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
you-tube is a social network of laughter .
the right one so i was very happy .
it would also obscure light .
the library is open to anyone and anyone could see the material .
a kid <month> grow up knowing not to talk to people they do not know but never really understand what bad could come out of it .
the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
people <month> watch inappropriate videos .
then he finally got the idea to wright messages in her phone and then i would read them and answer back .
i remember when my friend was over and i was on a computer .
<caps> first paragraph is about the first prank that we pulled on my aunt .
i seen so many materials that i think are not proper for people under age to been looking at .
there was only <num> minutes of class left and i had <caps> to do .
another example is this .
some people say laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
within <num> hours after the baby was born .
she hopes that the blooming hibiscus will give her strength to pass the test .
today the <caps> of <organization> is a famous and classic book .
so when a person who uses a computer often is at a social gathering they are usually very awkward .
for example i will never forget how my parents turned a house into a home .
it could be happening with every letter you press .
there are many things that can cause people to laugh .
if you want your friends you can just message them .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because of some causes .
computers are also good for social networks .
from that day on i asked everyone for money as a gift for my <date> .
in the <organization> every single person has the freedom of speech .
meeting new people is a good thing to <caps> .
it would teach us to be more intelligent .
kids need to get away from the computer .
for example <percent> of people will stay on the computer all day and wont even worry about their kids .
everyone has their favorite music they listen to or their favorite book to read even if it does offend a certain group or type of people .
the many obstacles faced by the builders of the empire state building never allowed any dirigibles to land there .
but some do not think that the libraries should be putting stuff there if they are not going to let any one touch it or check it out .
then where sh bought the hibiscus .
they are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer .
i believe in making people happy and one thing that is wrong with society today is too much judging and talking down and talking bad about people .
as the day went on the more i thought about <caps> friends the more i got frustrated .
one afternoon my brother <caps> went to pick up some car parts .
since you are sitting not doing anything else you start to eat a lot of snacks .
this problem was solve by <money> redesign of the empire state building frame .
if someone finds it offensive then they should quite simply not read it .
so i sat down all day with her and let her feel like she had some one to talk to for once in her life .
this can go on and on .
when i got home i took some medicine and went to bed .
the mood created by the author is described in many ways .
i was so surprised at how hast the the ice fell on my face that i started crying right in front of my best friend .
to value one opinion or perspective less than another is to debase the entire culture from which libraries have arisen .
i believe that libraries should not rid their shelves of offensive material .
many people who spend most of their time on the computer are or <month> became obese .
its not using time wisely .
it seemed to be funner than <organization> because in the week we were there we spent more time laughing and swimming down by the pool than actually in <location> .
<percent> of people say they learn social on the computer .
it makes me feel good to know that we can all be ourselves together .
he needs to get up and move around .
i surveyed <num> kids and <num> said that computers are there main source of communication .
the features of the setting affects the cyclist because the worst the features get the more he wants water .
my mom works the night shift at a well known hardware store .
i feel like once you become a parent you automatically think your smarter than a kid but yet kids are pretty darn smart .
just <caps> walking through <organization> in a banana costume with one of your best friends .
one of the many obstacles the workers faced was that they could not simply drop a mooring mast on the top of the empire state building .
<caps> we were walking down the stairs to get to the back doors of the building i asked if they needed any help with the play .
our first trip out on the sand was absolutely perfect .
sometimes life can feel so cruel .
she snow this as a test for herself .
to read and watch or listen other media is a great way to learn about things other than what is in our back yard .
also the desert gives the author low hope of reaching his destination .
this is why the computer are good .
mothers are often worried about their children picking up things in the library that they think are offensive .
books and magazines should be allowed in the public library even if they feel offended .
that could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family .
these are some of the many obstacles the architects had to face when designing the mooring mast .
the narrator is explaining what courage it took for his parents to make such an adjustment for the sake of his own happiness .
we can find the newest technology i phone or <caps> .
the teacher understand that i did not understand <caps> to do the work .
this later resulted in him becoming dehydrated .
this shows that kids spend more time using the computer then anything else .
this a time when i was patience and when i want other people to be patience .
during the construction of the empire state building builders faced many obstacles with attempting to allow a dirigible to dock there .
<caps> still hurts to fight with friends .
the first problem to over come was the stress a thousand foot long dirigible would add to the buildings frame .
know anything about the sport know how to dress for it to keep their body at a comfortable temperature but sometimes the weather plays tricks on us .
<caps> it starts poring rain and my moms still on the phone .
the kids could see something they think is really neat on the <caps> and then go out and try that .
laughing was almost always constant when boating because we just had the best time .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications would have to be made .
she believed that he would try to learn witchcraft .
computers and technology today have had a very influence on very many people .
no i do not believe this statement for many reasons .
if we were to censor books then there would be nothing to read in libraries .
my reasons are first people like certain books and should be able to get what ever they want .
that is why some material should not be taken away .
i personally feel that computers are a marvelous tool to help mankind advance .
computers make things more organized so <caps> easier to find things .
it <caps> helps you at your hand movements .
some say it is the best median .
the mood of the memoir was <caps> .
this time i stayed on my side of the water and went up a steep road that lead up to the top of the ridge .
some girls forget to ask their parents and it buss me because there is only two days left .
it was good to see kids that will be on my school and in my classes .
my whole family is not in patience but my friends are .
some people need computers .
there are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family .
we had lost the second <caps> .
an hour of waiting sounded okay .
when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there .
<caps> out of every ten computer owners in a recent survey stated that they had to service their computers within the last three months .
used hydrogen which was highly flammable and an accident at this building would be very dangerous because it such a densely populated area .
the hot sun beating down on him makes him sweat and makes him thirsty .
i then learned to be patient from then on .
com and it was about <caps> bullied but never .
this is terrible and should stop going on .
the dangers involved were too significance and the top of the building now much safer purposes .
the trailer went quiet .
its up to the parents to ensure that tomorrows generation can depict what is truthful and what is false .
so i screamed it again and she yelled back here .
a few years back me and my dad were siting at home watching <caps> .
well i know i have had several of those times with my friends and family .
he is always hipper and ready to go .
finds out a new website there going to tell there friends and there going to pass it on and <caps> on .
<num> more it was time to go home my dad and i was tired beyond help .
this would have made it illegal to tie a ship to the empire state building .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
also fears of the sharp edges and forceful winds would cause the dirigible to get punctured and pop .
would you like to be on the computer <num> and throw away your life .
people who support computer usage might say .
it would have to transmit all the weight and pressure all the way to the buildings foundation .
it gives you the to try something you <month> enjoy what you get .
he mood is mostly proud and thankful throughout the whole story .
i think that all the books at libraries should stay there no matter what they contain .
in the excerpt they say hydrogen is highly flammable which could cause many deaths .
authors should be able to feel free to express there thoughts and feelings about a subject or topic in any way they like .
it can be inferred that he meant they was obviously out of date when across directions since the ones they gave him were not correct .
children of course cant read everything in the library .
i feel the story is essentially about over coming things .
censorship is at times out of control but maintained we can use it for many things and have a great community as well as country .
i am thinking good thing i was not part of it because i might get kicked from the cross country team .
the building of the mooring mast on top of the empire state building was very poorly thought out .
with all the new computer going on sale and new appliances coming no one knows when it will stop .
allowing a dirigible to dock on top of the empire state building was never thought of an easy task to accomplish .
one obstacle was that most dirigibles outside the u .
the 101st floor was a glassed-in observation area and an open observation platform on the 102nd floor .
every time that word came up during that week we would laugh so hard that our stomachs started to hurt .
while others disagree .
i remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up .
that is why i think you should keep computers and not exercise as much .
they just cared about the pizza .
in conclusion i think computers have a good effect on people .
they will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day .
we waited for <num> hours long and we still was in line being patient .
i was waiting to get a lemonade with my mom and we had already been waiting here for <num> minutes .
it will do this by giving her strength or comforting her .
i was back stage with my dance team going over routine for the third time .
<num> out of <num> people do this in <location> everyday .
people have died because they spent too much time on the <caps> without eating and sleeping .
i actually enjoy family parties .
people just have to limit their time on how much they stay on the computer .
i meet her at the <organization> .
i can do this because at night when one one can go outside i go on the computer for school or for fun .
they do because they are trying to get guys to buy them just for that one pitcher that is in it .
if it has nudity or sexual content it will tell you or be put in a different section .
<person> yelled <caps> he was walking behind the stage .
nature if anything was the biggest obstacle of them all .
while reading this paper i hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world .
all this does is restrict the public from finding new ideas to compare to and form opinions .
finally the car had died and my dad had brought the car back home .
material with too much threat in it <month> make one feel like their life is in danger or like something bad is going to happen .
parents cant decide <caps> the parents of other children should do .
computers take the place of exercising for a young boy or girl .
this is showing you an image of just how hot the climate he is in .
my <caps> class had all girls and one boy .
and it was through laughter that i made my experience in <caps> class better .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
children should be restricted from viewing the explicit materials though .
and he could just be a bum .
these are some of the obstacles builders of the empire state building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there .
wed sometimes intentionally go to see romantic movies to laugh at how the girl or guy in them would break down crying .
imagine forgetting your homework at school and not be able to an a in that class .
<num> out of <num> people work out home .
yes i used the <caps> world but it was and is true .
i led nearly exploded from happiness .
movies are mostly just made up ideas that people come up with .
the smallest the sparking could set the whole blimp ablaze .
i started saying really funny things and she just started laughing so hard that she snorted and at the time she was still on the phone with her boyfriend .
so instead of complaining i stopped thinks about how long of would take to get our lemonade .
my birthday soon began to creep up after the first month at <location> .
when we attended to do it some people was not patient .
most dirigibles outside the united states used hydrogen instead of helium .
she had great neighbors .
i thought okay what ever ill stay at home while he goes to the doctor but there was one person in the way of that and her is mom .
in that small group of people that were not trying to get rid of that book you will find a number of people that would read the book .
laughing has always changed <caps> mood and helped me through situations .
he was running as fast as he could and i yelled at him to stop and wait <caps> he kept coming .
so we had to wait for four months .
computers play a big role in the obesity factor .
docking a dirigible there in those conditions would cause it to swivel around the building and become unsafe for passengers .
also no direction is another big one .
well there are ways to do that too .
using a computer helped hand eye coordination .
the solution would be to put heavy blocks in the back that could cause it to fall on top of the pedestrians .
a time when i had to be patient was on the drive to <location> <caps> took a few hours so here is <caps> story .
patient mean can you do something somebody ask you or can you do the right thing to people .
the poor and homeless who live with a low standard of living are often said .
so computers are a addiction waiting to happen .
i picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak .
just going out far which or even going on a run can give you time with your loved ones .
now its a fishing store and drinks lots and lots of water .
to me that is a pretty cool invention .
people should be able to read what they want to read when and where they want to read it .
com and look up different cultures and find out how the stuff they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat .
lastly when you have a computer you can chat and talk to other people .
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would not be any books to read because every book has something to censor .
there are jobs that you can do from home on a computer .
they will think that the things they see are okay in society because its in a library .
another feature that effected the cyclist was the lack of water .
once she was gone for the night i began to think .
people needs computers to look for a job .
by seeing or hearing something that comes off very offensive will tend to bring confusion to the library .
the greatest obstacle that the builders faced was the nature of it .
very much unlike previous encounters with kids at school .
the heat gives the cyclist another obstacle to overcome in his struggling to get to the next town for water .
me for being good the whole time .
plus we would also find up doing bills and taxes without computer software .
because it can mess up the way you see this can happen because from u looking at a computer screen all day or eyes can get mess up .
that is why laughter is a important element of out lives .
the practical obstacle the builders faced was by law .
another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones .
this gave <caps> a sense of family even though his real family was very far away .
i just think if their is a certain amount of people complaining about a movie or song that their should not even be a fight about it .
it hooked around left like the start of a figure eight .
yea <person> has a <caps> but to tell you the truth everybody has there own opinion .
i learned how to be patient too .
then we took the shuttle bus everywhere .
also students can play very soft music than not doing homework at all .
i just cant wait for class to be over most of the time .
<caps> computers have dramatically changed lives forever .
movies should be restricted from children to watch them .
so go ahead and try different kinds of laughs .
they seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity .
she told her uncle she would be in the woods that day and not t worry about her .
so long these obstacles were faced in attempting to allow docking .
i agree and disagree with the prompt .
the toss was no good .
i lost about six cousins in the war from where a bomb hit there area .
finally you spend less and less time with you family .
the black and white <caps> <caps> sticker .
the stress of a dirigibles load with the pressure of wind would go all the way to the buildings foundation .
above the city were strong winds which were constantly shifting due to air currents .
this is the fault of an immoral world .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph in order to end the story on an optimistic note .
i think that laughter is one of the best medicines around and can fix most problems whenever you are feeling down .
movies also give people something to do when they are bored .
we had so much fun .
hope <caps> have that much fun going <caps> practice again .
another thing they might do <caps> go to a website that could help them find affordable .
he finished the next day .
the sun was blazing out .
we need to try and watch what our children are listening to and watching .
those thing <month> influence kids to do things they should not even be thinking about doing .
one day when i went to the doctors to get shots my mom said i was very patient .
tried and tried but still no result of getting my new skill .
earlier that day i had upset my girlfriend with a statement that should not have been stated .
the empire state building had a mooring mast at its top for docking the new airships .
my entire team stared at me .
from outside of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium .
<caps> we need to talk .
<caps> i was already there .
what i really want to write about is the computer .
it move from sides to side .
the shelves would be blank .
later when he got out he saw they had it .
the reasons why i agree with computers have benefits is that .
it is almost impossible to control every aspect of society to make it appropriate to younger viewers .
she gets very mean and violent .
there are many people on the computer and if must be stopped .
maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time .
i said mama can you please come pick me up my stomach hurts reel bad .
the freedom we have is a freedom of choice .
computers have a positive effect on people because you can <caps> find what you need in minutes .
one time when i was little i was not very patient .
at any moment something could cause the dirigible to fall and crash on buildings and pedestrians .
there were six guys in my weight class and four of the six i have previously beaten in early season .
i spend most of the day on my computer doing homework than off it .
with a computer you can also learn about places all over the <location> and the world .
for example football keeps your legs strong and built .
therefore computers need to be used a lot .
so get off your butt and go outside .
by the time practice was over i think we had gotten a better workout from laughing then from playing volleyball .
my little brothers and my two cousins .
our relationship has been great ever since then .
but now they use there computer many things can go wrong .
a child can just as easily come across the wrong track to take ones innocence .
everyone started to laugh when <person> cut her off and she was running in a circle in the back yard .
i took my place on the mound and threw my screw ball .
from there dirigible passenger will board from there .
and <num> extra pair of clothes after that we were as our way to the hotel and ready to go to <caps> adventure that next morning .
it was warm enough to ride in t-shirts .
if they took them away not only will people files fall but everyone will be disorganized in the bong run .
everyone started laughing as well as myself .
an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
<caps> filled the room .
there on like for eight hours .
<caps> my mom said .
i recently seen photos of people who have been killed in the process of finding <location> .
computers also let you learn about different places and people around the world .
you can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get air .
they do not stop playing it because someone <month> having different feelings about the movie .
also kids get distracted in school because all they think or care about is going home and going on the computer .
lets say for instance that they brought their laptops but for at their cellphones .
and that you can end up losing something for a certain amount of <caps> .
a few minutes later <person> asked if his cake was ready .
<caps> i can make her laugh i always feel better about myself because it is never a good thing to see her in a bad mood .
people can lie and say they are a doctor in their <num> when they are really a <num> year old working at <organization> .
it was just the fun journey of getting to your <date> period .
it was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival to this country and where i celebrated my first birthdays .
you can talk to people on <caps> or email each other and have a conversation with them .
i know now why laughter is very important in a relationship .
also this will help people that are shy around people .
you have to understand that most younger teens and children are curious about many things before they even get to that age .
the mood of the memoir is that he is growing up in the house with his mother and father .
laughter can make someone either depressed or happy .
i know that kids still have a way of owning magazines like that but they are a small percentage of the kids .
now <caps> is always talking about how he is not afraid of anything and that he is so brave .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent wind currents paragraph <num> states .
computers allow you to interact with people far away .
they wiped down the seats for us .
since the computer was invented there have been many many advancements and all of those things are gone .
and at times i have been on the phone for a hour trying to explain homework to one of my friends .
after school i could tell something was wrong .
we hopped in the car and then lost it when we saw that it was some guy who was dressed up in one of those statue of liberty costumes .
i think of how the artist feels .
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
lets say i was going to make pizza and i did not know how i would have to look on the computer how to .
computers have of folders and programs to store information you need .
architects later realized that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by one cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame .
they feared it would continuously blow around the dirigible without a way to weigh it down .
this is the same for the books that are on library shelves .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
the computers are cool .
i wobbled up to the door and knocked .
i went to the barber shop was packed so the guy that cut my hair told me i was next in the chair .
<caps> teacher just smiled .
he always patiently waits till <num> .
one of which being that most dirigibles outside the u .
also you can put clothes and other store products an hold .
what society needs .
dirigibles that were built outside the u .
computers and the <caps> have changed the way the world works today .
also because of everything that could happen to the building .
through the use of computers people will be taught hand-eye coordination .
computers can help with that .
the authors parents invited refugees to stay with them until the got back on their feet .
so i just go on the computer and talk to them its one of the fastest ways and fun ways to .
<person> was the reason that a student from each school in <location> had any say in what the <organization> did or received school wise .
computers have a positive effect on peoples lives .
i know someone who has a <caps> and after school all they do is talk to people .
the goal is to be able to spend time with someone who you can have a good time with and crack some jokes around .
we were trying to find the best costumes for a <caps> party .
censorship in libraries is growing more and more gradually .
while they had to leave everything behind they did it for their kids and for a new life .
that is why i think everyone should be more patient .
people have many reasons for owning a computer and one is friends .
dear newspaper i strongly agree with experts on computers .
the reason why computers have a positive effect is because you work your eyes and while you are typing you are exercising your hands .
help us to became someone important in life .
ratings show whats appropriate for a twelve year old verses a twenty-five year old .
thank you again for listening .
now is the time to make your decision on whether or not you think computers are giving a positive effect on people .
if something causes someone else harm we should not do it .
if your children what to read and listen to these things then you cant let it influence them .
unfortunately this wonderful idea had a few holes in the plans .
<person> ended up getting full points on the entry when he turned it into his teacher .
after dinner we went to bed and fell asleep .
this evidence from the text proves to the reader that the cyclist was getting worried .
the cyclists features around him affected him negatively .
questioned the guy .
thankfully i was oblivious of the stuff they called me because i really wanted to remember what i wanted to say .
my last reason go on the computer your viruses connected to it .
the winds would cause the back of the dirigible to swivel around the mooring mast .
she told me you kept me waiting for the longest time ever .
i surged over to the mail box to get the mail and i found a box .
then i start seeing water parks and hotels it was really nice .
in my experiences laughter comes at the best of times .
dirigibles from other countries used hydrogen instead of helium .
building a mooring mast on the empire state building and many obstacles involved .
this book has many issues when it comes to political correctness .
finally i was time to go hot no one was happy except for me .
i got up and went looking for someone for my team .
the features of setting affect the cyclist in that a desert-like temperature and the terrain on which he must bike make him more prone to thirst and exhausting .
he first lasted and shook his head .
another reason computers are good because they can keep you out of trouble and can keep you entertained .
many people needs to read them and see what they are about .
nobody wants something to go against them in anyway .
theres a wide range of books laying around and one <month> come across one that is strongly offensive .
according to <person> about <percent> of teens spend most of their time on an computer .
the setting effected the cyclist because it was bumpy and had a lot of hills which means he has to work harder .
another was the setting affected the cyclist is at one point tumbleweeds were in his way .
if we do take away all the offensive materials we should take away everything .
another way the author created the mood of love was by talking about how his parents always kept there arms and door open .
therefore they are held accountable for their actions .
i can remember it as if it just happened a couple weeks ago .
i do think they should just be placed in different areas .
when inner-tubing we had learned <caps> work together and it helped our <caps> a lot in a way .
iv seen books that have no meaning at all that should be in are libraries .
the authors <caps> what his parents struggles that allowed to grow up the way he did and allowing him to have the life he did meant to him .
a time when i was patient was when i wanted a do i .
eventually we became really good friends .
its just unhealthy .
they needed to consult with experts and learn all they could about how dirigibles themselves worked .
its a great feeling knowing someone will do anything for you .
the <caps> says how glade he is that his parents help him out a lot .
many people have different views on what is right and wrong .
he talks about his family and when he was a boy and were he grew up .
<caps> the parts were the mood was very happy was probably parts that he could remember the most with detail .
some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager .
thank you for reading .
one example is that people that <caps> stay on the computer wont have much fun on other people .
people should not be shielded from the real aspects of life .
even thought that was the way i felt about the whole situation .
we passed from the antiquated street to a dusky tunnel-like entryway .
you could not got to the library anymore if its a problem or ignore the image that is offending you .
yet this is already done in libraries .
the faith that this struggle would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times .
s go to school and with computers the kids get a better chance to learn absent the world and society .
by the time your twenty-three you laugh with your friends because your friend is drunk and doing something stupid in the middle of the party .
all of these accommodations were made for the help of dirigibles docking on top of the empire state building .
something in us changed that we could be a little closer .
this shows that he was very thirsty from lack of water .
this was an extremely dangerous obstacle because the winds could cause the dirigibles to be constantly moving and shaking .
here is another reason why the computer is great for society .
they should have a choice of choosing the materials provided by the library which corresponds to their personalities .
we went inside the park .
the man with his crazy way of walking had made me laugh had proceeded to turn my entire day around .
but again the architects were presented with a problem .
winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of violent air currents .
they are easy to learn how to use and are in a variety of forms .
so please read this carefully and i hope what i have said has helped you realize why people sensor these things .
i never would have realized student teaching would have me doing so much teaching .
she can not talk phone because so what do you do you .
i even became friends with them .
so <caps> did you start to agree with why people should get active outside and have fun .
<person> was a only child living with her mother and <caps> .
its a great quality to be able to laugh and help people .
then i heard my mom laughing in the house .
i waited in line for <num> hours on the mantis .
<caps> workers should have considered possible obstacles before building something as big a project as a mooring mast .
you need the computer so you can print picture for your report .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
finally i got a hold of myself i looked up at everyone around me looking down at me .
i came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier .
there are not for entertainment and things of that nature .
computers allow new means of communication .
to me computers are positive .
i went downstairs with a couple blankets and tried to go to sleep when i saw the huge amount of stuff just sitting there .
when kids are on computers they are sitting their doing nothing .
you have to be over <num> years of age .
winds on top of the building were constantly shifting .
i think the future will be based everything on computers .
so computers are not a waste .
that <time> was one of the funnest nights there .
as simple as it is you do it or do not .
many obstacles faced the builders of empire state building .
it was hard not knowing what was going on with him .
i believe that people who spend all their time on the computer will eventually get overweight .
i can make a connection because i have both a <caps> and <caps> that i use to stay in contact with family friends from all over .
that is normal and there is nothing we can do to change about <caps> .
i also could feel a sense of unity the author was trying to portray .
computers really are the best electronic in the world .
you can even watch fights <caps> you want .
he or she is having a bast playing with someone in the family or themselves .
looking at a computer screen and reading is a lot different then reading a book .
finally my question was answered as a nurse said i could finally come back to a room and speak with my doctor about my sickness .
the help to thing happen but if done on real life could faster of they also help to electronically than a .
people were slipping and falling constantly .
we were waiting on the bus to come but i was very angry because it seemed like it took forever to come .
this means all media of any kind should be destroyed .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this essay .
we partied on till we realized we had a concert to attend .
one major problem was that they used hydrogen which is highly flammable and they were in a highly populated area .
i had noticed this special quality in <person> that made him extremely funny .
so anyways in her her club what the did was go on trips .
comedy helps daily life .
then the cyclist begins to be on his way again and finds same difficulty in the road .
so i continued through my days with a person to talk to in each class but no one to sit with at lunch .
change the radio station .
only certain people can agree on something offensive .
so me and my brother ate dinner then my whole family sat down to watch a movie .
that is why i think the author wrote that as the last paragraph .
some read just for the enjoyment and others read because it is assigned to them or they need to research some things .
the first gift that i got was the cell phone and i was really happy and i started to get all of my friends numbers .
in my case i am always laughing and always surrounded with people that never stop laughing .
the bright lights of the screen make your eyes unclear state say more people lose eyesight from looking of a computer than they would by staring at a light .
another obstacle was the buildings structure if the blimp had docked there would be stress on the building would add stress to the buildings frame .
i hope you take them into consideration .
this would cause him to become exhausted more quickly than he would on flat land .
one obstacle the builders of the empire state building faced was the violent air currents .
eventually i got my cake but i was sick of waiting for everything .
if you take out material you never know where it could go or lead someone .
their teacher noticed how very patient they were when they raised their hand instead of blabbing out the answer .
my first few classes were fabulous and i was about to go to lunch .
my father came to me and told me we are moving by car .
being influential is one of the main priorities of most reading materials .
so in reality some things should be kept and others taken away .
censorship is trying to shield us from the ugliness of this world .
much like one time we were at cedes .
all of the sudden i look over and <organization> is puking all over on the ground .
spring is also time for new beginnings because in the winter everything dies and comes back to life in spring .
it can help kids get their information about the person they are writing about in their report .
it can also help with relationships to make the other person laugh is always a good thing .
finally every library should have their own control over what they think is best for their own facility .
i think the advances in technology is a good thing .
an its like you never should have lost the trust with a friend .
that <caps> why i think computers benefits our society .
computers are a great thing to have .
the doctor recommended that my mother should start planning family activities and do some over the <date> break .
you tube in said to be a dangerous site for younger children .
certain music that is on the shelves at a library does have the right to be there .
most of them are very good effects that can lead you to become more self-confident .
it is hard to learn theme but even harder to master theme .
its definitely a good quality to have .
the cyclist ran into rough settings on the way to <organization> park .
and when people borrow your money that really sets you back .
so <caps> gets up and says to us .
i also think this will help the problem because it will also allow you to get better grades .
we always go for about a one to two hour hike .
schools should use computers because its the best way to get the information that you need to do something .
so let everyone read what they want when they want .
you can change anything you want with just a click on your mouse .
could not get close enough to tie up .
it should not be allowed in public where innocent children will be exposed to it .
family trip <caps> the <date> my family and i decided to have a trip to <location> .
after that he starts to ride through the desert when a huge snake gets in his way and scares him even more .
so many books have great detail in them to give us a vivid picture about what were reading .
they believe individuals might take offense to certain types of beliefs from the different variety of entertainment that they have in their library .
my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family knowing that they would do the same for us .
for example say you wanted to go the mall and bye a new pair of shoes .
then i will take the test again .
this are my three reason i think people should not stay on the computer all day .
parents could be outside .
i strolled into art class merely <num> seconds late on a particularly average day .
it is truly impossible to make every single person happy with everything in the world .
one card is just to check out regular books .
it was fun trying to get to class because i slid around everywhere .
if i was in a relation ship that was not happy i would not like it at all .
i know but you deserve it .
the books and movies are also split into genres into which each movie and book belongs in .
that is why i believe their should be censorship in every library .
i have give yous you the facts the rest is up to you .
one day me my mom and my brother were driving in our car .
he memories of her old country start to get to her when she sees the winter hibiscus .
everyone can choose their own opinions .
people have the choice to read books or not and different views and ideas are good to make things more interesting .
some things on the computer are very fun .
it lead him through more barren lands .
i urged to stay silent and patient and i managed to .
the lack of water also mad it difficult for him .
at first we tried to convince <organization> that <caps> dad was out side talking to <caps> uncle .
the reader feels this love when reading the line .
he had to spend more energy to go up the hills which caused him to loss a certain amount of energy .
books and movies are a way for many people to use their imagination and creativity .
now waiting <num> hours in line is being patient to get the tickets .
people should stop spending so much time on the computer and get outside or get active because computer use does have a negative effect .
my parents always wanted me to be more social and they said that one way to do that was to go out of my way to meet new people .
i believe that certain materials that seem offensive to certain people should stay on the shelves .
go read a book to find out .
people make their own decisions and that is their right .
laughing is actually health and is a form of excursive .
that can usually take up a lot of peoples time .
what should we do people ask <person> and she says well take away the <caps> .
movie we were stopped <caps> i train one train .
the features of the setting extremely affect the adjust in the ride to the meet town .
those people that are offended need to put whatever <caps> is down and move on .
now that laughter is here almost all the time i cant wait until the day that sorrow goes out the window .
they high tailed it on the log and rolled the quad right over .
the third reason is for help .
this <month> actually improve some people social if they are shy .
he starts out confident enough and then reaches the first town the gentleman described .
students can connect to old friends from other places and even other countries .
i make myself laugh more than anyone or anything .
<person> struggled with the concept of being bisexual throughout his life .
all around the libraries are doing a good job with how they handle it .
there also was a law enforcement against airships flying too lower over urban areas .
we went on so many rides but the bad thing was the lines .
you to watch popular with today .
that is the end of my story .
i pick the movie i wanted to see .
it was shaped like a snake .
when she is on she ignores everything around her .
it gave us the directions and the estimated amount of time it would take to get there .
but they were really small so we let them go .
which than you would need glasses .
<caps> first reason is that computers help people educate others .
computers help prevent this in several way .
that is a <time> i will never forget .
i got stuck cleaning the mess for over three hours .
the <caps> is full of diversity and viewpoints that are bursting with interesting concepts .
like the basic theory of .
i this setting he used up his water and it was hot .
there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen .
if you had no computers there would be no point in buying a lot of electronic devices because a lot you need the computer for .
a smile spread across her face .
this made me have to find a new book for the project .
it was such a funny sight so we all started laughing .
maybe like waiting for a doctor appointment or waiting for your teacher to stop instructing so you could finish your home work .
the obstacles that were faced would put peoples safety at risk .
the word patience means a lot of things .
no book should be taken off a shelf for its content .
there were many reasons why they faced conflicts in attempting to let the dirigibles dock in the mooring mast .
taking all that in at once was hard .
the computers are children from a better education .
computers can be used for all sorts of things .
libraries are for all kinds of people .
in paragraph <num> she states it was here were i learned the real definition of family .
the excerpt explains how dirigibles from outside of u .
we always thought of the ponds water as one of the most disgusting things on earth .
she loved spending time with her mom .
they are having a positive effect on people .
my mom would probably be a little upset .
a family member of mine is a photographer and he looks at nude magazines and movies to help him with his career .
finally we arrived and the first thing we did was unload the <caps> and set everything up so we could get comfortable .
thats my dog and you leave him alone and do not touch him .
i was patient with the whole trip because the trip was about a <num> hours long .
he said i have an appointment for my son .
this was a time when i had patience
our family was about a quarter of the way there when he gets into a major traffic jam .
the builders simply could not use the dock unless the law changed .
we laughed at each other until two in the <time> .
in a survey taken in a local magazine <caps> should that <percent> of people are on computer and .
which got <caps> the wrestler of the year awarded by my <caps> coach <person> .
he creates a setting that many people can relate to because of the general feel of family and heritage .
and whether you realize it or not laughter helps you to .
i was missing out on a lot of things .
by staying active and being outdoors with your friends could save you from these dangers .
setting standards on computers can improve this problems and help exercising .
i could tell that nothing could make his day any happier .
in the essay rough road ahead the setting is able to affect the cyclists emotions and moods in both positive and negative ways .
lets start off with a book that has killing in it .
it is better to go outside you got fresh air its nice and cold .
in conclusion these were some out of the many obstacles a dirigible had to face .
it is the removal of choice from <caps> lives .
the last reason that the dirigibles were not safe was the existing law in the u .
my little sister was supposed to be born on <date> twenty second .
because that is setting a bad example for them so they might think they can say and do the things thats the book does .
then we find another chair and stare at them at a different angle .
a lot people can talk for hours on the computer and that is what takes up their time instead of going outside .
<caps> mom says that i should hang out with <caps> family and friends more often .
through reading the magazines and watching movies it could help you .
if the movie you watch is more towards the <caps> section then it will have more offensive language and violent scenes .
yeah there <month> be a down fall to keeping offensive things in libraries .
some of the most interesting books that i have ever picked up have been controversial .
yet there were many obstacles that eventually put an end to the idea of a mooring mast .
these obstacles were but some of the many faced by the building team of the empire state building .
<caps> next point shows that people are not enjoying nature .
i think as long as your reading whats it matter what it is or as long as your learning something .
computers let us look up valuable info .
<caps> allows someone to talk to another person using the computer .
even if they were able to get around all these obstacles there is a law against airships flying to low over the city .
helping the user get the most satisfaction .
but i mostly think about me .
we finally left <organization> and we got to eat our food .
he was grounded for two months .
some people are overweight because they eat and then do not exercise after .
i would say laughter is something that comes from the heart .
the dirigible would have to be cabled at the top which was also difficult because of the empire states flat roof .
everyone including me started laugh because i fell in the mud and got all dirty .
i simply want the people of this community to stop and consider what is easily available for our children to obtain .
studies show that ninety percent of <caps> that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none .
before every game our coach would motivate us by giving us a speech to get us pumped up with profanity in it .
some people do not like the fact that there are books on the shelf that they consider offensive .
my first reason why i think that censorship is not right is that all contents of a library should be open to the community .
around <num> to <num> million <caps> have this device to use .
without laughter things would be harder and more complicated .
the architects had to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the building to accomplish the new situation they are doing .
spending too much time on the computer can really affect your life .
also it was unsafe due to the hydrogen in the dirigibles .
when we are family laughs together i think that is the time when we actually communicate
music i think is different .
i cant even remember which one of us was laughing the hardest .
so remember to much of good thing is bad and ill just leave you with .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
the architects then had to find a way to add a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building without adding stress to the buildings frame .
my strong hatred for the world was begin to handicap me in various if not most important aspect .
but heres where a nether problem kicked in to please .
this would make it illegal for the ships to ever tie up or even approached the building .
the thought of there being censorship in libraries is quite ridiculous .
a time when i was patient was yesterday when i finished the <caps> before a lot of people and was drawing for the next <num> minutes .
libraries should not be censored .
should a few bad words keep a book from being a prize winner .
or some thing that fun or i think or beneficial to me .
i can even see how my cousin in <location> is doing .
i think that if it is something that offends you then you should just keep going .
i told them to get cleaning but they decided not to listen so i got mom and they sure listened to her .
these skills can also help us do more things at once .
music blocks out the words that need to be .
on our way back to my house from <organization> we watched the people drive by and laughed at all the people singing in their cars while stopped at the light .
there are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer .
it says in the excerpt that these was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
out of gas and you need to go to the library before it closes .
he was so happy that he wanted to kiss the owners of the camp .
the first day she took the test it was very hard to have patients .
i hope that this opens up many peoples eyes .
i hope it all makes sense about how i feel and how i think about things .
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their own culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today
that is why i think computers have a positive effect on people .
and that was a story with <num> examples of me having to be patient .
being a bore can make you seem like your not an interesting person or not really all that fun .
teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word .
then he needs more water and finds a water pump but cant use the water because it was some where in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees .
i was patient when i was at the <caps> .
i started to get mad .
i believe people should not spend <caps> much time on their computers because it can hurt their eyes .
the girls i fight with are usually the ones who have no personality and are very negative and are just mad people .
the issue is people was to much time on computer .
i think the memoir has a happy and grateful mood .
we need to code books for different ages .
no not like <caps> or popcorn but something else gross .
<person> noticed that <person> loved to laugh a lot .
she got shot by her husband .
looking for a great house <caps> stay in that town was not hard <caps> come by .
also books are usually funnier to read .
he even made the story teach you a lesson about hard work and the importance of family and giving to others .
i could just laugh to death .
he should have just left her alone .
<person> picked <caps> to be my partner .
the whole day i was waiting for it to be <num> so i could go to her house .
especially now that <organization> has moved away .
a computer saves the report and shows you some mistakes to take case of your children .
there were many features in the setting of this bike race that affected the cyclist .
authors sometimes conclude a story with a certain paragraph describing an action that will take place in the future .
for you to do that would be defeating the purpose of being an <caps> for the author of that material .
your loved ones they are always there for you when you need them .
we introduced ourselves and he told me his name was <person> .
he should know how to never trust any strangers and try things on his own .
this <caps> hurts them in the long run .
my mom handed me my plate and and i reached for the bottle of <caps> .
<caps> took up the entire sand box .
this is show when the author said when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding .
as we finished eating a mother came along with her baby boy .
we went back inside and slowly went into slumber after drinking a little too much hot chocolate and apple juice .
i just wish that there was a world <caps> could just run away to with out anyone knowing where its at in the world .
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood towards the journey .
computers are wonderful .
then it took the doctor <num> minutes for my turn to be done and over with .
i think they just need to suck <caps> up and move on .
so in conclusion to my statements .
another subject is the movies that are coming out in <date> world .
overall the main mood of this memoir is loving .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
this ensures that kids can not check out bad or offensive materials without parental consent .
first reason is they give the ability to learn about people and places in the world .
he checks it out and goes home to watch the movie .
the contents of the books in libraries vary in many way .
addition and subtracts .
at that time i really began to feel like <caps> were my family .
this means that weather could make traveling dirigibles very dangerous .
identifying people with finger prints fast so no one can get hurt .
it was this simple house that my parents celebrate my first birthday .
yes but <caps> will probably want this one to be a surprise .
the laughter of your <caps> should carry on through the rest of your life .
no one knew that this was going to happen .
a good form of education is the exposure to different types of material .
a recent poll was taken and over <percent> of people who use their computers for more than <num> hours a day have gotten glasses .
this time <caps> was because we just had noticed that the people we were with had left us .
especially in the <date> you should be outside enjoying nature go for a swim or bring your annoying little siblings to the park .
so i have to be very patient the other three hundred and fifty one days .
another obstacle the builders faced was the violent air currents .
some scientists think people are spending too much time on the computer .
with out family life would be much harder to deal with .
when the hibiscus is budding it is trying to start life again .
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
the thing that most affected him was the lack of water .
it will be a new start for me and my life wont be the same anymore .
the wind pressure and stress would have been too much for the buildings foundation .
all of these were obstacles in the way of architects building a mooring mast on top of the empire state building .
life comes with problems and we have to learn to deal with them .
talking to people from around the world can be interesting .
if your not patient you probably want get to do what you wanted to do .
the benefit of laughter in my life was being able to create a strong bond with now my best friends .
she is finally settling into her new life and says that many of the things she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now .
but it does no use because we never do .
we both started laughing and i was so glad she helped me out or i would have been late to class on my <caps> day .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
also i believe that this symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it gives her strength from her old country .
i also said worth living because they had food on their table everyday .
another obstacle builders faced was that an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas witch would put civilians on the street at risk .
they never figured out how and the idea just disappeared .
making stores and stands take the music and newspapers off would be a disappointment to see such a wonderful thing go down the hole because it hurt others .
the memoir is happy because it shows that he has a lot of good relations with many people that he calls family .
the computer has anything for anyone .
i walked out and wondered to the auditorium and took my seat in the second row of seats .
during the time of the <date> many obstacles came into play to the architects building a dirigible dock for them to land on top of the empire state building .
we argued for about five minutes and finally the magazine was off the shelves .
laughter helps through every day life .
they could fall off the loading dock whether they were going on or off the blimp .
that the mood of the author in the memoir .
we asked our coach if it was almost time to start .
let us allow our words to flow freely .
the main ingredient to that <caps> was the toilet paper .
this is due to the fact that it is a public library and there should be many many different kinds of books .
so it had turned out that <person> slipped and smacked <person> who is only seven years old .
soon they told <person> that <caps> would be having a little brother or sister <person> was very happy .
as i was doing <caps> <caps> shot me in the butt .
when ever has a few bad things being said ever effected how or what people read <caps> a days .
<person> told us we would be doing the mirror exercise .
<person> hates every thing about doing his homework .
just too sit in the house and go to websites .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
well then think about it on computer is your only option left .
i believe that this is definitely true because i remember that the same happened to my sister .
the mood of this memoir is happy and grateful .
sometime in the <date> time we all get together and we will have a ice cream party .
as you can see computers are only going to get better .
well i know i <caps> .
also it does not matter at all if i had to pay a late fee for the books that i checked out from the library .
<caps> creating a link all around the world people can find out information about one another and learn what they are all about .
the setting also affected him by draining his confidence and making him seek out water .
many people believe people are spending way too much time on the computer .
most people who do i personally think are immature .
cyclist know that there is no water in this place which is another feature of the setting which affects the cyclist .
those features at the setting affected the cyclist a lot on his trip .
the mood that the author in the memoir has created is a soft happy and <caps> mood .
they help function machines .
the builders realized this was not smart .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building or even approach the area .
my biggest reason is the learning capabilities these articles offer .
to remove the work of an author in a library is to damage his ability to spread his thoughts .
the first reason why computers are bad because <caps> <caps> cause addition to your child .
he would say something like it is so nice outside .
that was my experience of a time i had to patient .
i said with tears starting to come out .
i remember when i went to <location> to visit my step-grandmother for <caps> and went fishing .
people will get to addicted and be lazy .
learning could also be a big faster in getting people out of their computer chairs .
the effects of what <month> come are far worst than making it so an adult must reach a little high for the book they want to read .
some parents have no idea what their child might be watching behind closed doors .
laughter at its <caps> laughter is one ability that everyone in the world has .
you would be putting someone out their job .
this is something we hear everyday .
people should have the right to read what they want to .
you are begging to become overweight .
we all got in the pool even the parents .
the last paragraph states that when they come back .
but people would kill for these games .
king and that was the day i had to be patient .
its like taking candy away from a innocent baby because it will rot its teeth out .
everyone except me .
i think some magazines are okay to read but some just talk about actors .
outside there is great things to do like go to the park or play sports .
being patient is the best thing ever .
the obstacles that were faced in constructed this dock came to the outcome of dirigibles being given away to airplanes .
before we did anything at <caps> i first found a restroom and we were later all in agreement that we should get something to eat .
oxygen is key to life .
they would just cause problems and disturb the ones that do enjoy reading those types of books .
if a dirigible was to hit it it would pop the dirigible and kill many people below .
another issue the builders faced was the fact that dirigibles were highly flammable .
although that may had been one of their problems that was not the only problem it was the safety .
if someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law .
patience is a very hard thing to capture .
everyone should have a computer in there home today .
people build their character through their reactions of how people treat them .
and get dust stick .
i can easily just sit up in my room and be on the computer all the time .
i hope that my kid whats to be something that he likes to do when he grows up .
we giggle at everything .
that candy could have been the guest favorite .
the weather condition of their exaction and the big snake he saw .
as an avid reader of all kinds of literature i cant stand censorship .
the features of the setting have a huge effect on the cyclist .
we both ordered coffee and i began to rip open sugar packets vigorously and dump them into my steaming cup of coffee .
it should be placed on a different section of the library .
thats how i was patient that day to get a great and fun thing done .
now its possible to learn about life in <location> first hand .
one obstacle would be the building of the mooring mast to be added to the top of the building .
there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my <location> baby sister .
when they come back i will take that test again .
one obstacles the builders faced attempting to create a dock for dirigibles was preventing stress to the buildings frame .
so we tried the hit the thing died center .
<caps> mom calls from upstairs .
on computers you can also communicate with people that are very far away .
i think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends .
hanging out with your family can be thing you can do .
if you are in a line need to be patient .
one of them is <caps> .
you will get used to talking to people and when you get comfortable you will talk to them in real life .
in paragraph <num> <person> says my parents both had to accept that they might not be able to find the jobs the deserved .
as i was laughing i told her that anytime she needed to laugh i was the person she needed to be call .
computers are an outrage .
this means that the heat is a treat to him and would cause him to become dehydrated and have heatstroke .
the parents would like them to have educational books that will help the kids learn new words and school related stuff .
they get on an they stay on forever .
each experience is in response to the setting in which it takes place .
children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images that they are exposed to .
we all get a laugh out of <caps> kind of stuff .
the final obstacle faced by the empire state buildings mooring system was that many blimps from overseas used hydrogen instead of helium to fly .
not only that but computers are needing less and less electricity .
<caps> you can do something <caps> the time passes by faster .
i hope you agree with me when i say computers are bad .
my brother and i were laughing so hard we teared up .
getting with family and celebrating was the theme of their home .
what would happen you could be at a hospital for a ride home for an hour longer than it should have taken .
we talked about some random stuff too like <caps> videos and good movies we had seen recently .
when the season rolled around to regionals i knew that i had a shot to go to state .
when building the dock for dirigibles .
society computers to get information .
the lightning split the top of the giant oak clean in two .
a lot of us just laugh about calls that are made and just shake them off .
it makes it difficult for him to bike .
my mom was so patient with her .
about ninety percent of the workers use the computer to do their jobs .
sometimes patience is good and bad .
when we got on the gravel road my dad started making the car slide back and fourth scarring <caps> .
there have been many memories made between <person> and i that we remember because of the laughter we shared .
books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing .
i could almost feel the sweat and heat that the cyclist was feeling .
keep in mind that we were waiting behind all this .
i think thats pretty positive .
it is within our obligations as human beings to have dreams and want to convert them into reality .
in the <caps> the <caps> people are given many rights that are often taken for granted .
it wont happen to everyone but they need to know these things .
i had fun seeing my uncle and aunt .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
as you can see <caps> jobs use the computer .
our ability to laugh with each other has helped us through difficult times in our lives .
those <caps> my favorite .
and some of us cant put it down once we read the first sentence .
i believe that there should be a little censorship in libraries .
a reason why the author created does moods because a home is were a family lives together and were they hold memories together which shows loving .
the efficiency of a computer is also recognized when trying to accomplish seemingly simple tasks .
the back of the dirigibles could also be swung back and forth when docked which also served as a issue when it came to docking .
it takes a long time to cook cookies .
computers are the greatest tool mankind has .
computers are positive for many reasons .
there are a lot of television shows and movies in the world that are much more graphic that books and magazines .
there are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world .
these are the reasons why the idea of a dock for dirigibles could never work out .
i just so happen to agree .
i blame myself for picking <caps> up in the first place .
fireworks are for sale and were creating bombs out of them .
there should be a level of intensity in which the item is offensive .
computers can expand on many peoples opportunities for education .
right now he is six months old and i love when i see him .
the last <caps> i spent with my grandpa i bought lots of presents for him and my family .
<caps> times like these that make you realize how amazing <caps> is .
a time that i was patient was when i was in <num> grade .
this hibiscus is budding .
everyone who goes to a library should have everything to there needs .
the heat and the hills and the lack of water had the greatest affect on the cyclist .
used hydrogen instead of helium .
he pedals great distances trying to find towns nearby .
i simply detested that class .
the have of animals there was no- one in sight .
he is dehydrated and exhausted due to the conditions of the environment he was in .
his gaming has gotten in the way of his family and social life .
she was very nice and thoughtful .
it was silent until something popped up in my brain .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
he <caps> <person> if she accepted to be his girlfriend .
not getting enough fresh-air can cause a cold or for some people with problems to get very sick .
the temperature was very high and the cyclist did not have much water left .
hardly anyone will read them anyway .
furthermore hes in the middle of nowhere .
i think those people are wrong because a computer cant force you to spend more time on it .
they try to do the same things as what there favorite artist or actor does .
the roof had to be completed before the masts framing could take place .
i was determine to wait <caps> see if my hero would ever reply .
i was also a little bit scared .
first the mood conveyed was a mood of happiness .
one time when i was patient was when we were flying to <location> .
the <caps> is not always a safe place to be on .
the mood created by the author was a very grateful and happy mood in his memoir .
it makes me happy when i laugh and brightens my day when i am anger .
this made the cyclist tired and weary .
for this cyclist one of the biggest problems is the heat .
i explained to my teacher what had happened in a rush of tears and details .
dear newspaper i think that computers were one <organization> the best things ever created .
now i will move on to give more details on my first reason .
so i urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing sickness known as health problems due to technology .
i time that laughing came in handy was in <caps> school .
we would make fun of them and laugh and mimic what the characters did .
this is one of the many perks of owning a computer .
these are just some of the many hardships the workers had to face .
this also sets the mood of the story because they are talking about a loving relationship the mood that the author set during the story was love .
one mood is <caps> .
<caps> there was an existing law against flying airships to low over urban areas .
everyone seemed so much happier then they had been the last few days .
after rubbing a major bump on my head i turn around to see <person> laughing hysterically .
your computer cant get you through the emotional pain if losing a loved one .
patients for me is hard but this is a time that i was patient .
one time i had to be really patient when my grandma said there was something in the mail for me .
it actually turned out pretty good after all .
people from children whose parents would be appalled by what their kids are reading about to adults find books offensive .
the second reason is because the wind spun the blimp around the mast .
finally there was a law that prevented any airships to fly too low .
yes computers have ways to keep in touch with friends but it is better to <caps> or visit in person .
<person> asked as she sat on my bed .
so the computer has also allowed us to what without them having to be there .
what he was saying was he was grateful to his parents for what they did for him so that makes me feel thankful for my parents .
others might think of it as being rebellious or conspiracy .
there are many different views on many different subjects and everyone should have the opportunity to be educated on others points of views .
kid or if your an adult .
the speaker also shows happiness .
i believe <caps> are exceptional writers and promising producers and artists .
my mom danced me off at <num> .
by using censorship you are sheltering the world .
in the stories these settings have a great effect on the cyclist .
two minds are better than one .
the number of deaths would increase due to the pedestrians below .
one time that l was patient was when we went to <location> <caps> .
everyone has their own personality with likes and dislikes .
its a great way for us to communicate with our busy schedules when we cant always get together .
i was already packed up but mom and dad were standing .
i get outside and run so that i will not fall victim to weight .
she looks her new country with a different eyes .
along with using their advice he faces abandoned ghost towns that they said were thriving spots .
the captain feared he could fly into one of the spires of a tall building and the dirigible could be punctured .
<caps> are <num> concluding examples of obstacles faced in allowing dirigibles to <caps> near empire state building .
i said things that were unnecessary and horrible .
the most important use for computers is learning .
typing without looking at the keyboard is hand-eye coordination .
the area around the building was too densely populated .
i also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say .
babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking .
i want to learn knowledge about myself and where i come from .
<caps> these last <num> people and then we will go <caps> .
so the idea of her eyes hurting from laughing really hard is just uncontrollably funny .
in building the dirigible docks on the empire state building builders faced an onslaught of problems that should have been easy to pick up on .
when i first meet her was in math class where she had an assigned seat next to me .
but one moment sticks out above the others .
ill admit those words really dried my tears up .
it helps complete a number of tasks .
i was patiently waiting when i had to get something to eat .
different laughs represent various things .
the architects and builders had to tour equipment and mooring operations at the u .
people want to just change everything and make sure things are perfect and nothing bad is in the world .
experts say that <percent> more people with hand-eye coordination have improved by working with computer .
then no one should .
my team had never lost a game but we had a few very close games .
to think that <caps> confidence came from just one comforting laugh seemed almost improbable .
then she went <caps> the phone and called her dad .
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting had a great affect on the hard-working cyclist .
you become more if you go more it gives you a chance to hang out with some neighborhood kids .
<caps> statement is as true as any statement could be .
magazines are often picked up when going into the check out line in a grocery store .
thats when we made our appearance in the office and there she was the chunky old lady that new me by heart .
it is not right for the kids to see any offensive or uncensored material .
that dream was to travel by blimp .
once i had to go to the hospital to get an echo on my heart .
its not best to ruin the stories for adults and young adults who like to read about the censorship inside of stories .
its the most pathetic thing i have ever seen .
its what makes friendship and relationship click .
<caps> he said that <person> started running around acting like a pig .
a time when <caps> dad was patient .
the winds would make a airship <caps> around like crazy .
everyday everyone smiles or laughs .
i told her everything is going to be alright .
winds at such high elevations were often unpredictable and would be extremely dangerous to have a tethered dirigible to swivel around and around the mast .
i think that if maybe it is a inappropriate book from someone in grade school to read then it should be in the high school or a public library .
he will never take after for granted or advice from old men ever again .
and we can be able to post games and have a chance to see the players talk to their fans .
i am going to talk about the time i skipped school to go fishing with my dad and my uncle <person> .
then our teachers read us books to teach us things or to keep us preoccupied .
the author concludes her story with this statement for many reasons .
self esteem and greedy .
censoring would only hurt our youth and the greatness that they can accomplish .
being able to bond with the part of my family i never knew was very important to me and i was afraid that language would prevent that .
these taught the main character how to love and how to care about someone .
it is the same with the health and functions at our bodies .
movies bring out imagination and stories where people can watch and follow along .
this will drastically change how we learn about news .
no individual is ever forced to be exposed to anything in todays media .
also you can get information on places you will visit .
parents have the responsibility to monitor their children .
we should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
and weight problems are not the only thing computer to worry about .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not more at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
what <month> be offensive to one person might not be to another .
and if they did it it would become illegal to the ship that pass tie up to the building or even approach the area .
<person> turned to me and yelled it worked his mom asked what worked .
if you want to listen to a song download it in seconds and listen to your .
after an hour or so she calmed down and she calmly played with her toys and such .
for example the rough road .
no one could express love the way we do now .
in my opinion many people are just following a trend .
also the heat contributed plenty and it was there the whole time .
it can show so many different different things .
but if your computer it gives lots of you can find information .
the computer can teach us many new and exciting things .
most of these had to do with the framework of the building and safety .
these are all changes the author uses to connect to the theme .
everybody could use a laugh every once and a while .
sometimes the best thing to <caps> is get some fresh air and interact with others .
the features of the setting very much affect the cyclist .
that is why i go against taking books out that are not favored by others .
i think maybe that is one reason i am not religious .
we all pulled him to the beach where he could safely put his feet on dry land .
the author shows the love that goes on throughout his home .
when you sprang your ankle it hurts a lot .
so i have to leave .
as we plays outside .
i think instead of trying to deny teenagers the music the parents should explain why and let them make the decision .
a curious child goes into the library for the first time to find a story to read .
the most admirable quality of my fathers side of the family is the innate sense of humor that everyone shares .
while in present day less than <percent> of all children get at least one hour of time outside .
or the many things i learned there .
the empire state building never succeeded its purpose .
this made it hard for the dirigible to dock to the mast safely .
i know that i am always finding the computer useful .
you could learn how to do things or learn more information about a certain item .
<person> and the reader feel the emotion because of <organization> writing .
when i went in <caps> all the kids ran up <caps> me with a smile on their face .
you can check information about something <caps> you ever forget .
you cant focus on the people around you .
he had to stick pebbles in his mouth because he heard that they take away your dehydration .
like i am not in patience because i want to go a store now but they said wait your patience .
ahead our power lines they fixed it and we got our power back .
i looked at <location> and she looked at me and we started busting up laughing .
as i said before people should spend less time on computer .
the snow melting represents her sorrows going away as the sun shows how she will succeed and grow like the hibiscus plant she had bought .
by doing this you will burn calories and get to learn the same stuff you would have on the computer .
they are not telling you what to believe and what not to believe .
computers can be very helpful to many people .
just taking the time to laugh at something or yourself is something that every person should do .
so finally we went in i was so happy .
my sister was so happy .
we very rare toke break for peeing or eating .
interacting with friends and family is always a .
one of the features was the lack of water .
phone companies would be in money and regular families would be living on the streets .
we got each other cards that had sexual humor to gross humor .
the computers we own train <caps> as we use them to have reflexes and hand-eye coordination equal to the best of the military .
i think that my coach is patient because there are <num> girls she is watching .
this cyclist is low on water in the desert and in the desert with no water that could be a very bad thing .
in libraries they have tons of materials that have language and images that are offensive .
it really is a pressing matter and needs to be deal with .
i used the computer just <time> i typed up all of my homework except for my math .
once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report .
my friends will forget about interacting with any and everyone just to spend time on the computer all day .
i tried to take her words in my heart and i wanted to believe that it was true .
another obstacle that was in the way was mother nature herself .
its also good for the kids too .
another obstacle is the winds .
i was ignoring <person> calls <caps> texts .
that is how it should go .
education is also a useful thing you can use with computers .
this includes the <location> earthquake .
computers help people with anything they need .
the ship would swivel around the moorings mast .
so my guitar lessons teacher allowed me to spend fifth period in that class .
the cyclist rode through deserts and deserted towns .
the student might get frustrated and would not know what to do and would have to get most to all of their research off the <caps> .
the mooring mast was composed mostly of steel .
they say that the cons outweigh the pros .
i thinks that the author concludes the story with the given paragraph to show that she is similar to the hibiscus and geese .
this is shown in <caps> <num> .
and the growing realization that i would die of heatstroke .
once the automatic doors to the library opened she darted straight to the movie section .
everyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful .
her mother was very understanding and accepted it .
it also helps in sports .
this warm <caps> is quick to mix with about anything and sticks to things all the same .
on another day we came out i saw another dies but to my left this time .
but so many people take their laptops to the local park to sit under a tree on warm days and go on the computer there .
laughter has played a huge role in my life and has created some of the best memories .
not all adults would understand both sides but i can see where both sides are coming from .
it is located at the other end of the library .
if they take offense to it then they have the right to ignore it .
my parents tried to shield me from the bad news and creeps in society .
the issue that is going around is <caps> computers have good effects on people or bad ones .
studies show that playing a high action game <num> hrs a day will improve eyesight more than eating <num> serving carrots a day .
unfortunately due to my slow reaction times i could not also roll up my driver window as the soap came back around and enveloped me in white foam .
basically in my eyes it was all the boring stuff .
my favorite friend .
after a hour or so the operation was over .
think off all the calories that build up without exercise .
and families are concerned about that a lot of people use this can of stuff .
this would add stress to the buildings frame .
<person> and i started talking about how that joke was only funny because it was so dang stupid .
so i get back in the driver seat and we are all yelling get in the car but she laughing really hard saying i wet my pants .
<caps> get on another ride then .
the builders faced many obstacles by attempting to allow blimps to dock at the empire state building .
its because of the computer .
laughter is bilingual .
you can learn about all this and more if read on .
how are we going to encourage people to use computers when their at the risk of getting their <caps> stolen .
the mood he made was loving and very alive .
every book should be on a book shelf in a public library .
if books would have to be remove from the library then everybody would start taking all the books out .
this was the first time we ever even used the boat so it was exciting .
because i have a choice if i want to watch it or not .
they can teach people many things .
it must have been <date> in <date> when <caps> was home <organization> we were building onto our house when the twins came over .
the citizens of <location> have the responsibility of exposing the truth and teaching our children the differences between right and wrong .
the reason for this is because the top of the roof is held together by just one cable tether .
they still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies .
the libraries are public for a reason .
i also think that when the children goes to the library they are going to ask there parent or someone .
but sometimes people think that their opinions are the only opinions that matter .
it is another memory that my sister and i share and can reminisce about .
we played songs and had tests to everyone we were playing right .
incredible numbers of emails are sent everyday .
for example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places .
i stepped foot out side and entered my apartment and went straight to my bleakly colored room .
you can study different foods and cultures around the world .
although on my computer i can actually see her on my screen .
also might not be useful .
about a year ago my mom and i went on a trip down to <location> to visit her family .
for some it <month> be pictures .
<caps> what you look and keep the little kid with you in the house .
to give their children a better life and generosity and selflessness are two lessons my parents did not just tell me .
one of the obstacles faced was that putting a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame .
its our free will to pick up books we want to read .
because she want us to be good and stay in class .
even though it is a really good book and a lot of <caps> read it .
the beauty of nature around him affected him by making him laugh .
now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up .
obesity is also a big issue .
do not read the book or magazine .
the builders of the empire state building faced <num> major obstacles .
the mood is positive and keeps the reader interested and involved .
once you gain all that weight it is very hard to get rid of it .
instead of censoring our youth of <date> from history we need to set age limits .
this would be another obstacle the workers encountered .
as well as the love and sacrifice of his parents that was given to give him a better life .
teens become in their society lives and become to their computers .
the author was <caps> likely describing his happy <caps> .
this is helpful students could and the world or about a different this remind me of the time i had to <caps> a project about the nine planets .
we all are given the right to our opinion on such pieces .
some people should just know better and take it <caps> .
the features of the setting affect how the cyclist feels and thinks .
the child <month> learn something new from the book .
badly he said yes <caps> ran home .
sometimes when she came over she would bring all her make up and things so that we could dress each other up .
the bikers feelings and attitude changed as often as the setting did .
the cyclist got to the second town on his journey and he had been drinking his water all day and was about out .
this is a question that both sides can argue with creditable facts .
his mood is warm and compassionate as he talks about how much each one of his community was important to him .
through the passage you can tell that the temperature and weather around the cycler can change how and why how he does .
he tried to be patient but it was hard .
like in paragraph <num> he talks about how all of the different cultures come together and have great friendships with each other .
the setting was calm and peaceful as he started out riding his bike .
how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area .
computers have a positive effect on people because they are very helpful .
they had to use a steel frame in order for things to work out .
some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it .
as a result the mood of <person> is one of passion and gratitude that is shown through the authors choice of words and statements .
i love the thrill you get from a horror movie and how they can make you jump even though its just a movie screen .
to block any part of this experience <caps> to block our full potential .
the sled had abandoned me .
about every two years a kid or parent could go throw a computer .
i support it because people can talk to their family that they cant get to see .
when i was <num> yrs old my mom started making my <date> present .
to <caps> a <caps> is an amazing book and every kid should read it so they can learn .
it makes sense that we need all sorts of books to learn from .
you can find your favorite song for your cellphone .
<caps> saying that <caps> very happy that his parents did that for him .
i learned in class that in the job were much more difficult than they are today because of technology .
i understand that some people might find some things that are on the shelfs today offensive .
thats what is going to be in this world till the world ends .
i turned the rusty knob of the door to the gym where my class was supposed to be .
in the story it say when he was riding that he barely noticed that the sun was starting to beat down .
only if they are doing what the parent says .
in order for this to happen the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be strengthened and modified .
along with having to bike up the hills he almost ran into a snake .
we could look up who was the <caps> of <location> in the would get multiple sites on the <caps> .
the setting affected the cyclist a lot in this essay .
laughter is a major thing to have in your life .
it seemed like every week one of my friends would get their permit and just pass me up .
these are also the reasons why the architects of the empire state building came to the conclusion that such a structure would not be practical to construct .
make the smart choice .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
then on the way back we took another <num> <num> minutes on both trips it was boring .
the way they make all cheerleaders out to be is horrible .
there is no reason why people should not be able to access material that is not against the law .
this passage shows obstacles he had to go through in which he did and made it with a little confidence .
no more than ten minutes later we pulled into the parking building for the <person> .
my first argument is that most people use there computer to get information for a project they have to do for class .
in the memoir the reader expresses the love and gratitude towards his parents .
everyone goes on the computer .
this is one of our basic needs as an individual .
everything seemed normal enough until i saw it .
everyone loves entertainment but to put a limit on it is unfair .
in other words when spring has come she will be ready for the test .
i tried to forget about it until i went .
i also think that they might not do it anyways because they know the people love there jobs to not to .
shows that the heat might be starting to effect him .
the kids were so excited .
<caps> was extremely controlling .
how many people do you know .
now that you know that lets move on to the last reason .
typing takes to get good at but is very helpful .
helps you understand what the reader is feeling upon someone or thing .
all of our free time was spent with one another .
their arms hurt and so did their fingers .
this tells us that even if they did build the mast it would be illegal for the dirigibles to land there .
thats one reason why computers have a negative impact on the society .
censoring material hurts everyones yearn for a open mind or a better understanding of something .
laughter is one of the main keys in our friendship .
so i hurried up and got on then ride .
as we started to walk to the line it said that it would be a <num> minute <caps> for us to go .
this would not be possible without computers .
the mood is also grateful .
there were a few features in the setting that affected the cyclist .
the safety of docking blimps on the empire state building also became issue .
the capability to laugh is a huge importance in this world .
media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do .
the author looks back on everything his parents did for him many times .
authors work too hard for writing their book and go through the publishing process .
which is why some books might be pulled off shelves because if one person believes something it wont be hard to convince somebody else .
but instead is composed of those whom you love and who love you .
the positive mood of the memoir made it entertaining to read .
she lives up in the woods and has a bunch of quads and motorcycles .
so today i am going to go swimming then going to go on a hike then finally my friends can come over and the party we start .
these are all ways that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives .
some books can have violent language and actions in the book .
this quote also shows how the riding conditions were making the cyclist have a harder time keeping speed .
resulting in cancellation can affect those who relate to the source so its important to consider all options .
i hugged her and told her everything would be alright .
they also faced an issue with the law saying an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
so they read books .
i had no desire <caps> impress anybody .
one time in particular was very life changing for me .
they should go outside and play sports like basketball or soccer .
those are what i think are his moods and the reason for them .
there were many times when i was patience .
while still being patient .
the less i thought about it the faster time passed by .
thankfully <caps> father has been very patient .
finally the last reason why computers are bad is because they take away from your family life .
you have to have patience with your friends or they will not be your friends .
computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization .
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about .
a lot of people these days are using .
then some men came out and told me that they had to move my car i got so embarrassed and starting laughing again .
right when i was about bash my head on a brick wall my brother enters the room and says thats it .
this book has been meant to tell of what slaves would be punished by if they were caught .
if some one wants to read a book with curse words in it or anything like that then let them .
com and that will also help that on what .
so we where surprised .
and that was the time i needed to have patience to hear <caps> voice .
<person> and i would always walk down the hallways linking our arms together and one moment after another she would just push me into someone .
i would just get attitude .
i think there is also an issue with computers .
this is how the author looks at his memories .
i can agree with age limit but you cant hide everything .
there is a book out there that you will enjoy .
we where one of the first people there .
we all understand the benefits of laughter .
this affects the author because you have to conserve the water that you have to be able to make it to the park .
which means they were kind and selfless .
being honest and hardworking are two qualities to have .
being social is one of the most important parts of life .
the invention of docks for dirigibles on the empire state building was unrealistic and unsafe .
when i got to my grandma house .
shes focused on how her parents made a house a home .
my great grandparents on both of my sides of my family have died .
i was beginning to very well open up to him but was not getting the same in return .
when you can be getting exercise for example going to your local gym .
for example lets say that your doing a report on <caps> <caps> .
the narrator will keep trying when the geese fly back and the hibiscus is budding .
but surfing the web for countless hours is their choice .
my dad introduced me to his uncle who shared the same name as me .
the second obstacle that got in their way was the wind pressure .
which i adored to this day another mood setting advantage is his family .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when they tried to build a mast to allow dirigibles to dock there .
so what do you think .
why should your opinion speak for everyone else .
i was patient when i was going to cedar point .
plus email is great for work .
the last bad thing is that you never want to spend time wit your family .
my second reason why i think this is because when your having a <caps> party and you need invitations the computer can help you .
i had turned my phone up onto its highest volume and played a scary ring-tone and i scared him and maid him jump .
the obstacles the builders went threw was using hydrogen which is flammable .
the builders also faced the laws about flying that low over an urban area .
the library is meant to be a place that is filled with materials of all different genres and types .
below the mooring mast would be several other buildings were other people worked and lived .
computers actually help you with sports in a way .
it never really crossed our minds that we could have taken it or built something with it .
they had to find a way to ease the stress to the buildings foundation .
i kept saying over and over again in my head my number i was given .
so i hope you have been i know i would have and there is no doubt is my you will make the right choice .
hydrogen is highly flammable .
my parents turned this simple house into a home .
he learned the true meaning of family and about how to love .
one invention has made a large impact in the world and still ceases to amaze its the computer .
this is a reason i wish censorship was in our local libraries .
so for what seemed like days the doctor finally showed up .
the architects also had to think about the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
another reason is they stayed very close with their family .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
so i called my dad and he said it was <caps> if my uncle <person> said it was fine with him .
here are my points to consider .
whenever i needed someone to talk to she would be the one .
we were now off on our way to go to our camping site .
its used to bridge the gap between people and break the awkward barrier .
keeping a persons attention is critical .
i thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects <organization> computer usage throughout the <location> if you heard from a young teen .
he had to enhance these extreme .
when they pay the same taxes everyone does to have those books and movies on the libraries shelves .
the only workout your getting on the computer is your fingers .
i believe people should not be able to censor books .
computers can help you do all types of things .
i was walking around searching for a book about animals because all the seventh graders had to research an animal .
it has changed the content on our television from <num> years ago to modern day .
i love to sit on the floor and watch him wrestle with all of the other cats .
this section does not have any explicit language .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a happy and grateful mood .
every we go there is censorship .
i strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers .
where adults could play a game of baseball because they got their hand eye-coordination back .
later that day when we were tired and bored of being there <person> grandma came and picked us up .
the computer was the only things that mattered .
putting the canoe into the water i tossed each person a paddle and said row to the other bank .
this was neither practical or safe .
the sub came and stood there by us and we all got quit and then started laughing again .
so he waited for <num> minutes for the experiment to get done .
my mother teared up as <caps> .
it is a lot eager to the motivated when there is thing to look at to keep your mind of the attitude of the cyclist changed for the worst .
some mystery books have parts in them that <month> be offensive .
computers can down .
my opinion on this subject is its not right .
she has slowly gotten used to this new place and recognizes the seasons now as she thinks this last thought .
i often find myself remembering that laughter and happiness is really what life is all about .
there are stores that could provide you with that material for you to purchase .
like a phone or to get on the computer or something .
i can not explain how hard my family and i laughed together just from looking at one picture .
the computer helps me find information for my science project faster than going to the library and looking up information on a book .
i am not here to say that we should band any materials that are offensives because everything is offensive to somebody .
some of the books people need to know about .
children should be kept away from these books but they should not be completely removed from the shelves .
being patient is a hard task wright about .
i support this because computers can let you talk to people that are faraway from you .
they had to be sure that the passengers could get off and on safely .
he was getting very thirsty .
i never wanted to imagine life without you .
many books have posed a great educational source for many years .
another way is to have an adult monitor what the child gets from the library .
a bike tire take more effort to go over uneven pavement is why the cyclist had so much trouble .
it would make it illegal for a ship to tie up to the building or even approach the area .
many people do this and try to encourage their family and friends to do it with them .
if you do these things you can tell that you are patient .
when we cut down trees we are harming our environment .
him and i have so much in common .
you can pick from many different music videos and music .
if it can help a driver turn his wheel faster or hit his break i think that hand eye coordination could help that driver stay out of an accident .
its a fact that you instead other people on computers .
you can walk away if you notice something you find offensive or you stay away from that area of the library .
a final obstacle the builders faced was the advancement with airplanes and that made it difficult for dirigibles to be the prime source of aeronautical transportation .
<caps> lunged for it and started chewing when something stabbed him .
no registration to get a library card .
another reason my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials is because of what we see and watch .
the authors gratitude is to his parents for their cultural and selflessness for leaving their family and friends so their kids could have a better life .
dear local newspaper a lot more people uses computers daily but not everyone agrees that it benefits society .
this crushed me how was i suppose to reply to this .
it was around <percent> out and we had to stand there .
people just need to learn to get over the fact that many offensive things are found in many different reading materials .
each time it is our turn we have come up with a new way and new position of sending the ball down the lane .
a mishap would send those heavy weights flying down and causing destruction .
there were also safety problems .
i believe it has a big affect .
this is our future if we allow the censorship to continue .
but we both gained something by reading the book .
i know there are materials that are offensive to people .
they were all friends and had a good bond .
hydrogen is highly flammable which would be very dangerous to have over a densely populated area .
but books cannot shout their values .
thats the time i was patient .
in <caps> <caps> all the students in grade ten just got done reading <caps> of <caps> <caps> .
my mom still is not home from work .
chats rooms are cool to .
then just get a door that says <num> and older and put cameras up .
more than sixty thousand dollars was spent to accommodate the pressure .
computers can even score tests .
we can find what is healthy to eat right away you can also get one of those <caps> fits for a computer .
but with books you should be find with your own choice at the age of <num> .
reading things and them getting offensive is a totally different thing .
we should not get rid of the obscenity at all .
spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends .
the moral of the story is even though your mad something will always make you smile and make your day better .
these changes would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock atop it .
computers are one of the biggest advances we have in technology .
of course i sulked but looking back on it now i am appreciative of this time that helped me get to know myself better .
if they would have taken them off the shelf because they were not appropriate then i know plenty more novels that would be gone as well .
there are games with virtual worlds or games that are fun and have no meaning .
the main overall concern with allowing this is safety .
what <month> seem offensive to one person <month> not seem offensive to another .
censoring the libraries would not be a good idea and it would most likely upset many people .
in almost every form of art there is some remark to something negative .
<caps> you are looking for someone who you want to spend the rest of your life together you have to make sure you like them for whom they are .
what other people do to you or say about you can have a bad effect on them .
he and i believe that it is important to laugh together because it keeps you smiling and helps you grow closer to whoever you are with .
he feels that this is one of the reasons his childhood house was turned into a home .
reading is a way of learning .
i waited for her to be done .
or just for fun you can play mind game with other people .
and we all liked that name .
which makes it bad because of the heat makes it harder on the cyclist .
till we were finally at the top .
many people think that this material should be removed from libraries completely .
but that was all before the big fight .
the paragraph tells how <caps> was going to take a break and wait for the flower to being stronger till she toke the test again .
so i think their benefits our society .
it was happier because we know that he could have more life opportunities in <location> .
it would sometimes get scary when she talked to me about it and clearly had played it all night .
i believe that the author concludes the story with this paragraph .
this was going to be a long night .
one way was the heat .
because the author is showing that nature and the plant are valuable to her .
<caps> teacher sat down with me and explained what to do in steps .
all my reasons before .
this made the cyclist feel like his journey was hopeless .
i look at it and it looks like rubber .
we sprint across the field and victory is ours .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
but sometimes you have to be patient .
kids should be able to read what they want to read .
the idea was eventually forgotten about due to the possible accidents that could happen .
would add stress to the buildings frame .
however that evening i was learning some interesting but disturbing information about my friends home life .
i remember when <location> and i would throw little pieces of eraser at each other across the room nearly missing our teacher .
therefore kids will get into trouble for a stupid thing .
in conclusion social abilities are up with computers .
after reading this information and the descriptions .
making other people laugh gives me good feeling even <caps> it is a lame joke .
and company how make them is making a lot <money> money .
and the way her neighborhood came together in great solidarity .
the mood the <caps> creates is happy .
i think of my cousin <caps> because she not all that patient .
so <person> decide that he was going to shoot <caps> back .
lives of friends have been lost and friendships have been ruined .
the cyclist is affected by <num> couple different things .
the banning of media can only lead to a general lack of self knowledge .
so that is what i ended up accusing <person> of for at least a month after it happened .
first <caps> going to tell you some positives about computers .
and that is why i think the author has a grateful mood in the memoir .
most of these issues were safety problems .
as i stand to <caps> feet we both smile and begin to laugh .
kids today need to spend more time outside then playing games on the computer .
all we could do was get upset or just not say anything .
some of the things that might happen as a result of spring coming might be that <person> will past the test .
a website called <caps> .
you could be getting other tasks done .
computer help you out with projects and i think everyone should have one too .
so its important for them to learn and watch for there kids .
censorship in libraries is a great issue in the world today .
were all born with the ability to laugh .
laughter is something everyone needs .
like i said before if they do not like it they then there are plenty more libraries that probably will not have it there .
i had one more day and then i will be at the doctor .
there is a much easier solution that censoring those books .
some of these ways are what some people are trying to get removed from our libraries and other places as well .
that was one of the longest bus rides of my life .
a nice man said in a kind friendly voice to <caps> .
they made fun of the face i made when the goat started to charge the fence .
having laughter in your life is something you should always keep because it can help you become happy in many situations and problems you encounter in life .
whenever we talked he always had me <caps> .
so having it for a job is great .
there are so many books the can be a little offensive to people and even kids .
another problem with the physical environment was the road conditions .
what is or not offensive to you compared to other varies on both ends .
another thing you could do is make videos .
because that is getting away from what the over all message is about .
the speed limit is also affect the cyclist .
even if it was tied in the back would move .
my mom saw that i was getting upset and told me to calm down and directed me on how to put the bikes in .
they had a lack of landing area for an almost one-thousand foot blimp .
i feel really honored that i have such amazing people in my life that always make it exciting and full of laughter and life .
it took them about <num> hour for them to get here .
later that day i found a picturesque place to camp for a few nights on the river .
books should be able to be written about any and everything that interests people .
but some tell you what age it is suitable for .
the wind was a huge issue when building the empire state building .
so she went out and bought the latest and greatest phone with the built in music player .
smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill .
we then filled the make shift tent with pillows and blankets to sit on .
this setting was nothing like the old men were talking about .
it only lets you talk to friends and thats why no one uses it anymore .
computers allow people to compress hours of work into a matter of minutes .
one time that i was patient was when i was saving up to buy a game .
that they should just focus on their lives and not worry about everything they hear in the news .
two dirigibles attempted to reach the building before the law was dropped .
the authors parents were very nice and friendly .
just to add to the misfortune of the story .
i do and its just great .
i hope not because there is a <percent> chance that they will or will not get <caps> .
books should be taken off the shelves and put in places where only adults could get them .
the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
therefore one is to believe this reasoning is the assumption as to why <caps> the ended the story winter hibiscus with the paragraph selected .
there is <caps> <caps> just to name a few .
it should be up to the children what they read .
after the long day of flying and touring places around downtown <location> we finally were at the hotel checking in .
the little kids that are hungry were showing patience than the angry adults .
it is clear the setting has affected the cyclist .
the books that are on and off the shelf .
admiration for their strength and perseverance .
what would this world be with no computers .
<caps> said <caps> we started laughing .
they think that computer can help them but yes to others it helps them to their work and education .
we were patient enough to stay till the end of the game .
at times the winds would be violent and it would go back and forth .
taking someones work and blocking it because it is unorthodox or offensive takes away that persons rights .
paragraph <num> says countless extended family members came and went and there was often someone staying with us temporarily .
libraries were made to give people the chance to be inspired .
once we finally got there we did not hesitate to drop off our bags and grab our bikes and take off and explore .
in the essay the features of the setting affected the cyclist .
most libraries have a huge selection for all types of readers or people who would like to watch a movie .
the library could make a section called family and kids .
he seemed unsure and a little nervous .
laughing and having a good time can make any day turn around for the best .
when the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there .
it works most of the time and children also see that .
i think some people just have to live with it .
nobody can tell a book is going to be inappropriate just by looking at the front cover .
the features in the setting of rough road ahead affect the cyclist .
when i am on the computer to long i know .
libraries are public places and should be safe for any age no matter whether they are young babies or adults .
so you should watch out because the computer is the only place <caps> you can lie .
i had to stay on the bottom and pick up trash that they would throw .
then the girl went missing for about weeks .
it is not healthy for you or anyone else .
the biker knew from the start that he should have not given his map .
the author just explains how he lived when he was with his parents .
i personally prefer to type than write but that is just me .
he was amazed of how big and how much i had changed in toughs long twelve years that he had gone without seeing me or having contact with me .
before i became friends with <caps> i never thought i could have someone i could really talk to about my home life .
if its raining out and nothing to to the here games .
any type of game they are all on the computer .
i am about to tell you and that time .
we all sat on the floor recalling stories about the game from that <time> or funny stories from our past .
instead you should keep working hard until you get it .
the statement also concludes how you should never gave up .
patience is when the person is always their when you need help and he will give you patience by just around him .
also my sister to this day is still called lemons .
<caps> she sent my mom and me to the urgent case out on <num> with a note that said i needed an x-ray .
another thing is that it lets you do other things in the process .
then he told me he knows that i thought he forgot about the phone .
we ended up talking for two hours .
but in my opinion it was a waste of time and money .
well it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and hero of the story a bad role model .
after a wile you will forget about it .
the cyclist makes this statement .
the wind over a thousand feet in the air is never going to be <caps> .
after he talks to the old men and starts on his ride to the <num> town there is no one around .
<caps> song in itself depicts a rather provocative tone towards women and men .
this indirectly teaches us how we should not treat women today .
this made him dehydrated .
i was used to being shoved around and dodging things on my way to class .
if it were me now i would <caps> have touched it .
but sarcasm can be blown off like it is nothing .
that is exactly why the offensive things should stay in the library .
my final reason why computers have good effect .
the main mood he created was thankfulness .
my name is <person> .
they should not be kept in the open for small children or for people who do not wish to see them .
sometimes my dad and i would be sitting on the porch and look at the scenery .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
a time of be patience when is all the time if you was not patience you will run all time .
the setting of the desert is a hard setting to be in with no water or help .
but there is always a age group thats not suppose to read some books .
censorship is a good thing but it can also be a bad one as well .
they are the then now and later of the technical world .
it was a mans voice <organization> some background music .
after awhile of that i sit back and relax .
the author says he is very proud that his parents were such caring people .
the only reason some find it to be unhealthy or negative is because some people abuse their computer-time .
the way that the dirigibles would dock to the building was by a cord attached to the mast .
it was illegal to fly dirigibles to low over urban areas .
docking in an urban setting proved too dangerous to risk .
parents should be happy that their teenager is reading and not playing video games or out with friends .
if the books or magazine would start being taken off the selves then we would have less ways to research or learn certain things .
the third effect computers have on people are it gives you something to do .
another horrible thing that has happened in my life is that is that one of my friends died at an early age .
censoring something is wrong .
i thought everyone was treated by equal rights .
i think society is too much time in computers .
most of these books give a prospective on real life stories and <month> be able to help someone cope and realize that they are not alone .
i have that chance .
another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in <location> .
these websites can get a person to be willing to be on computer instead of exercising and staying healthy .
it soon ends up being a huge laugh fest .
one person can learn so much with a computer .
studies show that <caps> a paper is <percent> faster than writing <caps> out .
it keeps you and healthy .
for them to see or hear .
watch all children around the magazines or look at the magazines before allowing them to read it .
<caps> was running fast to the house and failed the see the step up in front of the door .
one of most obvious issues was the safety of the docking .
some people use their computers for business of work related .
talking and catching up with one another is a great way to re-connect .
they can find out what the weather is like so they know how to puck when going places .
i think the using the computer is not a bad benefit because it helps you be in communication with your family or friends .
this means hes happy .
if so why should we allow ourselves to squander what was hard fought for and earned by our forefathers .
computers can also help us in school .
people need to accept that the world is not all sunshine and rainbows and that gruesome stuff is out there .
my perfect day was on a <date> in the middle of <month> in <date> .
the mooring mast was needed because the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the <organization> flat roof .
along with just the sight of the hibiscus other things will make her ready for the test also .
another mood that was created by the author was sadness .
there should be no problem .
it was a beautiful snowy morning on <date> .
they could possible made it strong but at high cost to something so <caps> already .
the mood created by the memoir is shown by many things .
the reason she said when spring comes she will take the test again symbolizes that connection of the flower to the way she lives now .
i believe they are already censored enough .
it was nothing cool about it .
i got out of the cab and saw him lying on the ground crying .
had a great affect on the cyclist .
after that night we were closer then brothers and there is one huge funny tale behind it .
i wanted to go with my friends so we let some people got in front of us .
also offensive materials have made an impact in society for ages .
censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else in my opinion .
no i do not figure that .
like if your waiting in line at the store and someone has a lot of thing an your in a bit of a rush .
censorship is a great hindrance to knowing what is occurring and what has occurred in the world .
so really why would u take stuff off the shelfs if other people read them .
appraise the computer .
the cyclist is affected because the setting is depressing and frightening .
i also think that there are some cons .
the struggles of one person <month> be what saves another and allows the ideals of the world as a whole to grow
when he found out what was wrong .
builders feared that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area .
having a computer helps people to keep distant friends and family close in touch .
just because one person does not like something does not mean that everybody else cannot either .
the builders of the empire state building faced many problems that led to a plan failed .
instead of taking it off the shelves the person could just not read it .
i will never forget that birthday again .
that can tell you where the uncensored parts are .
he grew up and actually met people and made friends .
<caps> before they did i was as calm and patient as can be .
that person was my <caps> .
and family can turn a simple house into a home
this comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week .
laughter <caps> us <caps> <caps> was the <date> of middle school and the entire music department was going on our <date> field trip .
this gave him the feeling there was no chance he could survive .
just one computer can enlighten you with so much .
she feels that right now shes likes the hibiscus .
the last obstacle was it safety .
what i think the cities that have a bigger population should consist of two libraries side buy side .
thats why computers are the most helpful thing we have <date> and we should keep learning and progressing to make us more advance and smarter .
i got very mad for some reason and lost my patience .
thats the only time i remember laughter being my true friend .
people spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted .
this explains they had gotten a law after this from happening so they cant have things near the urban areas .
the the was <caps> long it was almost in the street .
without the patience of <caps> father <caps> family could live .
or she would just want <caps> scream .
as we did i looked out the window to see <person> walking our way from across the field .
struggling financially and personally .
most of this is intended for a general audience and many people can read or watch whatever they want .
i knew this was different tho .
she is constantly on it .
dear local newspaper <caps> i think some peoples are not to much on the computers .
they put things out there like that because they could encourage someone else .
some of the greatest books ever written are respected for their controversy and mind blowing ideas .
but the <caps> is happy .
i conclusion using a computer moderately is a lot better then using a lot .
this is meaningful because the girl considers the day that she had to be horrible and that this statement ends the day on a good note .
which was nearly eleven hundred feet below .
that purpose would be to dock dirigibles on a mooring mast .
i found <caps> passed out in one of the tents and tried to wake him but he was dead asleep .
every year thousands of new books are introduced to the <caps> public .
libraries should not censorship any material .
i believe that profanity has a good side and a bad side .
<person> is entitled as well .
being a dork <month> just be the best way to be in a healthy relationship .
when you are on the computer you are not exercising you body .
i had to be extra patient .
there will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects .
and then describes how harsh winds could render the mast unstable .
i sit there waiting bored .
by taking out some books not everyone would be happy .
teaching something that a kid could remember or is helpful in the long run is the greatest thing .
i have been patiently waiting for it to happen .
him being uninterested made me thrive to try harder .
my legs tangled into knots and i could feel my head pounding .
all <organization> could do was roll on the floor laughing .
she is also thinking beyond that by just laughing at herself and trying to conserve every bit of energy she possibly can .
not with computers .
this is a happy thought and time when different cultures can come together to have friendship .
the had <caps> been a law against it .
another example is when the author states .
thats my story about being patient .
computers provide an excellent variety <organization> education in our society .
my dad drove me home .
the architects of the empire state building were threatened by the possible obstacles of constructing a mooring mast atop the building .
maybe its your religion or culture that keep you from these materials .
i stayed at <location> house for the next two weeks .
her water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
he taught me so much about loving someone .
so the features were the main reason the cyclist lost hope .
it was snowing when we reached the airport .
and all i could here was my mom like be patient we gone get there .
i felt numb to the world .
showing that she found comfort and confidence in the hibiscus .
from ants to <location> its all there .
the next obstacles on his journey was rough terrain .
videos are great when your bored .
we only stayed till <num> .
i do not believe that books that are considered offensive should be removed from public libraries .
one bad thing about it was you always had to go to the bathroom .
it also helped appeasing the <location> since he was sponsoring <organization> plays .
i believe that it is unnecessary to remove items off shelves for offensive reasons .
this law was set in place for safety reasons .
history has never been in the control of man .
i do not believe that this should be done .
i played that for about an hour .
i think the mood that was expressed the most was happiness .
lastly it allows you to talk to people you love that are far away .
<caps> is because of their likeness of minds that they are connected and find happiness in each others company .
soon as the temperature rises to what feels like two hundred degrees the cyclist begins to run low on water and feels sometimes life can feel so cruel .
his family had many rich culinary skills .
<caps> hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers .
we went outside the front doors of the <date> and waited on the front steps for my mom .
for example in paragraph <num> he says things began well enough .
it was the end of the year .
the builders of the empire state building also have to construct a mast for the dirigibles .
the patient player .
it only takes one time to become pregnant or become addicted to drugs .
they should be mature enough to get through a book that has name calling and uses the profanity without laughing or taking it offensive .
the greatest obstacle the engineers <caps> in allowing dirigibles to dock was safety .
<person> kept complaining about needing to use a restroom .
we all have it we just need to start using it .
computers can also give you a live feed of what is happening in the world .
<caps> mainly centers on keeping information stored an organized in files however you wish and is <caps> for quick access to them .
wind was another obstacle that the builders had to overcome .
he would do this day after day .
their child might even have the right to it .
if two people fight over a book they should be kicked out of the library and never come back to the library .
then readers would demanded that we leave their books alone .
some of the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced are dirigibles use hydrogen to float .
they provide a lot of information .
we all understand the benefits of laughter .
thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that i have to offer .
i exploded out of the car with my bag on my back .
<caps> is noting wrong with that .
she remembered how some of these plants grew wild in bushes or between cracks in the sidewalk .
censorship in our libraries could get a little graphic and such .
you <month> even get poor vision from a computer .
i think computer are very helpful for everyone around the world .
she though of how strange it was .
he stopped there and finally got a well deserved drink of water to settle his dehydration and fear .
what is going to happen to all of the sports in the world .
i wanted to say something but was afraid of their reactions .
the mood of this story is happy in the author really shows how much of the love their parents and what they did for them .
some site like <organization> allow you to instant message your friends .
they do not have to take it out on certain authors just because they did not enjoy what other people might .
the topic of library censoring has been increasing over the past few years .
these are the main obstacles of the empire state building to allow dirigibles to dock .
the idea of seeing all my family and friend was captivate to my hear and emotions .
this was the most important reason of all .
you can write a visual letter to one of your friends .
if that was me writing that story i would make the mood very grateful towards my parents .
not every family can work well with everyone else .
it made me feel like a baby that needed permission to do something .
he says in the story the speed limit was <num> .
when i go to a library i <month> find some stuff that is offensive to me .
i cant even remember the last time i went a day without a computer .
computers occupy a lot of peoples time which could be used for other matters .
smith had the entire building frame modified and strengthened before the building was finished .
in other words there is a definite connection between computers and global warming .
now please read on for my second reason .
if you have nothing to do just wait quietly .
i feel that if you tell someone that they can not do a certain thing that will only make them want to do it more .
i did all that waiting for nothing it was so unfair .
movie for the last hour .
children will see and hear offensive things anyways .
it is very boring to just sit there but i do it so i can watch and play <caps> year .
so they only had little pay to feed there family .
laughter brought me closer to my friend .
the back of the blimp would not be tied down therefore swinging around in the sky .
even i will listen to that type of stuff occasionally just so that i can have a cool beat stuck in my head for a while .
the scenery was putting down his hope of ever getting out of the desert .
people use computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places .
it takes you through the woods and over or even through the river .
we all walked through the outfield and onto the infield .
eighteen year olds can go into rated <caps> movies which would be about as bad as a book most likely .
her hibiscus represents courage to overcome her obstacle which is her driving test that she failed .
<caps> <month> argue that the glass is half empty while others argue it is half full .
no buildings are around the cyclist .
by this time i was scared .
i think the fish will love this .
they would most likely to tell people to not get it and tell the school that they were offended by the material .
a child can absorb many things and recall them at times where adults sometimes cannot remember .
these winds made it simply impossible for this to happen .
sounds to me like computers have a positive effect on people .
thousand of website to visit and even more games just waiting to be played .
because a book is not up to one persons standards does not mean that it is not up to another persons .
that day is like any old day .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
staff members should think to put revealing works up to where the younger generation can not find them .
him and i had to wait for <num> minutes .
everyone gets bored .
this creates a tone of hope for future comfort .
being patient might be <caps> after <caps> .
once children learn to read you might come across a bigger problem .
this would keep blimps from landing there .
thats what i was told as a child .
magazines are like books in away .
mostly all of the are just the type that like to be laughing all the time but we are closer because of the way we are with each other .
<caps> they came down the hallway i could hear there foot step .
we all have been there .
i can find out what is happening where i live by looking up your newspaper .
laughter is an interesting emotion .
magazines are meant to tell the truth and sometimes the truth is hard .
so then they call there buddies and say lets try this and most of them do then there in trouble .
<caps> want people to hurry or move faster .
i was now helping keep people up the ladder .
it started out like any other day in kindergarten .
another reason i have would be freedom of speech .
but i seemed to collect friends like i was made of fly paper .
the speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they are in the same room instead across the ocean .
the author writes most dirigibles from outside the united states used hydrogen rather than helium .
but maybe people should cutback a little on <caps> .
before i knew it half an hour passed .
it was talking jokes about black people .
i started to panic in my head .
in history many things are considered offensive .
a social life is very important to a <num> grater .
some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends .
but one time l really had to use my patience .
the geese will fly home and the hibiscus will bloom in spring .
its the same with magazines and movies .
we can come back another time .
ill never forget that time .
this final paragraph draws together and unites all the final paragraph on concluding idea .
the mood is portrayed as happy and thankful about the lessons his parents taught .
censoring libraries are going to eliminate a persons choice .
but it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if this is a good enough book for your child to read .
magazines are a different subject .
the <caps> described in the <caps> is loving and caring .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
this would strengthen the frame of the building so that the wind pressure would be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
this quote is comforting and adds to the homey mood .
there was also another guy named <person> but we call him big <person> hes very funny guy that provided a lot of laughter on the boat .
i want to go swimming at a place called <organization> .
not try to get it banned because that takes to much time .
so that meant it would be illegal to dock a dirigible on the empire state building .
each section should be written to speak the truth but also in a respectful manner .
all three of us looking through something so small .
we waited for a hour .
look at those big roller coasters .
in conclusion the author creates a mood in the memoir .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
that was really funny .
are for entertainment .
computers are really fun to play on .
that was hart warming <caps> me .
its not like your going to stop your son from looking at a <caps> .
cars also have computers put into them .
we cannot take away our aspiration to learn more about the world .
can you <caps> a time in your life when you had to wait for something for a very long time .
i think that censorship is a terrible idea .
i believe that <caps> has a negative affect on people .
laugh with your friends .
i grab a chip <caps> slowly bring <caps> to <caps> mouth while squinting at him from the corner of <caps> eye .
one day while watching <caps> .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
i can never wait for <caps> to come .
some people find things more offensive than others .
so here is examples of these three things .
now when do you see kids actually doing what they are supposed to .
we do everything together and we always have each others back .
while i was eating the ice cream him and my friend <person> put on a little skit of how they were going to be up my ex boyfriend .
i know as a young child when things were not going so well i could always turn to reading to get my mind off of the bad things .
wanting to help me out rather then embarrass me .
this supports the mood of the memoir because the author appreciates the fact that his parents gave up so much to make a better life for him .
the cyclists adventure was very much affected by his setting .
they picked me up and then got my bother .
i think that computers are great .
its as simple as that .
when he set out that morning he asked some old guys on a porch for directions to <caps> .
they want to dock the dirigibles at the empire state building .
then i calm <caps> back down .
i think high school students are smart enough to choose their own books .
my father handwrites all of his papers .
they can stick through it together .
i barely talked to anyone unless it was through email .
i hope i have fun <caps> this ride .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
when i was on my way to the office i say him through the window .
i watched all at the people just sitting there some were on laptops and listening to <caps> players .
this is why people should agree that advance in technology .
we discussed and decide its not getting any smaller and go on the ride .
<date> passed by and it was <date> .
the builders of the empire state building had to face many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
above all else an existing law prohibited airships from flying too low over urban areas .
it was patient waiting to go to <caps> .
so my mom stayed with me while my older sister and my <caps> went on the ride .
i hope we will still have the great time .
i believe magazines are worse than any book .
after telling her all about it she said that i should try to just be myself and eventually i would make friends .
this is the reason why the builders went through many obstacles
the builders also met with the president of an airship transport company that offered their services across the pacific ocean .
they were created for older more mature readers .
when <organization> dies on the side of the cliff by <caps> when he launches the huge rock over board .
the boy said a joke about <caps> .
authors choose their last paragraph for specific reasons .
he is always grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice .
you might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home .
<caps> reason to this situation is that it takes time away from your family and friends .
thanks for your time on reading why i think computers are a big problem here in the <organization> .
suddenly there was a car horn honking and we said our goodbyes and <caps> left .
it gives her hope that she will be able to pass that test again .
containing inappropriate language and terms .
i am going to tell you all about a time when i had to use patient .
the features of the setting become more and more disappointed at each leg of the journey for the cyclist .
people need to stop being so easily offended and realize the library is not trying to harm anyone .
that night at the park he told me willingly without me asking him .
she remember he grandmothers smell because of the plant .
for some odd reason i could never tell the difference if people were laughing at something or laughing with it .
computers are very helpful in many of ways .
so i got ready at <num> am .
<caps> has been beneficial to everybody .
an example of his determination is the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road .
let the parents set the limit for their children and it makes life simpler .
it was pretty funny because even at school i would almost fall over because the floors were wet from the dried snow .
and helped him got .
while we were screaming yelling for each other .
to add on to the students need to pass there <caps> .
there is a place for everything in a library and most of the locations are pretty obvious as to what kind of information is held there .
should be taken off the shelfs due to the feelings of another persons thoughts .
and it paid off in the end he found his water and survived .
talking with profanity in your mouth can change your life but not having a good job getting in jail raising up bad kids that learn from the parents mistakes .
computers is destroying the social life millions of people .
everyone goes on the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and <caps> like that .
i love my grandmas cooking and shes the head chef at the school that she works at .
the mooring mast was not a safe idea that could never have worked .
now the kids know how to say them .
they thought about putting weights on the dirigibles but then that would not be safe having them hang a thousand feet up over people .
learn from my words i as <caps> give up keep trying .
and i truly believe that this content students read in schools and libraries across <location> has something to do with it all .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
one electronic that has been useful in so many ways to people are the computers .
i nodded contently .
in other words laughter pulled me out of <caps> awful pit i hid away in and made me find <caps> true friends in <caps> .
my view of what i think is offensive is very relaxed compared to others i do not get offended at a lot of things
offensive books and movies set bad habit on younger children .
she started telling me a story about how every year her family would take a weekend beach trip .
he could have died .
awarded by the president <person> .
i mean <caps> of course <caps> be your girlfriend i stuttered .
so explain in your next article that we need our computers .
which i doubt it is .
they should be locked up .
a second obstacle was having to make sure the empire state building could withstand the stress created by the blimp .
<person> had the idea of the world not being flat and that he could sail all the way around the world without falling off of it .
but the worse setting the cyclist had to deal with was the lack of water .
a mooring mast could just be put on top of the empire state building .
the law states aircraft flying low to urban areas is <caps> .
here is why i say this .
<person> said that <percent> of people that get a new computer spend <num> minutes more than what time they usually spend on it .
moved and let me get it then wimp <caps> me .
<caps> must have been at least years .
let it go and stick to what you know and like .
all minor adjustments and easy to make .
in paragraph <num> it says how the teachings have stuck with him his whole life and how import family and his friends were to him which creates a warm setting .
all of the previously listed things are rated .
it was during <caps> class that we visited the library to look at various books .
all of a sudden my cousin <person> comes up with this crazy idea of how i can fit in a suitcase .
<person> in a mother and daughter relationship <caps> need laughter .
they are hard to fix but probably possible .
this caused the cyclist to become dehydrated .
one time me and my dad were at a store .
the features of the setting directly affects the cyclist .
this and the accompanying of physical attraction help start the relationship .
we had fun all day end at <num> we went on <organization> .
so its pretty much a lazy distraction .
my mom called and told us she was running a little late and she would be here after she get my cake .
so the concluding paragraph shows how when the hibiscus is budding and starts a new phase she will too and go for her drivers license .
from school fund raisers to the lunch menu its all there .
maybe one day they will fix it .
aloha park sounded like some school that would have great funding and spoiled rich kids in it but it was actually the exact opposite .
this will take so long said my sister .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
everybody in the community acted like they were like they were blood related but in reality nobody was .
we teach our children from a young age our moral beliefs .
there have been many complaints and arguments involving the government regarding acts of censorship throughout the past .
i started laughing and my laugh is very odd .
the second obstacle was money because it was becoming increasingly expensive to pay for all of the modifications to make the mooring mast the reality .
i also know <caps> computers can or will help people all around the world .
i had to wait for my mom to get home and to to me but i was scared but i was patient .
in the car had a t .
one mood was <caps> and friendship .
the theme of the story is when life seems hard take a new approach .
my dad asked me if i wanted to go to work with him and i said yes .
a good way to do that would be using email or instant messaging .
because i know computers have helped me in school and more work much easier .
say that you need to research the periodic table and write down <num> facts as well as all the elements .
if a person is under that age then their parents should be present while they check out so they can approve of what their child is checking out .
ten more minutes had passed and i began to get thirsty .
a cyclist is someone who tried their bike mostly all the time to get somewhere .
but this is just one of the many uses a computer has .
authors are artists .
i guess it really is true that laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
people use computers everyday .
we were in the mist .
the cyclist is given almost a hopelessness as well as determination to survive as he runs out of water .
there was this trail we would use to walk back to my house .
so libraries be aware of what you put on your shelves and be aware of the consequences .
and the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature .
dear <caps> and <caps> of the <location> <caps> i think that computers are a good thing to use .
i have come to notice lately that i have an amazing best friend .
i think that using computer is fine .
such as some parents think its okay for their children to drink under age as long as they stay home with them and they know what is going on .
another time when the author created a mood was when he described how he lived in a close-knit community .
she is showing optimism toward the spring and is willing to face a challenge .
they finally cleaned the apartment and got the x-bow back .
your relationship involves love and laughter .
think for a moment about what you like .
we sprayed it on the fire and i think my face got a little sunburned after that .
my new companion and his laugh was the start to my new beginning .
i am mostly on the computer instant messaging .
but i would have to disagree i think those books deserve to be read .
friends are a big part of my life and i love just to talk to them and see how they are doing .
the springtime is a representation of a new beginning .
i believe laughter is vital in a friendship .
then the student could be in trouble .
the tumbleweeds that cross his path add to the desperation .
paragraph <num> this shows that his parents must have done something very hard and gave up a lot to give him to have a good life .
if they need it out of site you can always put it on the highest shelf .
<caps> finally went in and got over with <caps> .
the cyclist had to go through all these problems which made it show that he had determination .
it is her good luck .
i believe that slavery is a hard subject to come to grips with .
teenagers on the other hand is a whole different story .
you can learn about someone and become friends and hang out a lot .
it really has to depend on what the product is .
the main setting was that he was riding his bike in the desert .
of course i forgive you .
the second offered only water that slightly resembled battery acid .
on our way it felt like two weeks .
he took directions from older people who promised the rider a short cut .
almost every library uses this system so they do not have to use a censor .
the cyclist knows the dangers of the setting around him .
one major thing that about laughter is the whole point of view .
the greatest obstacle throughout the whole process though was the nature itself .
students around the world for example <month> need to research information for a topic in class .
so thats the mood of the memoir .
so we asked what was so funny .
there i was waiting being patience at the school .
<caps> has the opportunity to be born in <location> and having a better life .
also the author concludes this because the good luck charm the hibiscus gave more confidence and when say it real confident one will succeed .
the teaching on the way people coming i .
small things like such as language should not cause the material to be taken off of shelves where people who appreciate it cannot obtain it .
this made everyone smile .
they can help you do a lot of things that others <month> not .
so therefore its not right to take the things off the shelves just because some people do not like it .
they opened them up .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is proud .
there are some books that some people find so offensive that they can not even continue to read the rest of the book .
i wanted to explode with excitement .
this could not be done on the empire state building because it would mean lead bricks would be dangling over pedestrians constantly .
i heard one kid used the computer to much that he started to kill people and got shot by a cop .
<caps> said that once or twice because <caps> knew it was true .
these are the sort of things that need to be taken off the shelves of our libraries .
there is no jokes or laughter or anything awesome like that .
with a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are .
the coming of spring also symbolizes renewal and birth .
laughter is in my everyday schedule .
they teach many things for people to learn and that have already learned .
the author concludes this sentence in the conclusion because she wants to show the courage the girl has in immigrating to <location> .
there is no reason someone would not be able to refrain from going in and getting an offensive book .
if music or movies become a hazard then it should not be welcome in the library .
i have seen survey that say <num> out of <num> spend more than <num> hours a day on computers .
we go to the small town of <person> right next to famous <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> .
so i checked the porch nothing .
when i eventually fell asleep .
i knew that i was going to have to rough the two months out and be patient .
its clear that computers can do just about anything want than to do .
<caps> mom can make me laugh no matter what is going on in <caps> teenage drama life .
one of my best friends is named <person> and the other is <person> .
when i was done eating .
this is a story of the time i was patient .
<person> dad had already applied fro the army .
there are many benefits to having a computer .
i remember sitting in the fort and talking to her about anything that came up .
the cyclist then felt happy and relieved .
we would still talk at the pool and see each during the school <date> .
as for me being catholic there is a codex of forbidden books that is a list of books that i am not supposed to read as a good catholic .
think about someone you know very well .
he loves his parents and is happy with what they have done .
this occasion instantly became another inside joke we treasure .
the web site listed above can really make you forget about reality .
we went on the court and the ball was served we let the ball hit the ground point one to the other team .
i imagine that some of them have come up with very creative ways to get back at people by going off of what i did .
another issue was the landing of the dirigibles themselves .
while everyone else was taking <caps> was yelling at them to go to sleep and be quite .
it gave him that extra boost of energy that seems to have come out of nowhere .
so after school was done me and my friends were going to head over to our houses to get dressed for the dance .
people should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to look up information and learn about new places .
those hills really affected him physically he gets tired from peddling up and down continually .
i was really happy .
a thing that helps these parents are restrictions on the stuff that you are able to get your hands on .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
having patients can be a good thing .
two hours of waiting in line we seen a sign that said one hour from this <organization> .
the lack of landing area was of the the challenges .
he had many visitors .
i am not saying all magazines and movies are bad to our mind because they can also be helpful .
when we got a call from <caps> grandma .
the cyclist in this short story was greatly affected by the setting .
i would rather be having fun and getting nice fresh-air then sitting on the computer about to be sick .
its never a good feeling when you know something is wrong .
now in a <organization> library yes because no parent would want their eight year old daughter reading about how to make drugs .
one problem was that the already constructed frame was not strong enough for a new mooring mast for blimps .
he starts off describing his life so far and family .
int he library there are many magazines that are meant for adult eyes only .
i told you how a library should work .
i see all my friends here all the time and now ill get to see my older friends too .
every single person has had some type of education .
if your the type of person that is a at something .
in <caps> <num> it talks about how his parent welcome refugees to celebrate their arrival to <location> .
both options are unacceptable .
it stated that the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
the mood of the author in the memoir is that he is very proud in what his parents have done .
there is something about music that soothes the human body .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to dock dirigibles there .
as it was making my dad and my relationship better it build a connection between my family and i .
i was crying for an hour straight .
i was pretty excited so i went .
the author also gives off a very compassionate mood .
thats what people want is to see people for who they are .
it took me a while to picture who it was but eventually i realized who it was .
materials at libraries should not be censored because the materials allowed at the libraries would decrease .
in the story there are many affects the cyclist deals with .
we would laugh on the way home talking about how i would always fall .
<caps> i woke up and i told my dad that i wanted to go to my favorite store .
then me and <person> went to the office and i called my house phone my sister picked up the phone i said to her <caps> me speak to mama .
on top of his water problem the heat was unbelievable .
i am so thankful to have someone that i can share all this laughter with .
that would be a terrible thing .
the builders of the empire state building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
they teach us new things and help us with hand-eye coordination .
when they should be doing work around and inside the house .
this feeling of family definitely helps to make the piece feel warm and happy .
the computer or great way to find a job .
at that moment the decision was made .
the downside to listening to music is that you cant exactly hear everything that great .
these were some reason why you should not use the computer .
the author had to slow down on his bike and find a safe way around it so he could get past .
thirty-two percent said over the phone and about sixteen percent said in person .
everybody has there own opinion on the matter .
people should be happy about the computer invention .
my sister picked me up from the airport .
i am sure most of the things you have to type for <location> are written using a computer .
i think they are important and needed .
<caps> is ready and so <caps> do this thing i muttered as i grabbed my jacket and headed for the exit of my neighborhood .
the water was cold and my brother said i should wear his waiters .
laughing in a relationship is good because if you cant laugh together you probably not be together .
<person> caught a fourteen inch largemouth bass .
this was done mainly to reduce stress on the buildings frame .
like he starts off with strong less and a smile on his face .
this research can be used to write essays in school .
<caps> turned out all right and my mother was always patient with us we complained and moaned .
law was also a problem .
i have to use it everyday .
i believe that is a from two to three cars .
mainly with all the nudity and foul words that they show .
i grab the jar on the left side without another word .
people like playing video games or be on websites that they like .
computers then come in handy .
when you see something happen real funny you cant help but laugh .
in my family i am not allowed to listen to offensive music .
for me i know that being around people who cant laugh things off i always feel like i need to watch what i say .
this excerpt conveys a feeling of nostalgia and warmth as the author praises his childhood home .
it should be remembered that it is the <caps> responsibility to censor materials for their children .
computers help us do research they keep us connected with friends and family and they are required to be used at some <caps> .
from my personal experience i always do spring cleaning because i want to begin fresh .
it felt like <num> hours .
so you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires .
the author talks about the hardship his parents had to endure to give him a better life .
the problem was that hydrogen is highly flammable .
computers do not create positive benefits to society .
is sure i would have had across time if went people have probably done .
it was hard sometimes because my room was right across from my parents room and at the time i had beads hanging from my door .
in my opinion i think the computer its a really good way to communicate with your family .
i believe that computers benefit the society in many different ways .
so i <caps> out a smoke to ease my nerves .
cause when we left it was dark outside .
the task of allowing dirigibles to dock on the empire state building was met with many obstacles .
keep reading for more information .
the elements were against him .
literature is written by the author for many reasons .
i heard a couple nights ago that <organization> had an earthquake .
in <num> grade my sister and i played the patient game .
learning about people will help you make friends to .
the features of the setting in this story make the ride more difficult for the cyclist .
thats one of the horrible times i was patient .
there are many reasons and examples that support this .
it not much of a story .
that was the mood created by the author in the <caps> .
another obstacle the builders failed to see was the actual construction of a modern-day dirigible .
computers are very important to society .
as you can see being patient is hard but it is a very important trait to have .
but other than that your able to chat with your friends instead of waiting for your mom to get off the phone .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i threw myself back into the seat .
people love movies .
my second reason is kid might have to look important things up .
he would put a mooring mast on the top to <caps> .
as we pulled away i looked back to see them all waving good bye .
the cyclist starts to run out of water and he makes sure the vivid he comes across is not a mirage .
yes having a computer is helpful .
patience is important .
even though some of the things they chose might be different then what the public expects .
there is also the mental effort of not tipping the bike on the uneven surface .
papa just looked puzzled and then joined in our laughter .
i did the worst thing to our friendship and just let it stay like that .
if a book was censored because of the contents inside it would bring into question other books or media related to it .
another example is the singer <organization> .
the youth of our country do not need to be seeing all of these actions and hearing these messages .
i soon became green with envy over her because of all the attention she got .
this would make a ship swivel around dangerously .
and their are many people and other building in <caps> that could be put in danger .
being exhausted the people slowly walked or drove back to their houses .
<caps> <caps> we have to turn around <caps> all laughed at this and then my <caps> said that she was testing me to see if i could be patient .
it also discourages him .
many children and even adults are hooked onto the computer .
you can email instead of using letters .
the author was just so proud of his life and parents .
the computer sped up this process .
i believe that people should have the right to read whatever they want .
its all on how you look at it you have to have a sense of humor when it comes to stuff like that .
only with friends would we laugh and have a good time .
over <percent> of the <organization> owns at least one computer in their house .
if newspapers keep publishing articles about the benefits of computers .
it tells us what the opinions were of people at that time .
theses books all have history in them of our past .
i got to tell her about my books and i was very happy i got my named called .
lets look at some reasons why i feel that graphic or offensive books should be removed from book shelves .
with the cyclist having limited amount of water effected him to .
that is why no one person has the right to take it off the shelf .
another problem that occurred to stop this building from being used as a mooring mast was the powerful wind currents that constantly shifted .
we unloaded the bus again and headed into the school .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
overall i think it is completely wrong for books to be removed from libraries for people complaining about them being offensive
we were standing in line for hours .
that electricity comes from power plants .
notice i was very patient with her and this was the month of <date> .
one day i had to put up with my big brother all day .
so far the cyclist had a great ride for about two miles into his journey after that it started to change .
especially when all of you know that only one from the whole group will go to <location> .
movies already have ratings so this kind of helps for people to check them out and make sure the movie would be safe to watch .
<caps> in the the <caps> finish constructing it but the dirigibles could not dock there .
everyone needs a best friend to laugh with and i am grateful to have mine stick with me no matter what .
after getting some helpful advice about a few short cuts the cyclist sets out for adventure .
the materials in libraries are there to give everyone a chance to find something that interests them .
she buys the flower because she failed the drivers test .
most of these songs they sing now is about dumb things that do not mean anything .
many materials found in a library even if it is offensive can be helpful for someone else .
if people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of the glowing technology then be it .
they would steal the projects that i made and worked really hard on .
all of a sudden i saw a bunch of teenagers just cut in front of the little girl .
one day my family and i all went to <caps> point .
fourth grade had brought so many ups and downs with it which none of us knew it would .
also computers have been a major part in entertainment .
the author is always saying about <num> miles or twenty miles up the road .
the wind at the top of the empire state building was another problem .
you can even play poker on your computer .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy and grateful .
in paragraph <num> it says i will always be grateful to my parents .
we did recycling everyday .
i gently pushed open <location> bedroom door with my fingertips .
this is one reason why certain books should not be altogether removed from the library .
this would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
laughter is a great thing that everybody needs to have in their life .
adding a mooring mast would not be as simple as placing one atop the building .
he says that his family welcomed everybody .
right as i got about a foot from the pole the fish started to swim faster .
as soon as we got there we jumped the first pool i waited for my dad .
next we had to remove the muscles and identify the bones and digestive organs .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
like movies there are ratings such as <caps> which means that you should be <num> or older to view it .
the solution to this problem is simply to not remove the books .
those are the reasons why computers have effects on people around the world .
i think this because <num> .
the novel also contains multiple references to sexual situations .
the right to choose what book they read is one that should not be taken .
i had no idea that all of my other friends would get it before i did .
we were all asleep .
hand-eye coordination is very important .
the author also says that he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice .
parents should monitor their children while in a library as to not let them stumble upon something that they would not want them to see yet .
they contain many different styles and genres of books .
the greatest obstacle .
they can see the different types of drugs and learn about them .
once i was settled there walked in <location> .
it is very hard to cycle on bumpy dry land .
the images from the film stayed in my head for a good month .
some book such as <caps> <caps> <caps> and <caps> <caps> <caps> are great to read for school assignments .
our moods totally changed once that happened .
laughter is what makes the world go round .
they are young and should not be expecting the fact that there people that use these words to express feeling or name calling .
during <caps> class <caps> was doing a chapter sketch .
everything was going well until i broke over the knoll .
now every time they see me and remember that moment they crack up laughing and they point to something and say it the way i said it .
in addition is think its also a tool in schools .
most people do not think that kids should see certain things if they are found offensive .
they decided that they should try it outside because <person> wanted to feel the chilling wind on her baby soft face as <caps> was riding in the truck .
computer are a of looking in many different take days .
when our stomachs hurt from <caps> so hard .
plus the heat made him real hot and thirsty .
the cyclist has no water and thinks its only a matter of time before he dies .
then grabbed <caps> phone to test it .
this presented another problem however because if dirigible docked on the building its weight would be to much for the building .
there are people getting drunk in the movie .
after i got to the top .
it allows them to mature and grow up .
computers and technology benefit us in many ways .
a time i was patient was when i had to be patient for having a difficult task without any hep .
or how they see the actors in the movie and they curse and they think is cool cause there doing it as well .
censorship in a way stops the flow of what people learn .
i knew that to get fudge i had to be patient .
the one time i was patient is when my mom took me to go get my birth certificate so i could play football .
another obstacle in attempting to get the dirigibles to dock was the wind .
we were walking towards it .
the community they moved to was so happy and also like his family to him .
book tend to be censored and even banned at schools .
i think that all libraries should carry the same content in them .
computers are the center of technology .
with all of the problems in the setting the cyclist still comes through to end his journey .
we live in such a closed-minded world .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
<caps> will help you .
in addition nature itself was an obstacle .
first he talks about how he is grateful his parents got him interested in cooking .
you lose a lot of friendships like this .
everybody is different and what offends my neighbor <month> not offend me .
<caps> glance at me and i turn away .
i talked to him about him asking them if i could do any work for a little cash .
the ending also gave the most meaning .
everyone has their own choice of what kind of stories they are into .
the builders of the empire state building faced many problems in attempting the dirigibles to dock there .
but always be careful not to laugh in situations were its not appropriate .
it prevents freedom of expression .
we would be living in a much more healthy and clean word .
the type of mood that was created by the author is a warm and <caps> mood .
while in the process of building the <organization> encountered many obstacles .
my grandma rang the door bell and we positioned ourselves to be ready to sing when the door opened .
you could be out side learning hand eye coordination .
i also agree with those thoughts .
when she grows again like a flower she will go prove to past that test .
she one reason why think computers are a positive impact on love and society .
<caps> could even change their lives .
they would have a happy healthy life .
in my opinion i am really thankful that we have computers .
when we arrive at the <caps> the line was bigger then the start of the day .
while my parents and grandparents were out in the front lawn with all the guest .
soon everybody began comparing the way we pronounce things to the way that he does .
the author creates a lively mood in which he is grateful for his parents love .
<caps> stood as still and silent as a marble statue .
everything must be taken with a grain of salt .
your body need water to work right .
attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building created many obstacles for its builders .
they want all the guys to stair .
the mood the author created in the memoir is very significant .
she would adapt just like the winter hibiscus .
this could cause many different complications .
i asked him what he thought of his job .
the author creates the mood as happy and gratefulness .
the plant represent her home .
i strongly disagree .
technical problems also arose .
when the computer know that it benefits our society .
i never thought that i would have so many awkward moments .
everyone would waiting be first .
almost everyone has one that they use .
one thing that is important about the computer is the advances in technology caused by it .
this made it impossible to dock .
and they affect very crucial family time .
the section should be locked up so children cant get that kind of music .
as i read this i could feel a warm welcoming from home .
this raises safety issues for the urban city .
to were no little kids can rent the book .
so when she feels that comfort again she will be brave and go take the test .
<caps> day or <num> days she ripped one link off .
i know when i get home from school the computer is all i can think about until i go on .
the road we had to go down was closed .
the kind of laugh where a person might be considered crazy for being that happy .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
the features is old abandon towns and hot temperatures .
by ridding ourselves of offensive media we cannot share our opinions with one another for a more successful <caps> .
i <month> be angered by what i see .
but <caps> <caps> got to be patient .
a lot of people are not active because they on the computer harms on end .
one example of this is when the author states i learned there about how to love .
it is true that if we allowed censored material into a <caps> a child could find it .
when other might argue to it is a good thing for people to learn about the different types of places in the world .
the bad part is that if your on the computer all the time then you are neglecting time with family and friends .
instead go to a book store and buy whatever you need there .
some movies that i have watched are not very well either .
we were accompanied by another family with four kids .
too much time on computer .
for example the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you did something on it you would put in cardboard card .
i believe that libraries should not have censorship .
this part of the setting affected him emotionally .
there are some groups of people who laugh together to be healthy .
computers help everyone .
the article says it was here where i learned the real definition of family .
the computer is also a great device to use for learning .
i know this because in paragraph <num> the author writes i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
i think having a computer is good because you can research stuff and you can meet people and chat with them .
<caps> that you forget about everything but what you just said .
this just shows that computers and other technology are effecting families around the country by making them overweight and .
this tower served as a mast for the building to come .
plus sex makes books better .
older teenagers and young adults would be able to get their homework or projects accomplished without having all the distractions of the offensive materials .
they would have to transmit the load and the wind pressure to the foundation which was nearly eleven hundred feet below .
i believe she thought she could pass the test when the flower was blooming and reminded her of home .
sir please sit down .
this densely populated area would be much more hazardous than a rural area in new jersey .
these magazines should not even be allowed in the libraries across our nation .
it s twice as hot during the summer .
one reason is the dirigibles were unsafe .
computers are great for many reasons .
she could even contact her doctors to see her condition after .
i told <caps> mom i was not giving up she was coming .
my boyfriends name is <person> .
i look at laughter in a different way .
computers help function machines .
i hold the power to choose the books i read and the responsibility to choose the books best suited for my age and maturity level .
i thought i would never do it right .
this feature effects the cyclist because of the extremely dry heat beating down on him makes him dehydrated .
i remember when <person> first came to this school she look like the other girls in our class but once we got to know her we became best friends .
this unavailability made traveling to the mooring mast almost impossible .
having these individual chances will help people think of what the right choice is .
one of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research .
i think that if something is found offensive then they should be in a special aisle .
the author is grateful because her parents came to <location> .
laughter keeps <caps> and i close .
there are a few obstacles the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
that he was thirsty and had holes .
the computer also supplies an endless source of entertainment .
you will get bad grades in school .
so we sat there patiently and ordered are food and left to go to the football game .
it should be on the shelf even if it is offensive .
everything is for educational purposes .
this is because many of the items you will find will be in some way biased .
the setting is a great effect on how the cyclists act especially with no water .
computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm .
another reason is because of communication .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof .
i started laughing really hard .
some games allow you design and play as a character you created .
do what you think and feel is cool .
the answer is the customers at the library .
i was wondering if anybody beat my score during the whole ride .
someone else might like it .
it was also dangerous to have them land there .
i love them very much .
really all that kept him on the ground was him being patient .
if you go computer dead then it will slowly start to take over our lives .
<caps> of a sudden my <caps> slammed onto the brakes .
unfortunately i had to turn them down and tell them they have to learn how to deal with their own bullies themselves .
in a great deal of different types of literature censorship is touched on by the authors .
she went to the dance floor and danced with some guys .
company stopped making them until they came up with a new computer that is the <caps> one ever .
finally there was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
theres this one specific time that was the high light of my life .
another obstacle was the weather above the building which was very strong winds and air currents .
so let it be the parent choice of what there child can see .
secondly computers are another way to go to collage .
the greatest obstacle to the use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
they are all spending less time at the park big or simply just enjoying natures beauty .
but some people like to read about murders an gangs selling drugs and thats fine .
this strain only lead to unpleasant things .
the author did a great job at creating those two moods and putting them into his memoir .
so the building would have to be modified and strengthened to withhold these conditions .
<caps> sat on the couch then and told me about how <caps> was in the library overhearing some of our classmates reading a book about people making fun of gays .
i really do have to give him that much credit .
last year in <date> after school my dad and i went hunting for deer in <caps> .
i took a survey of three kids that typed a composition and three kids that wrote it .
able day at the mall .
i think the girl wants to be just like flower .
the next morning our uncle and aunt had planned for us to have dinner with our cousins and other uncle and aunt .
this supports the idea that the mood was created by the author in the memoir because the author expressed their opinions in there own way which set the mood .
i strongly believe computers do benefit society .
enjoying nature things and you that .
you even have to laugh at yourself and make fun of how idiotic you sounded .
<caps> would argue that it was the greatest invention ever .
even then students get tired quick and get out of breathe because they are lazy and always on the computer .
it is all your own choice of things you want to read .
the author describes the many things her parents have given to her .
the heat had made it only a trip for his inner soul to survive .
i felt simply <caps> .
hes grateful for his parents and how they sacrifice moving to <location> .
and countless extended family members came and went .
the workers first obstacle was to make docking at the empire state building safe .
they have horoscopes and give advise .
it was here where i learned the real definition of family .
another obstacle was safety .
and being fat also has a negative effect .
this was essential in order for the building to be able to support the mooring mast where the dirigibles were supposed to dock .
the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would add too much weight to the framework which could cause it to collapse .
just about any domain name on the web .
the landscape changes with the state of water .
all the facts are true ans i say about <num> people in the world go threw computers every year <caps> think hard .
<person> got out of the car and walked inside the castle .
when we lived in <organization> my dad had to commute back and forth to work from <location> to <organization> .
in you get exercise and can expose the scenery .
by no time i was at the office yes i said to the person that was there do you now why your hear <caps> said no i replayed .
i must do something or i go insane .
most of the time when you are laughing about something you are with someone else .
another reason why computers are a good things is because you can catch up on all of the recent stories .
it gives a deeper look into information about these things .
and what types of book should be in the children part in the libraries on the shelf .
that is completely understandable .
the snake blocked the pavement in front of him that looked like diamond back .
saying no to censorship .
younger kids could always just grab them not knowing what it is and go watch it in there room .
the library <caps> a place for all sorts of books for anybody to come and have the right to check them out .
the reader at that point would expect for her to be very sad and depressed .
computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes .
the builders of the empire state building face many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the last but not least reason is kids are forming a bad eye sight .
sitting there in silence and feeling helpless i put my head down on my desk and started to cry .
think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with .
they are beneficial .
if it was going to rain that would be a waist of money .
i think the author concludes the story winter hibiscus with this paragraph for these reasons .
after hunting <person> figured we needed a laugh so he grabbed a bull snake and we started to walk to the back yard .
<person> whispered over to me .
<percent> of todays jobs in <location> require some kind of computer work .
as a child you have nothing but peace .
the mood created by the authors tone in this memoir is appreciation which is displayed in three important places .
it was supposed to serve as a passenger exchange and a refueling dock for dirigibles .
in the story the line .
about five minutes later my friend <person> comes and walks by me and starts talking to me .
one time when i was patient was when a new video game was coming out .
<num> am still in waiting .
another survey done by the <caps> <caps> <caps> magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one .
you could have been apart of those memories .
this lines says that the author is grateful that his parents sacrificed a lot for the author to have a better life .
when you sit and watch computer your eyes starts to hurt .
many teens gravitate to the young adult section because it includes age-related material .
i know that books help me figure out many things .
i ask one more time <caps> <caps> leave please .
we sat for <num> minutes band then we hear the doctor calling my name .
the libraries should be more responsible with the content that they have on their shelves .
these are my reasons and i hope you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people today .
i tried to peek at <caps> paper .
it was a day of boredom and waiting .
inside there were pictures revealed that my mother was not to happy about my brother seeing .
my older brother was happy for some reason .
an example of this would be the society in the book <caps> <num> by <person> .
also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move .
we also a challenge in middle school to see which school could read the most .
it is one of those things that just make you feel good .
spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer .
many parents or young adults believe that movies being <caps> are a good thing .
changing the offensive language in this book would totally ruin it .
<person> <caps> <num> addressed the growing problems of censorship and the dangers of technology .
then he came upon rolling hills and rough <caps> .
this idea presented many challenges .
you should know that it is true .
computers have so much information that the news paper in the future will no longer be known .
trying to work through traffic but we could not .
almost everything on the computer has to be read so <caps> gives a lot of practices .
i was so scared that when she through the medicine in my eyes it burned a little .
a computer is very addicting people stay up on it for hours .
she felt that it was from the devil and pure evil .
it tells us that character can not do what he is trying to do .
i was crying a lot and moving around as my mom patiently tried to get the gum out of my hair .
this creates an atmosphere of passion .
computers can affect the way people are and how they interact .
they give us the ability to learn about things .
those who are glued to their computer screens are no better .
then traffic came to a stand still .
another day that he was over just hanging out with me .
these people need to get a change .
they way laughter has impacted my life is by giving me this amazing best friends who is crazy and humorous .
which in return gets me laughing .
the builders of the empire state building faced numerous obstacles in trying to have dirigibles dock at the building .
and these setting could be easily formed in the middle part of the essay .
people that want to say something about what the language is like in the book should not have checked it out .
buying and selling things on the computer is easier than it looks .
my father gave up his career and my mother gave up her family to give me and my brothers a better life .
she has more of an appreciation for <caps> now after seeing the hibiscus and remembering her past .
thats why computers are good use .
when we were done we started heading back home .
also the temperature was still very high and he did not have barely any water left .
shell take care of us said my younger sister .
the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose .
<person> and i took advantage of the situation and made her even more scared .
he quietly waited day after day for the game .
i am feeling a lot better today .
almost everyone in this world reads .
the speed limit was <num> .
so as you can tell the features of the scenery road affected him greatly .
one obstacle was not having enough room for the dirigible to land .
so the next day we went and got them and that was a time i was patient .
all of those computer related things would not there for <caps> there were no computer .
we each felt that the work we were teaching ourselves was much too easy .
my mother was concerned about the lyrical content of the songs i would listen to .
i was waiting for the contest to end .
plus using lead weights like they do when landing in the fields would be hazard for the people below .
he was now fearing a heat stroke .
kids visit the <caps> all the time and looking for books to strike interest and will always find something different that they should not be exposed too .
people can find what they like and stay away from what they do not like .
i have a best friend .
the woman who gave me life is an only child .
<caps> i said in a mean voice .
so even <caps> your playing games your hand-eye coordination <month> be improving .
they were not at my house .
<caps> what i had forgotten made me excited .
being prohibited and breaking the law would get many in trouble .
those are sometimes which i had to be <num> .
this topic was censorship .
sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it .
i am a really smart kid .
told her what the doctors told us .
his hopes start to drop .
the terrain was also not very ideal for a cyclist on a hot <date> .
he always kept his head up and was determined to make it to his destination .
<caps> and i were covered in mud .
there are bigger more advanced computers that scientist use every day .
some obstacles were the lack of a suitable landing area .
as you <month> know the author of this book is named <person> .
there are a few obstacles the builders of the empire state building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
laugh every day because life is too short to forget .
like a movie some people like to see things to understand them .
a very pregnant <caps> <caps> woman walked in and took offense to my friends eye movements .
but he keeps trying to reach his destination .
that was time a person i know was patient .
the present was a rectangular shape wrapped in blue gift wrap decorated with snowflakes .
one day i made this video of my friends and i playing <caps> .
if the wind blew to hard it could swing it back into the building .
so i asked my friend <person> to push me into the mud so i could fall in and roll in it .
this really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling .
his parents also allowed other immigrants to stay with them temporarily .
there are adults that would like to see no more of todays offensive material for their selves than they would want their children to see .
i use my computer to stay connected with friends and my family that lives in another county .
within the next week we tried again .
he never exercises or take a break .
the second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places .
overall it was too far fetch of an idea .
it was a pleasure as always to write to you .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
we should be allowed to take from any knowledge that exists .
he talked about how the immigrants in his neighborhood all helped each other .
the human mindset can only be expressed through the art which the human creates .
the heat and lack of water combine for deadly dehydration upon the cyclists .
she looks at her hibiscus she will have found memories but not be sad .
they can come do there research and rent books .
you should have a section for children in libraries .
it helps people understand what is going on in other peoples point of views .
computers cause people to be less active .
this is the arrangements of who was in what trucks .
the last thing that affected the cyclist was the fish camp .
i gladly offered to babysit because i love being with her .
she was kind of rounder and she had short blond hair .
the whole night we hung out and danced like crazy .
it sounded like paper towels being ripped right from the dispenser .
some people only read different books .
to tell this story i have to go back in time to when i way around nine or so .
censorship has never ended in something good- only the promotion of something bad .
it is denying the composers their right to freedom of speech .
its funner with people who are laughing with you or make you laugh .
almost <percent> of people in other countries be very lonely because all they <caps> is play on the computer and forget about other people .
but computers are spending to many times on their computers .
it also reminds her of her grandmother who she left behind so now she is connected to the plant .
<caps> to the vast emptiness of the area in which he was traveling he could not stop somewhere to ask for help or to take a rest .
dirigibles were basically given up on by the 1930s .
i think that the author concludes the story like that because <month> be shes saying that by that time shell be ready to take the test again .
also computers help out immensely with school work and homework .
he told me that he wanted me to go over to kyle house and play basketball .
god bless <location> and i hope someday soon i can have memories like that .
letting small children see this makes them think that they have to dress and act a certain way .
i feel that taking offensive books off shelves will help with this somewhat peaceful world i would like to live in .
<caps> an easy sensation said time magazine .
this put the dirigibles at risk of hitting that building or another .
when we fin ally got to the front of the line my patients was <caps> .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is humble .
they allow people to contact others who are far away .
as time past we finally got on the water ride .
can be offensive in some way .
it was time for <caps> two now .
its good for education mind exercise and communication all over the world .
is when i want something really bad .
if you control the amount of time you use on a computer then you will be fine .
my mom is very patient women and a great teacher and leader .
the computer can give you plenty of <caps> .
first is <caps> mom .
a patient person experiences without complaining .
these obstacles were the main obstacles the builders had to face if the empire state building would be a landing dock .
in the end the only way that you and your friends can be closer is to laugh .
a time when i was patient was when i was waiting at the dentist for my brother .
note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz .
in the non-fictional memoir by <person> talks about the importance of family .
a lot of it is especially not for young children .
its proven that <num> students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well .
most libraries are open to the public .
she is talking about the hibiscus and the geese .
while at the gas station we had little bit of an issue but it was very funny .
a recent study by <organization> and the <organization> studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer .
parents can decide what their child is allowed to take home or not .
safety is one <organization> the most important things in life .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they caused him to need water .
you can let people know what you are doing or tell them you sad because your dog died .
little did we know that we would have to walk through <caps> .
the worst thing would have to be that he ran out of water .
kids who need to win and not talk could lead to lifetime results .
for example the story was set on a highway set at <num> which the cyclist was only able to do <num> .
the geese and the hibiscus flower are a symbolic memory of her old home in <location> which she misses very much .
<person> sighed as <caps> slopped out of the jeep .
<caps> you use your computer to much you can be at risk of becoming obese .
thats my personal opinion on taking books off the shelves of public libraries .
he encountered rolling hills that took a lot of energy to ride up .
more family time can be but i think you can make time for the computer and other things like family time and exercising .
it is still making them learn some thing .
as my favorite song went off i reached to change the program .
i left the family to enjoy their night and went off to bed myself .
but over all there is the government who censors things going on around the world .
said my little brother .
i told her <person> .
that is why there are restricted areas for children of certain age .
was put in the story for a reason .
i payed for the to bowls of food and we went to our bus stop and went to downtown <person> .
the first obstacle was that the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified .
<caps> it was wrong .
the answer is as simple as that .
some are just the artist sing and dancing in a background other times people make fun of other artists .
laughter i think is a good important part of relationships too .
they could easily go to play and talk with family and friends if they wanted to .
<num> out of <num> poll takers agree that finding <caps> on the computer is quite easy .
she loved cake and ice cream and wanted dad only .
we had fun watching her have to stop every <caps> often <caps> she would not pee on herself .
speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits no one wants to miss out on .
<person> felt as if his heart was about to jump out of his chest .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
when i first saw my puppy <caps> were at <organization> .
if so then that person would never get any royalties for their story and no money to support themselves .
shes improved over the years it takes patience because she has a disorder .
we finish watching a couple episodes and <caps> my mom shows up .
we wrap it around <num> times and make it as tight as it possibly could be .
one time <caps> mom took a test to become a <caps> .
he said that if i pay for four hundred of it like the original deal that i could get it .
she focuses more on the gratitude of her parents even more than her heritage and family bonds .
this is the time when i was patient .
these computer websites are allowing anyone to talk in people who could have the interest in mind .
i would be very upset if my child had to see that .
i used to love hermit crabs .
during the whole river raft trip we jumped back and forth between the two rafts occasionally splashing each other with the oars .
one could not go to a library and get different points of views on every subject .
not too long ago my mom had bought an inflatable exercise bean .
plus in todays world if everything was censored there would be nothing left not even church because everyone has there own opinion and there own belief .
since <location> is <num> hours ahead of <location> .
computers help people keep in contact with others .
this shows how much she misses home .
another obstacle was the safety .
so one day my brother has this idea .
computers are the ultimate way communicate .
<caps> three examples show that family is the most important thing .
mother nature has its great benefits when your career is all about science .
the bus ride usually takes like an hour to school but today it only felt like thirty minutes .
so in my opinion there are some things that should and should not be removed from a library .
a patient person experiences difficulties without complaining most people are impatient these days .
it part of life though .
in conclusion i think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad .
it was actually funny .
in this essay i will explain why it is bad to spent too much time on computers .
i say running inside .
all of these can lead to different things like going or .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
if people are so offended then they should just stay away from the books that the certain author writes .
computers also play in a social role .
<caps> has told me stories and showed me videos about that cat a million times before .
he was a very shy guy so he never wrote back on a piece of paper .
all of our cheeks hurt by the end of <time> .
some people have to be on the computer all day .
we made it to the booth .
to start off it had happened about some time during the <date> .
the best part is that <caps> is free .
dear <person> <caps> i am writing this letter to inform you that i think computers are a smart investment for a couple of reasons .
if every person took off a book that they thought was offensive there would be no books left .
also many laws <caps> airships flying low in urban areas .
computers have positive affects in this way .
they provide the public in another way to find a new or another job .
we all see kids laughing and enjoying books about pretty ponies and little puppies .
<caps> when i finally got out of line i stood by the gate and watched my sister cheer .
i think that laughter is one of the rare simple joys in life .
especially on the <time> of <caps> <caps> .
the first problem the architects faced was the docked dirigibles placing too much stress on the building .
it brings them together and helps them reconnect with each other .
<caps> part of the mood was happiness .
but that only killed a hour so then i decided to watch a movie .
the first books material is very well written and <month> have offensive material in it here and there .
i looked around see people hurry by me looking for their next bus or person to pick them up .
about two weeks past and my uncle <caps> invited me to one of his stand up comedy shows .
and then when you finish lunch you can go out ride and play .
they do not display actual happenings or thoughts for the most part .
i was patient when i was waiting for my football game .
i also believe that many stories and movies inspire us to be better people and to reach for our dreams .
people also look up a lot of stuff that involves school .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and happy .
i do not think that censorship is a good idea for any sort of material on a shelf .
after <num> hours we finally got into the ride .
far in the distance was a light .
its also very important to relationships .
so <person> seen him and asked if he wanted to sit with her so he did .
we want children to mature without the lies that everyone lives this way .
i strongly disagree .
when i was in fourth grade and i was going to a concert and i had to be very patient .
over <percent> of the families in our town own at least one computer .
in addition to this <percent> of teachers at <organization> believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn .
finding a great family movie to watch is the best feeling ever .
what we ready to do whatever is needed .
two main obstacles builders faced during construction were safety in nature .
if they would like to express some adult subjects in their work that is their choice .
immediately i decided to lighten the dank feeling in the room by starting a name game .
we as humans have the birth given right of making our own decisions .
my favorite is the overweight problem .
my mom is very patient .
the setting affects the cyclist because hes in the middle of nowhere with no water .
its almost like isolation from the world .
i was standing and waiting for my turn .
i go and say hi to my family and friends .
thats represented when the hibiscus is in bloom .
every time i look up these poems i have to accept an agreement that i am comfortable with <caps> violent or hateful content .
it can help you cheer up your best friend to be happy .
laughter <caps> <caps> <caps> laughter i believe can snatch me out of the awful crater which i hide away in .
this is a time when i was patient .
in a library you have the right to have an open mind .
the law stated that no airships could fly to low in urban areas .
they see the cover that intrigue them .
the mood of the passage is loving and grateful .
so in the end they have mad a home and a <caps> relationship together and with other people .
they <month> not know right from wrong .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
the law said that airships could not fly too low over urban areas making it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building .
this is a very black and white problem against allowing dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
even before constructing the mooring mast on top of the building the roof had to be completed .
sometimes the winds were too strong for the blimps to get close enough without being punctured .
authors should be able to write about whatever they choose to write about .
the <caps> of <organization> by <person> was seen as a very offensive work for a long period of time .
recently i was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for <caps> a process that would take a human weeks .
this meant that they would have to rearrange the frame to make it work .
let alone someone who is going through something almost <caps> difficult .
too much computer time can make even the nicest person extremely aggressive .
they can make you uncomfortable .
i slowly began to realized they had stopped and i tried to come to an immediate halt .
you can buy stuff at store by the comfort of your home .
she was better than i expected .
builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempt to moor a dirigible
my made us a good breakfast .
he brought with him the love of cooking .
the buildings frame would have to be strengthened and modified to accommodate the situation .
because there were so many people waiting we had to wait along with them .
thinking of this and making sure not to damage the computer are ways to increase responsibility .
this also shows that she thinks with more time to get used to her new home that she will be able to pass the test .
nature was also a large obstacle .
mom that our favorite song .
we cant take something away from the people who love it just because someone is unhappy .
as years pasted things gradually got worse between my brothers and myself .
there are many holes being dog while computers one still being used and bought .
from many thoughts and arguments people disagree with the school libraries .
her birthday was in a couple of weeks .
the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
trying to connect with my sister was a challenge for me .
offensive is a relative word .
the next day went by and i could not wait until <caps> the next day .
people spend more time staring at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family .
this shows how grateful they were .
libraries need money so that they can buy new materials and without customers they have no money which enables them unable to buy new materials .
i always have lame jokes so i was nervous about telling it to his parents .
that is my opinion about censoring things from libraries .
they would have to us <money> worth of modifications to strengthen the buildings framework .
it was a very long time before the laughter died down .
another obstacle the builders faced was most dirigibles from outside of the u .
its just one right after another it wont stop .
some books are offensive but there books and a library is there to provide books .
these obstacles included safety and availability .
<caps> local library closes at <time> pm .
i am patient when i go hunting .
there are also websites you can go on too communicate with people from all around the world .
suddenly i could not help my self .
so they both knew that it would have never have worked out because of their age .
whenever we are walking down a street i cannot help but to smile .
he was happy there and always had people around him who loved and cared for him .
those are some of the obstacles the builders had to face to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
the next obstacle they faced was nature and its winds .
at time when i was patient was when i went to <caps> <caps> .
when she feels more at home is when she will be ready to take the test again .
this shows that it is quite hot outside by the month stated .
the computers can also teach you in a way you might never have thought of .
and how all culture just came together as great solidarity and friendship doubt to when overt racism was norm and segregation prevailed in united <organization> .
the memoir created a family love which every person longs for in life .
the other half we would have make a fantastic project using the inspiration of each other to get the work done .
my mom said <caps> hes not here in two minutes we have to go with out him .
in my life laughter has helped me threw the hardest situations and made them a lot better .
it was <caps> funny me and <caps> started laughing as loud as possible .
landing the dirigibles would be a hard task .
at first it was flat road which the speaker was happy with and he had a smile on .
and thank you for having time to read this .
books can always be amazing things in how they take us to whole new worlds and how they enlighten us to new ideas we <month> have never thought about before .
no one can say what offends everyone .
they need to get outside get some exercise .
the mood created my the author was happy .
they were all proud and happy with everyone coming together as a family .
i felt my guard go up .
the only problem with the doctor is that she is even more boring .
this greatly reduces parent stay of their children living in a foreign country .
my stay in <location> was a blur .
the mooring mask of the empire state building became nothing more than an attraction for sightseers .
if certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects .
the hostages of the computer cant even sped time with their families .
the setting is one of the most important elements in a story .
book burning is a horrible action by any person .
these are some of the major obstacles the architects faced .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the mast .
we used floating balls and swam from base to base .
since had or ion i jumped out of my dad and woke my dad up and went to the mom .
patience means being understanding and tolerant .
computers have helped todays life for a few different reasons .
at the time it was probably for an hour and a half waiting .
the speed limit was 55 mph .
been for computers and <organization> .
some people my be funnier than others but everyone has a sense of humor within them .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i had to put the clutch in all the way and make sure it was in neutral .
i think that kids will be better off learning about things that they need to know by the time middle school starts .
if someone wants to read it i think they have right to because it is their own choice .
talk to your relatives from <location> and you can shopping without the waiting in line .
i stood there and waited .
any of these websites can ford photos to their mobile device .
also they help with your school and job work .
me and my mom went on stake line tack .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
let the person in search of answers pick it up or leave it behind .
in <location> we practice freedom of speech .
my uncle was standing near by when it happened and he called the ambulance .
<caps> one person <month> deem inappropriate could be viewed as totally fine with another person .
the whole time we were going to the bath room me and <caps> were just laughing so hard .
at first the pain of those three thousand miles was devastating .
we need to have more books like what the teacher was trying to teach us .
i guess all that waiting really payed off .
another reason why books should not be removed is people are taught when to tell that something is offensive .
or you could use the computer for school work or for work .
so we had to wait a really long time .
the many different memories in the this memoir gave a mood of love and happiness .
laughter in a relationship the most important thing in a relationship is laughter .
because that first town had looked like nobody has been in it for years .
but one day after school it arrived .
without a doubt she said .
from different websites .
here is a story when i was very patient .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
computers can help you so much if you need an answer .
this story makes me think of my dad because when things go wrong he can always make a joke or find the bright side of the story .
computers can be put to good use for many different things .
that is how the area the cyclist enters affects him .
i actually had a lot of fun .
people need to know the true meaning of what is being said .
why should things that bother other people be removed when they are not hurting anything or anybody .
i think that in all grade schools and middle schools should have no books that have censorship in them .
neither of the dirigibles that tried to moor could because of wind and other buildings .
this is a fun activity to learn a little more about people and to help <person> to remember our names .
although the idea to dock dirigibles to the building sounded good many things could of gone wrong .
<caps> if they actually took this up with higher authorities .
would you rather talk on the phone or computer .
the stress being added to the empire state building and nature itself were the two main obstacles for the builders .
the speed limit was 55 mph .
we all started to relax and think that the day was going to be good now .
also the winds were always too high so they would never be able to connect the blimp to the building .
also the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose .
i solemnly read on and was filled with a sense of family .
for example in paragraph <num> .
it seamed like we would never get there it was not the best experience .
i never said one word to anyone .
with him thinking about this it made him forget about the heat .
on things around the world .
hes taught people that <percent> <organization> the time if you get out and have fresh air your life will be so much better .
it seemed like it took so long to ask my mom a question if she was in the same room as my brother .
reading and watching a certain movie is all up to you not what others say .
just like me most of my life i lived an apartment and saw it as any other home because of the parents you have there that care for you .
it was <date> and <person> was in class messing around at his desk like usual .
this was yet another obstacle the workers faced .
<caps> and my cousins would always race down the street with our bikes .
the show you how to get to a certain destination .
most of the news can be very offensive .
he fell like a rock .
i think if they want adult type material they should have a section just for adults .
we also have six girls including me .
numerous flight simulators and driving simulators are available on the consumer market .
so by saying that she will take the test again when it is budding is like saying she will take the test again when its budding again .
these people are spending hours and hours in front of a computer getting heavier every day .
many people are going home and turning on their computer instead of doing their homework or studying .
such as <caps> or <caps> .
but many people are abusing the <caps> and not <caps> when to get off .
i woke up in the morning to the smell of pancakes .
it took him about an hour he typed papers .
<caps> here were sitting on her bed telling each other some jokes to pass time away .
it was then that i had stumbled upon a book that looked incredibly interesting .
they now had to add over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the building .
i think <person> saying is that she wants to keep all books on the shelf because she said you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
one time i was patient was when my brother broke his arm .
i help in any way shape or form .
sadly the the road was all muddy which caused me to fall straight onto my butt .
so i started to ask her some questions as we waited .
this proves that the cyclist is very hot due to the summer heat .
younger people will stop coming because materials will be less interesting .
if you needed to ask them a question about the homework they could answer it .
kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects .
books have been around for centuries .
books are what have taught all of us .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
the first thing was safety .
not just by talking on the phone .
there are people who hate change .
<caps> <caps> laughter is a powerful tool when you know how to use it .
joy came to my mind also because they had welcoming arms to there family .
so the fail is slowing her down .
the architects could not simile drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
she said there was a contest for the whole seventh grade .
i agree with that statement .
i said did you remember to get every thing .
the computer is very useful when it comes to school .
now <caps> was gone .
this quote states his feelings on what was going on through his head while he was dieing of thirst .
so that is how you be patient .
all the features of the setting put together can lead to major trouble .
in <caps> <num> it says the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened .
he of course was soaking all the attention in .
then i saw her again .
we can learn about different places in the world .
because they are all ways to express ourselves .
we gathered in the noisy restaurant and were seated in an area sectioned off for more privacy .
the bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal .
i was a sophomore at the time and that language had been bugging me for the past ten years .
i think computers are a great way to have fun .
it takes a hour to get there so i knew we were going to be late and not be able to meet me drivers and sit in their cars .
<person> <caps> a very patient person .
the cyclist would be fine if he would have had more water for his trip .
your family can make parties .
this means that any little spark inside the dirigible would send it up in flames .
i was still hungry so we got <caps> .
i believe the author ended the story with that paragraph to create a sense of wonder .
every day i waited at the mail box hoping my letter would come .
it must have been very hard to construct the mooring mast .
i wanted to ride the thunder hawk and the line took like for a whole hour .
then it took us six hours to get to <location> .
the builders of the empire state building faced several obstacles throughout the building procedure .
also should be socializing with friend .
but we all know its good to be patient and to have patience .
it would take longer to get it from a computer than an activity .
if you get rid of the books that keep us entertained then there will be nothing left on the shelves for any of us .
on the computer one can go to a search sight and type in my place in the whole world .
the employee pointed her towards the flower .
everyone has their on thoughts on things .
these things should be disposed of so our minds will be clean and the minds of future generations will be clean also .
businessmen walk past looking like identical mindless penguins .
even if they are offensive they can teach young teenagers about their past .
our state does put in <money> each year for our parks just so we can ignore them .
there are times that you spend with another individual that will makes steps towards sticking together .
there are millions of books and other media in libraries all across the world .
she said her parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love for cooking that is still me today .
<caps> in libraries should remain the same as it is now .
many people say that the people who laugh more live longer .
he was wearing khaki pants and a white shirt with blue pinstripes .
the term <caps> judge a book by its cover is true sometimes .
censorship covers an entire multi media spectrum of what is bad and good censorship .
computers are a main factor in the vast increase in obesity rates .
there should be certain limits though .
the mood created by the author is very happy and grateful throughout the memoir .
they can also correct spelling mistakes as well as prevent mistakes in legibility .
i packed and waited .
<caps> quote shows the impact that people have on generations to come .
it is a good way for people to get to know you .
a computer has made the life of a school student so much easier .
this set up is often used in well known book stores and libraries such as <caps> and <caps> and <caps> .
this show that the flower help her feel better show that she will do it again .
this is important because it shows that the author fondly remembers his childhood .
i took my homework home with me .
i came to a hard problem every once in a wile and i would stress out .
<caps> we pulled up to get a parking spot .
the last obstacle was laws against airships flying too low over urban areas .
the computer has a lot of games you ran play on so it would keep you doing something .
let me throw out an example to you .
at that point i was inpatient .
the road made traveling even harder to do and caused the cyclist to have a very rough time .
also you can learn about new places if you ever want to move to another country .
and the biggest detail you want to know is the cost and the computer can usually give you a close to exact price for everything .
all around the world people are laughing at this very moment and bonding by it .
computers must stay a fundamental part of our every day .
thats what matters .
same with many other people .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy and good thoughts .
almost anything like these could be considered offensive .
so my mom was on the computer .
another obstacle was public expectations .
<caps> waited a total of <num> hours and <num> minutes .
there are kids who think of these things so much they begin to think it is cool to point guns and knives at other kids .
most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health .
laughter is <caps> my middle school years .
laughter plays an important role in everyones lives .
i stood there with a kid above my head and my pants at my ankles .
<caps> you make someone laugh and they make you laugh then you are with the one and only true person .
i would have learned nothing instead of learning how people lived in <location> history .
if <caps> wish to use computers there are rules that need to be applied as well .
<caps> could use it for <caps> related <caps> <caps> could use it for <caps> <caps> .
another mood that was created was the mood of being proud .
<caps> it came to night fall we were all in <caps> room playing <caps> <num> .
cause i am not affected at all i got use to it .
we do not deserve offensive books that have bad things in them .
but other people have no patient at all .
i am writing this essay to you to tell you .
that is why people use computer for research .
also you can talk to friend .
<caps> is happy that <caps> grew up in <location> and how grateful <caps> is to them for passing down their traits and loves to him and all their hard work .
one obstacle was that the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
the mood of this piece is graciousness and happiness .
these library materials are all part of the worlds past and all have a bigger story behind it which has an even bigger story behind it and so on .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
after all those obstacles they could finally build the mooring mast
and learn about new things everyday .
but at the same time there not so healthy to you and your family .
when we found him we asked for bolt cutters .
during that time we would find out new things about each other .
another is a connection of her past experiences .
the last reason is that there is a law prohibiting airships flying too low over urban are urban areas .
its faster than skimming through twenty books .
its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country .
here are some ways how .
time and time again the author shows his gratitude toward his parents for making life for him growing up special in a loving atmosphere .
the world would not survive with out laughter .
one day he went out and bought a whole bunch of my favorite candy .
the violent wind currents throughout the city affected the plan .
<caps> and myself were the only ones laughing and we just clicked .
the last obstacle was the law .
well that is not all true .
the obstacles that the builder faced is making sure that the building was stable enough .
you can type in any question or place into a search engine and instantly get results .
my other reason to you why people use websites is for <caps> messaging .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
it should have to be your parents decision to see if your ready or not .
hunting have in patience in it .
i was <caps> happy that i got my pool .
they played video games instead of cleaning and mom got mad .
a production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them .
this can help make new friends or make friendships closer and cause less problems .
many people can say they have .
one main problem is safety .
theres no need to take the words out .
yelled my baby cousin <person> from across the room .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
next they how it happen you say .
those are all hobbies most people enjoy doing .
i tackle <caps> sister <caps> the ground .
there are many way you can get this information .
this law made it illegal for a dirigible to dock at the empire state building .
this again saw how grateful the author is .
in the story winter hibiscus written by <caps> ho .
to and if they cant find the book they want they might start crying .
everyone should be able to watch what ever they want with out it having to be censored .
since the computer <percent> of tree cutting has stopped .
the paragraph shows how she wants to adapt to the new country .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
i will always remember all the fun i had that day and the great accomplishment .
it has made me a much happier person .
memoirs have a certain mood that the author usually works around with .
each night as i left i could hear the family laughing and talking about how great the day was and how much fun we were having .
some people <month> like reading graphic novels or things like that .
my second reason is kids might have to look important things up .
with this thought i think it will come down to either everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to no library at all .
the narrator tried the test once and failed .
the last obstacle would be the dirigibles were filled with oxygen instead of helium .
its better that children learn at a young age and just trying to keep things from them will make them want it more .
this idea goes the same for everything found at a library .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is generosity .
these machines get our messages and vices to people who can be all the way across the world in just a few seconds .
he talks about how his parents had to start over again with their lives to come to <location> .
different subjects offend different people and taking away a book or movie because <caps> offends one person should not happen .
this suggest to me that she was probably home sick .
laughter was everywhere and smiles stretched across the faces of all of us .
one example is most dirigibles from the outside the united states used hydrogen .
the title of worlds tallest building .
one thing he talked about was how his landlords daughter was his first babysitter and first friend .
everyone has a favorite book .
they went through problems because they were not sure if the dirigibles would fit .
the cyclist might pass out or suffer a heat stroke .
this <caps> the mood as thankful because <caps> is thankful for all they have done and <caps> could never be more courageous than them .
and he is talking about thy are all so close nit .
one way the cyclist is affected is when they have to cross the hills and plains .
my mom and i waked in the target nearby to get some supplies and do some errands .
another obstacle was use of mooring mast was nature itself .
<caps> a while she found out that she was a dollar short .
those who borrow anything at the library <month> have the right to bring that special book or movie to the attention of those in charge .
censorship is not always a good thing for children or anyone for that matter
the right to remove a book off of a shelf is not good thing to do .
these are the obstacles the builders had when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
till this day i still laugh about my boyfriends hair and how it looked that day .
the computer only benefits you in a way .
when working on the <caps> you get distracted .
it was worth the wait .
from my experience i have seen people complain about these things .
so the author gives you inspiration to help you continue to live your life
<caps> a local environmentalist .
so here i was on the stage still staring at the audience all done thinking about how i got here .
we pretended that the grass was lava and the concrete was a place for break dancing in cave man days .
people would be stressed out all the time .
whether or not you playing games or typing articles your eyes <month> strain to keep up with a small font on a website .
the law prohibited any aircraft flying too low over urban areas .
the setting in the story greatly affected the cyclist .
i moaned to <caps> mother .
there are millions of sites containing such content .
last <date> i went with some friends to the <organization> <caps> <organization> .
people would start to cut down on the amount of time they spend on their computers and start to live .
it had a huge pool shaped like a guitar .
the rich skill of cooking was passed on to him .
the definition of a classic is a piece of writing that has stood the test of time .
another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called <caps> .
in that way they wont need censorship
the builders did not think of what would happen to the dirigibles if something went wrong .
if the winds were this rapid the back of the dirigible would be swinging around freely .
after this he was nearly over powered by devastating hills and dehydration was slowly creeping up on him as well .
all that is a computer .
after we finally stopped laughing and went to go check on him and he looked really confused about what just happened .
artists write about what they love and how they feel .
she was dressed in a white and pink dress with matching pink heels and her hair was all done up fancy .
without imagination what fiction would there be for children to read .
not being violent or cursing after everything you say is not going to hurt anyone .
i helped with the preschoolers for the week and that required a lot of patience .
it is important to know the pros and cons of computers .
a large snake it really did look like a diamond back .
computers are making people unhealthy .
here is my conclusion .
we scrubbed and scrubbed until all the red paint from the side of the the building was gone .
most of use portables which goes back to my last paragraph .
the builders of the empire state building faced a few obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the computer is very helpful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy .
the balloon was unable to dock due to potential damage it could cause to itself and the surrounding city .
bring back the feelings of what the library brought to you when you were a child .
the empire state building is one of the tallest buildings ever built .
one day we were in a line at cedar point for the speed racer .
from reading this story the setting does not do any good for him other than the general store he finds in the end .
he was saving up his energy and his water .
throughout the next two weeks i saved money up for six flags .
it was too risky to invest on such an unsure project .
you could understand more about plants and animals .
another obstacle was nature .
this is the main reason that people become socially depressed .
those are so examples of how <person> changed the mood thought out him memoir .
my friend <caps> dropped nachos on my couch .
it is unfair to prevent someone from learning about a certain subject simply because one or two other people oppose the content .
so those are some obstacles builders faced in building the empire state building to dock blimps .
the material is not serious enough .
also hes running out of water and becoming dehydrated .
its just that easy .
they told me that i was lucky to get out of school early for <caps> break .
their greatest reason was one of safety for the passengers and pedestrians below in the city .
that is how the setting affected the cyclist during his trip
when the hibiscus will budding she will take the test again .
<caps> ever i get the chance i <caps> my best buddies instead of using the computer .
the different settings greatly affected his nature of confidence .
to the past stressed because i never had a to just relax and think about things i computer doing something or homework .
he was losing his strength .
i hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society .
the first obstacle the builders had encountered was the use of hydrogen in most dirigibles outside the united states .
the setting effects the cyclist in many ways .
nothing has stopped them from living life how they chose .
taking books out of the libraries will not change anything .
<person> always waited his turn with something and shared .
in order for this to work the builders would have to strengthen the steel frame of the building .
using led weights to secure the back would not be safe or practical .
people at libraries fight over a book .
<person> states that we will have no books left of the shelf to read if everyone removes a book they do not approve of .
me and my brother started yelling back .
there were so many girls trying out that i was nervous for what team i was going to get on or if i even would make a team .
so with that they could not put the mooring mast on top of the building yet until they did some major adjustments .
fewer people went out to admire its beauty .
<person> reached <person> and immediately burst into roaring laughter .
it shows that you have to be thankful for the sacrifices people make for you .
my mother was starting to get drowsy so i stayed up and started talking to her about random subjects .
when you can just open up a word document and type it up .
their is also a lot of love in the mood of the book because there are lots of mentions of family .
this would not be fair to the people who wrote the books and to those who like them .
i have a cousin who is <num> and he plays games on it all the time he even knows how to search something on the computer .
use a real dictionary .
she means she will not have her head down and be grateful of her new home and it with time .
and by next year when the flowers bloomed she would more determined and ready for the test again .
the media draws its attention to captivate our children .
kids are not getting any fresh air or exercise and this can lead to serious health conditions .
it shows her wilt and blossom again when she tells her mother the news about the test .
another obstacle the builders faced was nature itself .
yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you .
he was extremely proud and grateful to his parents to teach him all these .
when i got there we pretty much just watched <location> in awkward silence .
the very last line says i will take that test again .
also when he came across the tumbleweeds and the large snake he tried to avoid them .
one little law change in <caps> could cause great negative changes in the future .
another obstacle the builders experienced during this process was the already existing law not allowing airships to fly too low over urban areas .
this task would be easy because using a single cable to lower the mast would add a great deal of stress to the buildings frame .
i believe that without laughter this world would not be the place that <caps> is today .
the entire team of eighteen <caps> or so met up at <location> house about a week before districts .
still smiling hugely <person> leans over to me and gave me a perfect kiss .
that is a time when i was patient .
my friend <person> often hope from school and goes straight up to to use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents .
he makes it seem like not having any money is the best way to live .
of course during the car ride we got stopped by construction so we decided to jump out of the car and do a <caps> fire drill around it .
this is the kind of violence children read about all around the <caps> .
after phoning the school we discovered that my bus had been in a minor accident so i had to be driven to school that day .
the hydrogen gas most places used to fuel there dirigibles made them highly flammable .
plants that she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back to into her childhood world .
they follow what technology to make life <caps> .
there were no buildings or people to the town anywhere .
i would wait forever for you so we continued talking .
so if your patient you will probably get what you want .
lightning struck the giant oak that stood tall and proud in my papas backyard that day .
my second reason compute give people ability to learn about faraway places and people .
this ending also shows how much of an effect the winter hibiscus had on her .
something thats really good for communicating is video chat .
they also had the problem if the dirigible hit something or caught fire by its hydrogen gas .
all the girls in our school cant get enough of me .
thats because laughter and fun go hand in hand .
it is just another natural emotion any person is born with .
in this case i strongly disagree with the critics and for my side of good uses .
taking that away is very serious .
do you want to be unhealthy in life if not go outside and take a walk .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they started to mess with her mind .
computers give you access to talking with your friends .
<caps> led him to listening to a <caps> metal band called <caps> <caps> .
it was an older school with kids that mostly lived in lower income housing at the time .
he said one of his goats had gotten out .
laughter is truly an essential part of life .
so we packed up all of our bags and headed out .
thats the kind of mood in this memoir .
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home .
computers can keep friends together and save families from drifting apart .
this statement shows what the author concludes about the story .
this memoir gives me a sort of cozy and comfortable feeling .
most of the material is helpful and enjoyable but some is not .
it stands for the ocean .
she was so use to plants being free and growing rather than seeing them in pots and not having the room to grow .
the library should not have the right to take inspiration away from the readers hand .
most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis .
every body cheered and chanted because won by two points .
the setting very much affects the cyclist .
the setting around the cyclist affected him in one main way .
it also states that he went along with a few drops of water through the tumbleweeds .
it went through <num> appointments .
the favor that <person> had <caps> <person> for was if he could laugh for her .
the computer also offers video of pretty much anything on t .
another obstacle that was encountered was bad weather conditions .
the hibiscus is a lucky charm to her to keep during the test to strive her to pass the test .
i believe that people should be able to choose what content they decide to read and let their children read .
computers can help with a lot of things .
i like rock and metal music just because rap is a little offensive .
to this day i still feel an empty space in my heart <caps> my best friend once was .
this sent us into a panic more that anything .
endless celebrations all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship .
that aspect of her life always made me feel a little bad for her .
this is a story about a time i was patient .
oh what about the fact that his adoptive .
the main element in our memorable moments is laughter .
going outside and enjoying nature is peaceful on a nice sunny clay .
the third obstacle was the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i got so tired from being on the computer for so long i took a nap .
this mood is great and shows anyone can be happy .
this one reason why many people use computer .
they are now happily engaged .
the first problem is hydrogen is what was used in dirigibles and it is extremely flammable .
we bought some clothes together and finally ended up in a book store .
the day approached and we woke early to pack our bags and pack the car .
without computers this would will be nothing .
what if thats the only way they know how to express themselves .
the greatest obstacle that was faced was the use of the mooring mast with nature itself .
<caps> kids use the computer in order to do their history projects .
so i prayed and prayed but i fell or heard nothing back .
i was waiting in line to pay for some earphones .
then the racers were off to race .
he was only a couple years older than me .
i hope you liked my story .
how cool is that <caps> reading this letter and sharing it to your company i believe that you should support my cause .
parents <caps> <caps> <caps> i believe that certain materials should not be shown .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because it is to hot .
so i realized that i can go on the computer at the library .
these precautions would have to be taken which were obstacles for the empire state building .
one life skill you can learn is how to type .
read in to the minds of the students and see what we have to say on this topic .
at that point i was practically crying from laughing so hard .
i think offensive music has an effect on the violence that actually occurs in todays society because there might be some racism .
it was an unwise decision to dock at this area if the dirigible would be blown around the building .
for some reason my dad and uncle thought it was so funny that they made her say it over and over again in a rime .
computers are horrible when it comes to this topic .
computers are a good way to talk to friends that you <month> not see often or just to talk at the appropriate time .
without computers our society would not be so far advanced .
nevertheless computers are fun to go on like playing addicting games .
and it was a sense of comforting to her after she failed her driving test .
the architects easily overcame this obstacle .
while we are finding the eggs our parents are taking them and hiding them again .
this gives you an image of what the bike rider feels physically and emotionally .
so if you take away the thing we like what will we have to do after school when we go to the <caps> .
one obstacle faced by the builders was involved with the structure of the building .
the next time the setting affect is used is when he comes for a building that was rusted out .
but the hills were sure to play with his mind .
<caps> said that he had to go so he wanted to teach us a handshake that he made up .
music i will said yes and no because some time music is not good but some time people need music to do they work .
well they are all great ways to communicate with people using the computer .
for this particular game you had to shake hands and share your first and last name with your partner along with one interesting fact about yourself .
i never laughed so hard in my life on that ride home .
i heard <caps> music and learned some <caps> .
first off we would not be able to do some of the things we do without computers .
a lot of teenagers have no patience .
you are setting an example and being considerate .
its kinda funny how much patient she has .
allowing viewers to make comments about the material could also be very helpful .
<person> secretly left his house and went because he was curious .
after breakfast <person> got dressed to go home .
censorship allows certain books to be removed from the shelves of a library if a certain person finds the book to be offensive .
i want to be that re-leaving feeling that everything will be all right .
i believe she is right .
<person> was getting was getting closer .
computers negatively affect the way people live outside the virtual world .
<caps> laugh tell you cry .
which was that the world was <caps> to end back in the year two-thousand because everyone thought that the world was going to end .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a loving mood .
i ask people would be able to interact with their family and friends from different towns .
it has been <num> hours and my dad has not come back yet .
so they decided to make the building shorter .
well in conclusion i agree with the fact that because of the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and do not interact with their family .
the are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world .
the empire state building was surrounded by other extremely tall buildings and most of them had long spires on top .
there was also another problem .
have you gain weight just from staying on the computer for too long .
my niece and nephew is just one example .
the computer is a technology that has come to make daily life simple .
there was no area of suitable landing for dirigibles .
this sounds very complicated but at least we are doing as much as possible for trying not to expose anyone to anything they are to young for .
the same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away .
there is a lot of people who take a long time to catch on .
when we started eating <person> told me to tell the joke to his parents i said <caps> .
i felt like i could begin to breath a little and have fun .
i soon found out that we were the last to perform and it was at least five hours long .
the author concludes the story with that particular paragraph for a number of reasons .
the workers building the empire state building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there .
i believe we should still use computers .
the strong winds would make the dirigible swing and constantly shift .
setting a book on a shelf with offensive language does not cause harm to anyone .
next you should post this out on you news paper .
this connects to the hibiscus because in the winter the plant dies but then come spring its pretty and blossoms again .
my mom and dad were still sleeping .
in that point of view you could see why parents are getting upset about inappropriate items on the shelves .
that was just the beginning of what was yet to come .
especially with my dad .
as soon as the next day we were on a plane heading to <location> .
as the readers of these books we need to know what point of view this is coming from and not choose a book that goes against our personal beliefs .
when i have patient is when i go out to eat .
the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
or you can just keep in touch with friends that so to a different school .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratitude and happiness .
everyone finds different things offensive .
i think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves .
not ever after one rise ball almost hit the ceiling .
i feel that we should all take a stand against computers .
<caps> makes the story happy by saying how great it was to grow up with his family .
the first night passed as i slept in the uncomfortable humidity .
in summary patience is one way element to life .
your culture is a part of the mood of the story .
teachers say the same thing too .
to catch a ball you need hand-eye coordination .
contained hydrogen rather than helium .
<caps> prevents that so you can always talk to them .
the library would be pointless .
another place is the <caps> .
also we got ice cream after we ate .
i was in the process of preparing myself to break up with her .
this was a day when i was patient .
but that is where the idea that these books were not created for them .
some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library .
one day i was watching <caps> .
to them everyone in their neighborhood was their family and they all looked after each other .
i believe this because in the text he says i was going to die and the birds would pick me dead .
<person> was stunned and excited that <organization> wanted her to be his girlfriend .
then we can learn fast without a book .
<caps> was fun being at the park with friend and family just having a fun time eating playing getting wet in park .
time slowed way down .
i had to wait for over an hour just to get on the computer to look information up .
without affection <caps> would be no emotion .
i know the mood is grateful because it says in paragraph <num> i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
children that are not in school or in the early stages of school .
when someone says something offensive in the real world you have to learn to deal with it appropriately and maturely .
it brings a very warm feeling about you .
i believe agreeing with you be a very good choice .
there is also extreme heat which causes him to sweat and even become even more thirsty .
the author also described their friendship with their neighbors .
it was a <organization> .
i told her that only going home would and we laughed a little about it .
everyone who sits at home on the computer cant enjoy this gift that we have been given .
this helped her learn to type .
the games kids play could help them learn more .
people are starting to see no point in going out and doing things because there are more important things to do on the computer .
technology was made to make things easier do we should take advantage of it .
problem is <caps> made <location> go in .
reading is the fundamental basis for each and every school subject .
of course it is good for mind too .
if the dirigible were to catch fire its metal frame could fall to the ground endangering citizens below .
yells mark while trying to get over the fence .
there was no way this was going to work out so they stopped moving forward on this <caps> .
i told her that i was fine .
the builders of the empire state building faced not so many but difficult obstacles .
most of a day got me only half way to my destination so i was forced to stop and rest for the night .
people should not take this censorship ability out of hand .
all of these factors create something new in the cyclist .
the last time she came to see my older brother and i we went bowling .
<caps> is grateful that his parents struggled just to make life easier or better for their children .
four main obstacles prevented dirigibles from ever docking at the empire state building .
<person> had his dad come get him from the party .
one of my best friends mom recently passed away right before <caps> .
everybody does not have the same opinion on censorship .
that content might be a whole other world for a young child .
we stayed these until the park closed .
computers have helped this country grow and prosper .
there are many more up-sides though .
the three things made him drink too much water at first and barely left him with enough .
v guide still nothing .
a censor would just put a negative aspect to the art and literature of the library .
there would be no music to listen to .
if you think that something is too bad for eyes of other people then so be it .
first of all there are many places in the world that not everyone can go to .
the author was serious to the point where his family had to go through economic and personal problems .
my mom said i deserve it after being so patient all day .
those <caps> can get the books and <caps> them to help them solve there problems .
some music today is just extremely bad .
builders had many obstacles to overcome when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
thats what i think .
it was pretty much a normal day .
<caps> house has a counter bar where four to five people can sit at and so <caps> daddy decided to turn on some hip hop music .
if it to graphic for kids put it in the adults area .
the mood created overall was that i felt thankful for my home and family here in <location> .
i got the home work and got an a all thanks to the computers ability to interact with others .
i think that more kids should start interesting with family and friend more often .
until one night all of that was forgotten while <caps> spent the <time> .
computer use is a growing problem .
one can basically find anything there .
from then on we kept talking and she seemed like a cool person .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a mood of admiration .
another obstacle that was faced was the wind pressure .
then it hit <caps> like a ton of bricks .
the next obstacle for docking was the hydrogen gas powering the dirigibles .
these are all feeling the cyclist had because of the setting .
this quote shows that he is happy .
they get the <caps> magazines and drool over how the center fold looks .
in the world there are today there is about <num> billion people .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
so i did some homework .
finally we took off from the tailgate .
the first reason i need to clearly point out is that the computer holds tons of information that cant be found anywhere else .
maybe if my cousin would had been so patient she would have gotten the tickets .
its like a mother begin in your house .
<caps> obstacle was mother nature .
those rooms would be for the books that are easily questionable for younger children .
they get sucked in stressed out and stalked .
right next to me was a branch buried within the embankment .
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
one reason why dirigibles could not moor the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
i have experienced these things as well in my life time .
many people want censorship not just in libraries but in many aspects of life .
at the end of the story he found a bait shop where he got water and better directions .
the architects also met with the president of a recently formed airship transport company that planned to offer dirigible service across the pacific ocean .
after hours i checked to see if my brother was close to being done .
it allows us to type essays and projects .
in the excerpt it states how bad the winds are .
talking drew us even closer .
i know that with the bond of sharing some of the greatest laughs of my life we will continue to stay friends for a long time .
a few months ago i spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours .
no matter how hard its going to be i can do it with patience .
also he was grateful to have his family and friends in his apartment .
he called it the cliffs .
<caps> <caps> said with a huge smile on his face .
my last reason people should not be on the computer for a long time because some people will just seat there and eat food all day .
i believe that it would be wrong to strip those of what they find interesting what they enjoy to read or watch and listen to .
she came back the house was clean .
my second reason is that people go on <caps> or <caps> or use web cams .
thats a time when i was patient .
computers help us expand our knowledge all the time .
all the drama with friends and boyfriends was putting so much weight on our shoulders .
another reason was that there was a law against airships from from flying low over urban areas .
it was used to hide information from the public by taking all records of it away from the publics use .
the mood created in this memoir is very homebound .
those books should not be censored from libraries because of words or ideas that are found offensive .
i nodded my head nervously .
the author created a loving and accepting mood in the memoir .
i feel that there are some positive and some negative effects from using the computer .
i started to spill out all the events of my day in rapid succession .
the fight started over something so small and insignificant that neither of them could remember what it was .
people do have a reason to read books that are offensive .
i keep asking my mom when the dentist would come but <caps> just told me to be patience .
at times she <month> have felt out of place because she was no longer in her comfort zone .
<person> soon found out in their friendship <organization> was scared of of <person> not wanting to be her friend because of all the friends she had already lost .
this was very upbeat and welcoming tune to listen to in the kitchen rather than talking or silence .
only a person who is very thankful will never forget .
it is much easier to log onto a computer and type in a question than search an entire book to find an answer .
a <person> just ended .
next he says that our neighborhood .
by the time i got half way down there i heard him scream and come running out of the fort .
they were all so confused .
the interesting thing is people can be affected by someone indirectly .
that is why i think the mood is love .
people should laugh every day because it makes you feel happy even when you are in a really bad mood .
music is even worse because children can picture what ever they want to based on what is being said in the lyrics .
people should have the right to be able to look at anything that they want in the library
<person> face turned bright red as he watched his girlfriend pay the bill .
the features of the setting made the cyclist more tired and thirsty .
the first campground we arrived at had no open sites so we moved on to the next campground .
this where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing .
i believe people have different views about things .
because people and kids think they need these books to survive in the world .
they should leave the libraries just the way they are .
i believe they <month> be correct .
not just <caps> person should be able to talk for everyone .
the architects and builders had to consult with experts as to how this construction should take place and whether it was safe or not .
one example is when he learned the definition of family .
this made it unsafe and unpractical because the dirigibles would be above pedestrians on the street .
because of all the modifications they would need to make in order to have a mooring mast would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
books and magazines both use words and sometimes pictures to get there point across .
in all that i hope that i made a good point and hope you feel the same way .
being addicted to the computer is too .
my main criteria is someone who can make me laugh .
the architectures and engineers of the empire state building clearly did not look into what was necessary to building the mooring mast .
guiding the dirigible to such a delicate landing would prove to be hazardous with the strong winds .
i recently waited to get to know a students better .
i think that computers are an important part of a persons life because the information found on a computer is very useful .
laugh often to be happy .
the most beautiful thing to me is your laugh .
i stored at the net .
computers also can provide fun games and entertain users .
i go and try to grab the treat back from him and he gulps it down .
therefore starting a fight .
after doing this we were more comfortable with each other and she looked a lot more accepting that i was truly her older brother .
the researchers achieved this data by attaching electrolytes to the patients brain both before and after using the computer .
one of the moods the author set was sympathetic or a sense of sympathy for the parents and how they only could live in a one-room furnished apartment .
he seems to have not really planned how long the ride would be and how to conserve water .
the cyclist is mostly affected by his lack of water .
younger students libraries should be monitored even more carefully .
we were almost to the point were we were going to pee ourselves .
we all enjoyed it very much .
girls believe that everything about a princess is perfect and flawless and to be a princess they also have to be flawless .
the land around the cyclist not only victimized his heath but also caused a poor way to spend a vacation .
we noticed how much we had changed right now from all the funny times we had enjoyed together .
it was hard for me <caps> i managed to keep together and patient .
you could then make comparisons between the way you both live your life .
censorship is a growing problem is todays world of literature .
this could puncture the dirigibles material and cause a horrifying accident .
was like an hour long .
i hate not being able to get out of bed and go places .
the author wants to emphasize that the story is not yet over .
<caps> it also has a homey feeling .
during the day she would wait watching for her mom .
but every one is created the same so treat people the way you wont to be treated .
he seems to have had a very nice childhood and has always thanked his parents for that .
the boy grinned and said ill be right over there .
if this was discussed a lot of time and money would have been saved .
materials that are offensive for some people in my point of view should not be removed from the shelves .
there are different ways of skating people have there ways of skating .
this made him mad and his confidence dropped a lot .
the only light we had was the brilliant glow of the fire .
when she got to me she had a worried expression on her face .
a study shows <percent> of families that go on vacations have strong relationships .
something that someone might find offensive might be interesting to someone else or they might have to do an report or project on it .
i was so upset about leaving my old friends .
advances in technology are great .
nature itself was also a problem .
computers are very beneficial to society .
man this is so hard to be patient .
the excerpt states the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
it also lets people interact with others in a different way .
i could feel the sweat drip off my face .
it makes things last between one another and makes both partners happy .
we are lucky enough today that most large books can be formated onto a computer .
in my opinion people should use the computers but not a lot .
he states that he had a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
missed the first bus the caught the next one .
censorship in the library is to find books for everyone to read .
this problem was taken care of with little stress by simply modifying in strengthening the buildings foundation and frame .
such problems as these created many obstacles for the builders of the empire state building .
all you do is go to <organization> and type in what you want to find .
i pulled down the safety bar .
its not like chewing a piece of gum .
there can also be language that the kids should not read .
i also like to read magazines every once and awhile .
if he were in a different setting like by a river or spring he would just stop and drink from that .
now we have the computer .
the mood also makes me think of what my mom does for her job .
allowing a dirigible land and on the empire state building would be dangerous .
this is how the author creates the mood in the story .
its your choice what to get not theirs .
but it was the best because we all reached that tired state when every little thing was funny .
like when you have to do a speech in front of the class .
<caps> starting out slow then hitting him right where it hurt the most .
i told her many time to calm down everything was going to be alright .
its quicker and a lot more productive .
hopefully others will agree with me too .
i basically screamed at him .
i do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life .
throughout the story it says how she feels out of place just like the winter hibiscus .
i often have a hard time being patient with my mom and dad .
some people use laughter for to release pain .
the long crippling hills are next in line the cyclist has to use all her energy to work up the hill .
my first reason is that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily .
in the kitchen was the backdrop to life in their home .
i hope you consider this .
also could not think for themselves because the <organization> censored everything you could think of .
i was so mad but my mom this kept her eyes on the road .
he asked me why do you have a snake i re plied i saw it cool .
racism happens in books all the time .
computers are a good way to help with your skills .
on the computer talking to people you are going no where on the computer chatting with people it is impossible to read someones expression .
but one time i was so patient that i was about to explode .
quicker to find out information .
the setting of the short cut affected the cyclist in many ways .
there are three main things that can get you in shape .
my friends and i could not agree on where to go swimming though .
plus people need family .
not just because he is my dad .
it was a fight cause l wanted to walk and they said no .
i will never forget how my parents turn this simple house into a home .
as time has changed i have found that people have also changed .
so if you walk in the teenager section and you are looking for a good mystery book .
computers can also be used for amusement .
you get to know and others get to know about you and how you are .
thats a time when i was patient .
then <caps> goes on to talk about how deeply grateful <caps> is towards his parents for all they did for him in great detail .
he falls in love with a man named <person> and begins to have sexual relationships with <caps> of the men in his cell .
family friends enjoy coming along with us on these vacations .
thats why censorship is good in a public place like a library .
or possibly you could be talking to some of your really close friends who live just across town .
one day when i was at my sisters football game .
laughter in many cases has brought people from an absolute low self-esteem to a high self-esteem in a very short amount of time .
but i think that <caps> need to cut down on the use of electronics .
the issue is further complicated by the concept of what is and is not appropriate for children .
another obstacle the builders were faced with was the wind .
as he begin to get hotter and more thirster into giving up .
computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in .
we had all agreed with her at that very moment of time .
its something that we all need in life .
as one can see computers help with hand-eye coordination .
the family invites many people over to their home to have dinner .
i only minimally understood the language and culture of the people surrounding me .
i was so excited almost jumping up had down excited because i love writing and competition .
also they <month> end up getting in trouble in school or at home .
you can search someone or something across the whole world .
the truth about me was that i was diagnosed with gender identity disorder .
even weighing down the zeppelins proposed a threat of a weight falling and killing an innocent person .
the mood in the memoir was very warm and happy .
my attentions for letting him read it are for all the right reasons .
banning books would go against what our country stands for .
after awhile everyone was running out of things to try so people started laying and sitting on bowling balls and then sending a different ball down the lane .
you will end up never spend time with them and you will never call your friends to see what they are up to if you keep on going on the <caps> .
the mood in the story is thankful .
i am always reminded of him when i hear a laugh .
they had to make changes to the existing plans to fit the mooring mast .
but do you see that every day in this generation not at all .
safety was a major obstacle smith had to face while building this building .
anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web .
then she finally answered the question .
then i looked ahead .
hubs for the public .
readers can also can conclude that the harsh setting of the essay greatly affected the cyclist
this made it illegal to try and dock at the empire state building .
i person should have their opinion and the choice to be able to read what they like .
i remember a time when i was patient .
the setting affected the cyclist greatly throughout his ride .
that is why computers are good and we need them .
the bad times that have occurred through my life are when family member have died .
most of the time people wont even have the book their looking either have to go out and buy get one from the library .
i was patient in <organization> which was really hard to do .
they give you details on why to visit it and a fair price .
but he did the regular put the thing that goes in my ear and the thermometer that goes on my tongue .
patience is an important thing .
we were having a very good time .
he dose eventually reach a town were he finds signs of life .
now <caps> is no ordinary armadillo .
you are just too young for this book .
the risk of any of these things happening is very high .
we waited there for a long time .
more than half the world have these communication source because one it easier and you get more of your mind .
it would also be taking away the artists or authors freedom of speech and expression .
the narrator is describing the life he grew up in .
they always came over and had dinner babysat him and every thing that is why it is love .
the causation of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended their television or video games .
we all need to learn just a little more about how to keep it .
or even go to our local library .
they could easily catch on fire and harm many innocent people .
i think am about to snap .
everyone has different opinions and likes .
dear local newspaper i support the advances in technology .
his parents are loving people and so is <location> .
i will pick your partners .
flat land is much easier for a cyclist to pedal on .
when parents get movies they try and keep those scenes hidden from their children .
people sit inside all day instead of going outside to enjoy nature .
the nature also was conflict to the project .
most perfect days in peoples teenage years are in the <date> beyond the stress of school .
my next period was drama .
three out of five homework assignments are on the computer .
features of the setting like hills and deserts dehydrates a
music is an even larger gateway to mental damage then movies are .
the only time they let us stay long is when we maybe doing a project for school .
these skills <month> be needed in their job field .
this means that the day is hot and running out of water .
nature is beautiful .
even see the data collected .
if one has ever been prohibited from doing something due to age or size the feeling is not pleasant .
his memoir shows his past life and how he felt about it .
we sat there drank coffee and ate pancakes .
the last way the computer helps out the its with box from there .
the architects modified plans to strengthen the steel frame of the building enough so that it could handle the added stress of a mooring mast .
my heart was beating like a race car engine .
he ends up getting lost .
and this is only the beginning of what our lives would like without the computer .
shadows slithered across the street by the lamp light of passing cars and pedestrians .
she said she was going as fast as she could and that we were only a few minutes away from home .
this <caps> the mood thankful because <caps> is thankful to his parents for their love and sacrifice .
i found one for eight hundred that was perfect for what i wanted .
this all happened because she was addicted to a website .
i believe the whole issue is that the machine itself distracts you from other things in your life that is also as enjoyable on it is .
you can just <caps> chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes .
when riding a bike the features around you can affect the cyclist .
my mother could not take it anymore .
it helps build a strong person and also builds character to yourself .
the boy learned to be patient and wait for the enemy to strike first .
this tells you that the road is very rough .
i took the long buss ride home .
you wont get a lot of sleep and wont be able to concentrate .
the first girl asked .
talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill .
being a high school student and having a nice library in my school i have learned a lot from the books in my library .
computers give you the information that you need .
she was coming town my row next .
it makes the bond between you and others stronger .
the was like ten pieces of her hair stuck in the car door .
for example hunting you sit and wait for a deer to come .
all of that time we were waiting me and my mom were talking things .
i do not believe that certain materials should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found offensive .
one way the setting affected the cyclist way when it got hot and the rider was running out of water .
he appreciated how his parents taught him the true meaning of family .
this helps people to be more educated and updated with the world around them .
because there were no towns on the road it made it very difficult for him to find water which led him into a dehydrated state .
com and many more websites .
most technologies that are not as good computers will be popular without computers .
you cant just leave it on the shelf because it could be offensive to someones cultural beliefs or seem inappropriate to the youth .
the winds atop the building were constantly shifting .
the <organization> uses computers to save lives .
also if your stuck on a math problem you can use the calculator .
<caps> <caps> is two years old .
this quote shows how cozy or warm their home is .
mom said the quicker we do this the fast we get to the toys .
for example when taking about the rocks in his mouth he states with only luck id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat .
they want to know about everything and they will ask as many questions as they can .
especially over a highly populated city .
this is the mood the author swings into the story .
i sat in the front seat .
someone who is pro life on the controversial issue of abortion <month> believe that a book about a teenage girl getting an abortion is offensive and against their beliefs .
when she says when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then i will take that test again .
it is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and keep the bad ones away .
when you buy movies a lot of times people check the rating on the movie to see if it would be appropriate for their child or even for themselves .
shows deep feeling towards nature .
she said with a smile .
most of the time people have to do essays .
i hope that you can how see how great computer are and how much they help our present day citizens .
<caps> ran off with a very big smile on her face .
there are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework .
laughing makes you live longer .
with different personalities comes different writers .
and once again i go back to sports .
he talked about the differences of a home and house .
not only is that education but that also helps the environment because you would be saving paper .
while reading a book and waiting for my clothes to dry i fell into a deep sleep .
computers have an effect on people but in a negative way .
he was doubting that he could make it alive .
its part of growing up and also a learning experience for all of us .
the joke <caps> told me probably should not be repeated but it made me laugh so hard i had trouble breathing .
a time when i was patient was when i was in <num> grade and i had to wait to play football till this year .
in the memoir he grew up in a kitchen full of people who taught him to love cooking .
they were always there for me .
they allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
i gave her a candy that just only shut her up for a couple of minutes .
i knew thats where i would get my <money> .
they had to modify the steel frame of the building .
if you wanted one of those books you had to talk to your parent or bring a note in saying that you were allowed to read the book .
doing this helps everyday skills like playing sports .
some content <month> not be suitable to younger kids .
we looked at each other and giggled then replied with no we do not have a problem here .
i think it is important for material such as that to be left so it can looked on upon .
home and family is the <caps> one thing all of us love .
<caps> gives us a hug and the man gets up and says .
went in for the appointments .
we were all just walking around and we saw a guy drawing cartoon pictured of people .
this probably makes him feel as if he is getting no where at all .
when i got bit by a dog i was in <location> when it happened .
i would have to agree with the second group of people .
a time that i had to be patient was at cedar point in <location> .
the cyclist blame the old men for giving him directions that wasted his energy .
so some how i have the ability to make people laugh without thinking .
then they passed us .
<caps> looked at me and his mouth dropped .
have the right to freedom of speech .
when he come over the bend he cave to his troubles road and thirst
children exposed to at least <num> hours a day to <organization> compared to the few who spend their time outdoors are <num> times as likely to develop such possibilities .
did you know that over <percent> of kids and teens are obese <num> computers can contribute to this statistic .
this would be pretty much anytime i am with my boyfriend .
another reason is it is against the law to fly airships to low over urban areas .
getting the mooring mast to work was very difficult for the builders .
their are like people that are offensive and things that go on in our and your area were you live that are really offensive .
keep reading for more information .
no one talked to me or hung out with me at school .
she closed her palm around it and held it tight .
the feeling and scent of the hibiscus flower comforted her .
its to much cursing and violent .
i then decided i would take a chance and try for this team .
you see that you can trust more people to when you get to know them .
middle school was a challenging environment .
it was important to express this again .
the kids that we have to look out for is the ones in elementary .
people really enjoy those moments that they spend with a special someone .
i learned this lesson in a hallway near the copy room .
but hunger was taking over .
it was unsafe for planes .
the last mood is being happy thing that showed that is he was grateful for his parents .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to the violent air currents .
another amazing aspect of computers is that they improve eye-hand coordination greatly .
it was during the <date> and we decided to have ourselves a little movie night at <organization> house .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because there was a lot of detours and distractions where the cyclist rode .
downstairs we said our good-byes to one another .
but jumping to where he wanted to go led him to dehydration and much more struggle than needed .
there are many people that think that the lyrics of those songs are just terrible and offensive .
most music and movies these days use bad language or show people having sex or without proper clothing .
there are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers .
i was proud of myself after i was done riding my new <caps> .
i start laughing uncontrollably then <caps> dad starts cracking up .
you could help if you want it to faster <caps> answers .
the cyclist was very hot .
that is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills .
it was finally time to deliver her .
practicing that skill is very important .
also when you learn about something .
i was so amazed with how much patience she had .
the plan never followed through for a few reasons .
on a computer you can do many things to never get bored .
computers messes up kids grades .
we choose that life style for our children so we cant really blame the music and the movies .
these machines help our world become an easier place to do .
there is going to be more good books for a person than bad books .
so now its your turn to decide whether having a computer is a good thing or a bad thing .
him start busting up laughing .
the <organization> did this because so they would not have anyone try to be a rebel and over throw the <organization> .
planes were also becoming more popular .
at the top of the empire state building the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes .
one more reason is communication .
if we place censorship on one book everyone has a right to ban other books as well .
what there is in do .
many of the books banned have important lessons that can be obtained through reading it .
i think they have a horrible effect on people .
you actually have to get out and talk to people face to face .
there are really three main reasons .
we wont be able to hang out with friends and family .
over the next couple days we did pretty much the same things .
the author did a fantastic job at creating a sense of love and comfort while telling his story .
sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips .
editor what if you were fourteen and had no friends .
there are over <num> students at <organization> .
after lunch i had <caps> .
this meant that they would have to build another structure to be able to place the mooring mast .
<caps> not your job to make my decisions .
different <caps> have different things that are offensive .
lets take <location> for example .
they learn how to exercise .
you might think after reading this letter .
the computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history .
the helium that filled the balloons was highly flammable .
this got me thinking .
laugh could change the whole world from dangerous to peace .
think about all the books we have read and learned from that have the possibility of being censored .
nothing ask yourself that .
the easiest and the only fixable obstacle was the issue of the added stress the blimp put on the buildings frame .
a dirigible on the building would not be able to land properly or be weighted down with lead weights like those in open landing fields .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles docked there .
my last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life .
we always have a great time .
most of these books are not trying too promote these things but they are just part of the story .
these are some of the things authors want to avoid .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings roof because it would add stressing to the buildings frames .
you get most of your vitamins .
thats what is hot in this present lifetime .
censoring books could take away from learning .
a lot of people spend their day sitting in front of a computer and work .
while we were planning it my grandma kept getting suspicious and asking what we were doing .
my coach had seen the same thing and started making fun of him .
thus computers are vital to as humans .
so start running with patience and leaving impatience behind .
she felt bad for me and asked the boys name .
the workers had to change their first design to meet the mandatory requirements for the mooring mast .
and i feel that yes i do have a right to remove these books from the shelves .
i felt <caps> dumb .
its where the poor can have access to the same materials the better off have .
this means dirigibles could <caps> at all .
the author chose to put this in the text since it creates a happy note to end on and give the reader happiness of knowing there is hope .
this can have a very negative affect .
this author did as well .
calling someone from another country on the phone gets really expensive .
banning books has been a huge problem in todays society and needs to be stopped .
books are another thing that could use some censorship .
while maybe an overweight reader could read the same magazine and feel like there not beautiful or self worthy as the women in the magazine .
if you walk into a store or video store there are so many different things that children are exposed to .
laughing makes me feel good on the inside and out .
so that is my story about being patient .
thanks to a close friend .
barking at the squirrels in the backyard to keeping me warm at night .
the computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends .
computers have gotten more advanced over time .
life will become tough .
finally going out doing sports and starting fit is very important .
at the bottom was <caps> signature .
i told her that i will call her after my chores where done and go out for lunch .
com those are the three main ones i go on they are so fun .
i state this because the web has many things to do .
he is dehydrated and he still has a long way to go .
plans needed to be made to support the building and blimps .
this is important to because i am not very well organized when it comes to school .
<person> had thrown a big water balloon at her that knocked her out of line .
also to play games on .
he looks around and finds a movie one of his friends recommended to watch .
traveling with his water running out and beginning to feel sick did not go well with him .
we had a good laugh about it and were no longer enemies .
<caps> might not be running but its fun .
the mood in the memoir is happy and thankful .
and when i had to wait until my mom woke up to go to the mall so i could get my game .
here the hibiscus mean hope .
i then reach i was having rate and that i lost any patience .
the author includes this paragraph to this story in many reasons why .
everyone is exposed to offensive material through everyday life .
i believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinions .
the calls of the snow geese were almost familiar to her .
no one can experience the greatness of nature while on the computer .
first reason is do you like wasting time walking though the library looking for places or <organization> people .
i started feeling a cramp in my stomach from all the force i was putting on my it which maid me to stop laughing .
in my mind it was just another boring vacation but little did i know it was about <caps> get a lot more fun .
and they also loved the people in their family .
it was a close-knit community .
also you can make plans with one of your friend on something if they live really far or something like that .
she longed for her natural home and familiarity .
many problems are faced in the building of the empire state building .
it is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away .
not only are you getting good benefits on the outdoors but so is your partner .
many solid friendships involve laughing frequently .
after a while of playing we decided to go on one of the water well <caps> was the water well at the park .
after these things come to try and adapt to <caps> ways of life .
my mom does this many times a day to grab my attention and ends up calling my cell phone or i .
talked with some of the employees and pasted time by walking back and forth .
<caps> knows his parents took chances and did whatever to keep him happy which sets this mood to be so warm and heart filling .
you can not disagree .
i was being tortured by the thought of using the restroom .
thats ninety-five percent of people who are learning more hand-eye coordination .
<caps> never really realize how hard it is to not laugh until the occasion is upon <caps> .
its the first piece of identification that many kids have that they are allowed to carry around themselves .
these days children learn about things sooner and sooner .
then i said i wish we could have a big fire on the beach .
certain material in this world maybe offensive to their own kind .
i would have to write a book in order to tell you all the times that laughter was one element in my life because it happens every day .
shockingly the book interested them .
once on <date> break my family and i went to <location> .
<caps> the dirigible would not be stable enough .
while we were at <location> we went to a huge water park .
there were violent wind currents that could make the dirigibles sway around the mooring mast .
so my cousin said he should just show me what they are and what they do .
there are a lot of disadvantages to computers .
the builders needed more support for the buildings framework .
it said the flowers leaves quivering in the wind .
i found <caps> very attractive .
my cousin who is the lead singer of the band was calling out in the microphone if anyone would like to sing a <caps> to the crowd .
i think that because everyone has a different kinda of offensive for their families .
these were some of the moods created by the author in the memoir .
to start with her love is like part of her life .
there was a kid named <person> who was always very patient .
they said no so we decided to stand there and wait a little bit longer then it starts poring down rain .
i woke up the next day and took my shower and got ready for the day .
<caps> had big tries <caps> had flames and <caps> was green .
i gave up trying and decided to get more involved in school and achieve good grades .
we went again and they told us we had to sign a paper .
not just blood relatives but everyone who would do the same as them .
my first reason is that they relieve stress .
there are some details of why i think the mood of this memoir is happiness
this is why computers have a very good effect on people .
i also had to be patient if i wanted fudge .
every book in one way or another would offend someone .
we all started to make random comments on her great navigation skills .
if you wanted to now something about her you could go to me and i could tell you .
at least thats <caps> i think .
secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel .
others say no for some reason why they say its not good for you and to addictive i clearly think that it is appropriate .
all i could do was wait for it to end .
some <month> take offense to that .
i was ready but my coach said no .
the final core issue is the essence of censorship versus the essence of a library .
she told me i was progressing by waiting and seeing the results .
and that goes for about <percent> in <location> .
i am pretty sure that is clear with this audience .
maybe it is about the people learning to deal with a little criticism .
this is unlawful censorship .
the wind and weather could make a landing the dirigibles very dangerous .
the library is a place were ones mind can explore and discover as much as it wants .
i love those times that you laugh so hard your stomach starts aching really bad .
just being inside just make you kinda gang weight .
another aspect of the setting that affect the cyclist are the rolling hills .
within a few minutes she was laughing and i could tell she felt a lot better .
it would cause a conflict of two different sides .
also he was upset that the old timers gave bad directions .
people spend to much time on the <caps> .
the author concludes with this sentence for emphasis .
then they will be mad and then that just an other fight .
the computer is not <caps> used for just communication .
it is not supposed to be just one genre that only one person likes .
i have succeeded in being a happy girl most of my life .
he started to run out of water because it was so hot and humid .
we were so patient .
computers help in a positive way .
i believe that some people use materials wrongly sometimes to get ahead and to make a name for themselves .
that sweat was all over him .
like in the end it says i will take that test again .
there should be all kinds of different genres to read and all sorts of movies to choose from .
then she called me and said .
just adding it on would upset the buildings structure and foundation .
this caused us to laugh yet again because of the way the short fat one ran .
if a child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason they can use their computer at home .
the average person goes on the <caps> ten times a <date> just to get information .
i had to be very patient cause even the slightest movement could scare a deer away .
getting in trouble can mean some serious punishment .
i knew if i had not been patient i would not have made it on the long journey to <location> .
i figured i would live .
the mood created by the author in the memoir come in different ways .
now you know that i was patient and was hurt all day .
one great option that computers have is the option to communicate with others .
with a simple click of a button you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question .
he hit a bump and swallowed the stone .
according to engineers making the thousand foot dirigible moored at at the top of the building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame .
i hope that you will understand my point of view and take consideration of my thoughts
the most reliable source would be from a book .
even the slightest bit of thunder and we would need to start back at <num> .
computers are learning more and more advanced everyday .
we have so many fun memories together .
he is happy to have a place called home .
the author is a <caps> .
is no different with patience
many people believe computers are good for nothing .
to do it with family is a great way to remember fun times .
maybe theres a waiting list to enter .
for example if you are doing a project for school .
typing also makes work a lot neater and easier to read .
you can even go in chat room .
the warmth of the desert had an affect on the cyclist and caused him to be fatigue .
k and other fast food <num> go on the computer and eat .
we all got of the ferry and looked up at lady liberty .
this is why it support the computer .
it effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology .
he wanted to get their because it was so hot .
one thing in a book <month> not be offensive to one individual although it could be for someone else .
children should not be shelter at a young age to just young adult things because they need to know what else is out there in the world .
then an old lady got in line .
i think if this does happen it will be hard to get over an stop using the computer .
it is a season of birth and growing .
we were driving to <organization> then there was a long line of traffic so we had to wait .
it dint really matter .
the author talks about his kind parents and loving family .
the author would not want to use grammar from the present day .
come look for yourself .
the spring season will come and new life will be provided to all .
library censorship everyone has their favorite book .
i believe that if you find a book offensive then you should not read that book .
they could afford nothing else .
we cant help what people did in the past .
it is safe and saves all the trouble of calling on the phone .
he for gets about everybody .
one person <month> find the book offensive and the next person <month> not .
anyone under the dirigible while it was docked could be in danger if the blimp was destroyed by fire .
with the use of <caps> or a .
they are all offensive because they talk about bad stuff and doing bad stuff or talk about how they live their lives .
one time when i was patient was when we flew in the <location> to visit my sister at the i asked school .
we absolutely did not want the movie to end and yet it still did .
computers <month> take away from some activities but think of how much harder and more stressful things will be without it .
if you still read the book it could help you change your mind on the topic .
the whole idea was dangerous and risky .
it was hard in the begging but i was patient and i got a good grade .
thats why having trust is a big deal in a friendship or any kind of relationship .
he often told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing than i could have ever done .
libraries are a very important aspect to life for most people nowadays .
the simplest solution though is to just leave the offensive item alone .
computers have a negative effect on people and i say we should find a way to cut down computer time .
the cyclist witnessed the intense features of the setting .
the mood that the author created throughout the course of the memoir was a sense of happiness but also family .
this would help the public .
there is no one like <person> .
i had it in a cast then i waited to get it off .
i was like and the van <num> and the car and <num> in the car .
so as we head out of town i am giving him directions to where the best place is to go for a drive .
i believe that all the books are meant to be in the library .
so i went up stairs to read a book .
i thought about that phone for weeks .
these resources are in the library for a reason .
<caps> was right i guess .
i liked football that year and i have did football ever since .
then his parents informed us that they were going out and that they would not be home until it was very late .
i was glad i waited .
so my dad and i were fine with the line for the <caps> .
<date> computers have become the most helpful source of technology .
but when he did get to the town that was abandon to .
after the waitress took our orders and left we all started talking .
the answer to that question is easy .
we are not the most well functioning family .
my <caps> and i were joking around and making fun of each other .
they came here and had to start their lives over .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
laughter cheers up my friends when they are feeling down .
offensive materials should not be taken off of shelves because something that is offensive to one person <month> not be offensive to another person .
i won that game too .
when she cooked it i was happy .
i know that laughter will never disappear .
when a student has to write a report and he has bad handwriting he can just type it up and print it .
in the literary world of today it is never hard to find a topic that will interest you .
i totally disagree with this letter .
<caps> i tried to do everything in my own possible way to get my best friend back .
to wrap up his memoir he mentions that he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home .
we were hanging out and just talking about who was the hottest girl at school .
<person> rolled her eyes and re gripped her pillow and blankets .
i think that they should show us respect to and let us read and watch movies about the genres of books and movies they take away from us .
and we just burst into more laughter .
the success of the mooring mast of the empire state building was prevented by many obstacles .
the mood that the author shows is happiness and love .
those were some of the obstacles the builders had to face while trying to put a mooring mast on to of the empire state building .
offensive materials can have big effects on children younger than at least ten years of age .
the problem would be the amount of stress the building would take on by having a blimp tied to the top of it .
thats why we are allowed to take off a book from the shelf .
everyone except <caps> saw it and busted out laughing at the memory of what had previously just happened .
after fixing the structure of the building the builders found out the weather had interfered .
when we arrived at the end of the lane we started walking up to my house .
i could feel the tears starting to swell <caps> in <caps> eyes .
in the story the setting provides no water for the cyclist making him weak .
stupid things that people do are the funniest things .
i will continue to live laughing and eventually pass it down when the time comes .
another reason is an existing law against flying airships too low over urban areas .
so just get off the computer and enjoy what life gave you .
but thats not the worst of it .
also another thing is it gives us the ability to learn about it and surf the web .
this quote puts a calm mood because when you think of filling the air with scents and playing nice music it puts you in a clam relaxed mood .
i would like to thank you for reading this .
when i grow up and soon get out of high <organization> i want to travel all over the world .
there is good old fashioned <caps> music such as <organization> .
kids and adults really enjoy having access to something like this .
come the there as i have to open my stocking .
i knew <caps> would do that .
when we got there we had to wait in the lobby .
the author created a mood in the memoir .
some can be a bad influence on younger kids .
another battle the builders had to face was the strong winds .
they write it because it shows emotions and feelings .
the author was getting neat stroke being passed by <location> desert snakes and tumbleweeds .
the speed limit was <num> .
the line would not go any faster .
i turned around and saw a huge be next to me .
also dirigibles would be dangling over pedestrians on the streets below .
he was waiting for me to get close enough to shoot .
to remove a book from its natural and rightful place on a shelf is to set its words aflame .
our teacher wanted the whole class to be quite so she got in front of the class while we were doing our math problems .
so this gives them an opportunity to see what is wrong with it if they are exposed to these things at a certain age .
many of <location> spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday .
there was what seemed like a <num> second pause between the moment he jumped off the cliff and the moment he smacked the water .
books that are for adults can be found in adult type stores or even at a regular local book store .
<date> that day i was driving home from the store with my <caps> .
it was around <time> and we were all watching hills have eyes .
the first time you get on the computer you will be addicted to <caps> right away .
the five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call .
i myself as a kid have looked through the dictionary looking for bad words .
i have been in a library a few times in my life .
we walked as quickly as possible to avoid the awkward stares from the people outside of their houses and the people roaming the streets .
well i have <caps> can be easily uploaded in a matter of minutes .
lets face it without computers today we would not be able to function .
to me the computer is the same step forward as the light bulb was .
the time had come and l was happy .
when i was waiting i was sitting on the ground being really board .
there is no law forcing us to see movies that we do not desire to see .
another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types shooting games racing sport arcade all type .
why not ride your bike to the library and get a book on the country .
books of history are thought to be helpful when children are growing up .
hydrogen would be too dangerous to use in the dirigible if it could catch fire at any moment .
explicit material should be removed if it is found offensive .
the plant will grow if it can adapt .
children wont know how to cope with the harsh realities of the world unless they are exposed to them early .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show determination .
came together in great solidarity and friendship .
builders greatest obstacle would be nature itself .
would you rather use a computer or be in <location> .
<caps> your boyfriend or girlfriend would dump you .
i was very impatient .
their strong points are communication and the ability to gain knowledge quickly .
the problem was they were dangling high above pedestrians on the street .
another reason was nature itself .
the is how the author describes his mood .
we also watched the movie to get a better understanding of the differences between our time periods .
the story is about overcoming obstacles and adjusting to change .
now that man can track your child down and possibly kidnap or hurt them .
he biked to the first town but it was like a ghost town .
these are all the reasons why computers are bad .
the readers are the ones that are claiming that the books and other media aspects in libraries are offensive .
for rated <caps> movies they can have them in the library .
a time i was patient was in <date> at the <organization> .
thanks to reading i was able to explain to you this much and how supportive i am with these books .
the author said that he would never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things he learned there about how to love .
everyone in this world is different from the next person .
people need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day .
<caps> my parents told me i was going to go to <location> i knew a few people from this <location> .
<caps> asked <caps> i have ever drawn a picture before .
builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles .
not saying its easy but we all try .
it got to the point where i was about to say a rude remark .
say or do as they please as long as its with in the rights of laws .
they first needed to make <money> worth of modifications to strengthen the building to accommodate this new situation .
i was patient by waiting for my mom to take me .
<caps> by being a seemingly happy person it has given me the friends i have .
another example would be the time i went to the library to write a research paper about the human body systems .
since it was about <num> pm most of the good folk of <location> were sleeping or inside .
one of the greatest obstacles was nature itself .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is great <caps> .
with five kids and one laptop who would want to be happy .
a third obstacle was that there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
but my parents kept saying no .
the irony continues as he becomes dehydrated and the flat land turns hilly .
this is right if the community strongly agrees with their local libraries .
<caps> he is relieved .
freedom of speech has been around almost since the beginning of this nation .
also the winds at the top of the empire state building were too strong .
in this article the author kind of gave a both happy and proud mood .
many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button .
if there is a group of people that are interested in a book and want to read it more then once they will like telling a new person about it .
going on the computer is much easier .
he ended up getting a ticket and the cop was a real idiot .
i was patient and i was the one that got to hold her first .
another obstacle for the builders is nature as stated in paragraph <num> the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
they simply could not drop a large glass and chrome mooring mast on top of the buildings flat roof .
this adds to the mood in the memoir by representing how great family is and how much it can mean to people .
the space craft stop in the field .
he quickly became one of my good friends and we hung out every other <date> .
libraries are found all over the <location> .
scientists say that <percent> or people that type for at least four years become better hand-eye coordinated typing fast keeps your fingers quick and agile .
the librarian probably have other things to do like arranging the books or checking out the books or making library card or helping someone find a book .
he is an outstanding player and the <organization> other pick was a fast running back named <caps> <caps> out of the <organization> .
we all should keep these materials as a reference to future generations .
that last paragraph was quite vital to the theme and meaning of the story .
you would think it would be slightly awkward or uncomfortable .
the conditions for the cyclist in the story do not exceed posted speed limit are pretty dangerous .
but most importantly since the winds kept changing it would never stay still .
anyway he used to be a cop and had a shotgun so we went out and tried it .
those things are great if you want to show pictures from a vacation or talk to a friend in a different country .
more than <num> out of <num> people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them .
another reason why i think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone .
toward the end i got her and <person> to laugh so hard we all almost wet ourselves .
in the memoir the author says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
all three of us were laughing hysterically at my faked passion .
the features of the setting negatively affect the cyclist .
my brother was very patient for it to come and he never stressed out over it not coming .
they help get new <caps> .
i think computers have become part of our daily life .
you can look up anything you would like to learn about and find exactly what you want .
the mood of this memoir is nonfiction .
that small sense of security those in that community have in those books will be taken away .
other opinions wont matter .
because they can get over weight .
the library is an important place for the knowledge seeker .
a time when i was patient was just yesterday .
like stop going outside and getting fresh air .
they could also buy a magazine that looks perfectly fine on the outside but have offensive images on the inside .
come on did this change your mind yet now .
my mom was waiting for <caps> inside .
the walk home was to long to handle but the laughter that was filling the air made the walk home a little faster and shorter .
as a high school student i would research the topic about offensive material .
the dry dessert makes him feel as if he were riding forever .
nature was another reason why this idea was impractical .
you can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job .
some of these people that get these books might need to have a good heart about what the book is saying about the skin color .
the setting of the area where the cyclist was biking effects him because it makes him weaker .
this sight was troubled .
my plan had worked .
<caps> states that everywhere you go people are going to disagree and agree on things but not everyone will believe in the same thing .
like a job you print out a paper every week or day even .
later that night <person> asked me if i wanted to go on a walk .
more important things should be done during this time like studying or doing homework .
society is always dealing with what is appropriate and what is not .
a student receives a classic home work assignment .
the one thing that has been breath taking from my life is most of my conversations with my friends .
another problem was safety .
there are various ways to communicate with people through the computer .
all you need is a support from your family .
and all three of these things helped make his house a home .
they should ignore it and find something else of interest to them .
attempt to fix the broken things not eliminate the jagged things
the next big topic is <caps> .
takes him over terrain not suitable for biking .
we had a couple people in front of them so we had to wait for an hour or so .
the mood in this memoir can be described as anything happy .
there are websites where students who were out from school can get their assignments for the next day .
the purpose of the music is not to bring the attention of offensive material to the listeners .
patients is a very needy thing in life .
the builders of the empire state building had many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
we stopped their to buy some water an some snacks on the walk .
people have to learn to just limit their time .
which means its harder to do because of how high it is .
thats all we needed to start up conversation again .
i also agree that laughter is an important part of a relationship .
well computers are not just a pass of time it also makes your life easier .
some people would find the example offensive or out of line .
i think high schools <caps> to put these books into the libraries because it might help some kids grow up and become more mature .
he had no water during some of the trip and lost all hope .
you know now when you have that project due for science class about protoplasms .
i made it to the bus stop early .
only to find out that those ducks were the only ducks we saw all day .
<caps> was thankful that his parents sacrificed everything for him .
a last mood produced in the memoir was pride .
watching the trees blur by .
i wanted to ride the bumper cars .
if something was to happen to it i would be destroyed .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is happy and loving .
i think them is we the amount of time could be lives .
the day we got our schedules we talked to each other and seen what our classes were .
this was also very unsafe .
lastly they had to be sure the building would not collapse when they made the mooring mast .
this <caps> the mood of family .
it can make someone a better person .
so in a way i think his way of thinking comes from his culture .
about <percent> of people do this and its not healthy .
another reason why i think computers are good is they help you connect with friends .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
music is something that mostly everyone listens to .
movies are required to have ratings so the audience knows the extent of the maturity you must have to watch the film .
this quote shows that the author can only give thanks to his loving parents who did everything to insure a great life .
computer are like a giant resource of information .
the last problem was the law stating airships can <caps> that low above urban cities .
one obstacle the builders faced was the lack of a suitable landing area .
i felt empty but i was still not complained .
the author also gives the feeling of hope that they one day will return home .
if anything i am trying to help me and my fellow citizens .
<caps> car lights lit up the <organization> air as he made a blinking signal to express where he was to us .
and who knows they actually might be right if you give them a chance to speak .
this shows that this plant areas a lot to here .
we need to <caps> something about these computers .
they had to rebuild the whole top again so the dirigibles could dock there .
i have the option signing onto something called <caps> or email .
the author explains of how he felt of his parent that risk everything in order to give him a better future according to paragraph <num> .
also due to a law against airships flying too low the dirigible would break that law as well .
we have been waiting all week for to go catch some <date> <caps> salmon .
around <num> pm all of us were pretty bored so we played different hand games like slide and lemonade .
cultural books or magazines from other countries or of a certain topic can sometimes be very graphic and have language that is only appropriate for certain ages .
it was such a problem that he had to suck on stones to take his mind off thirst .
not the <percent> who sit at the computer all day writing reply .
laughter is a big part of my life and i believe <caps> have to have laughter in a good and healthy relationship .
censorship in libraries has been a major concern in school systems for many years .
finally by the late 1930s it was certain that the mooring mass would not fulfill its purpose because dirigibles had now given way to airplanes .
also the might be times go on a trip and know how much it cost and how long its going to take to set to you destination .
and i also laugh a lot .
lastly computers are good entertainment .
almost every well-written book that you will find on the shelf has something that should be censored .
some people do not like to be bored of the same thing .
even if that means killing an animal for its resources .
in paragraph <num> it says they struggled both personally and financially .
<caps> and i thought that would be fun to go on a trip .
the last obstacle would be that it is illegal for a ship to ever tie up or approach of building .
in this memoir by <person> he sets the overall mood for his definition of family .
it is a privilege that if taken away would tear <caps> a part .
should be removed from the library .
why we laughed i still will never know .
but many of these great deals come from fake or illegal websites .
no one will ever be able to learn of what was to become of that writing and of those ideas .
throughout the story workers of the empire state building faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock there .
these are the moods the author created in this memoir .
when i clicked on it i was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures .
i know that i would be overflowing with bliss if an aunt or uncle contacted me through <caps> or e-mail .
its like a <percent> chance that i will be patient .
if they have one copy of a book it will begin fights .
and sold in stores for adults that are twenty one and older .
the books that interest me the most are fiction books .
these are only <num> of the many bountiful things that a computer can do .
the obstacles which the builders of the empire state building faced to allow dirigibles to dock there were numerous for this project .
it symbolizes the time in her life when her failures will become good again .
computers have evolved a long way since they were invented in the <num> .
i am always patient .
this made him hang his head as he rode on .
not only did see the positive effects of staying in contact .
from that point we were inseparable .
i asked what was wrong and then <caps> asked if anything could ruin my day .
having someone there for me in such a tough situation is very reassuring to me .
high <caps> are filled with pregnant teens .
the cyclist was astonished of what he had stumbled onto and appreciated that he was still alive .
students <month> need to use that certain information in a classroom .
the computer gives us all the things we need .
we had to wait patiently in the cold winter .
were all becoming quite lazy .
this is what the memoir is about .
world communication has also opened up many business opportunities .
i was in the car with my mom and <num> sister .
the features at the setting affected the cyclist by dehydrating him .
everyone has their own opinion about what should or should not be placed in books .
dirigibles from outside the <location> use hydrogen .
patience is one of the most important things in life .
<caps> thing about his setting that changed was the hills .
also if you do have one than reading this <month> persuade you into getting one .
family and friends are a major importance in everyones lives .
every person has different things that offend them and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that offended someone .
no one would ever get over what happened .
<organization> took a poll about how many <caps> use the computer to do research and <percent> answered that they did .
it was said that this amazing dream would come true for aviation pioneers .
this is a horrible thing to do to yourself .
i remember when she moved to <location> .
the author wrote of rough terrain and isolation .
and her mom believed her .
and could have even died .
and for someone to get into that aisle they should have permission to get into the aisle and show and i .
we first tried to put <person> through the window .
i believe that computers have a negative effect .
they <caps> give people the ability to learn information faraway places and people .
that creates the risk of the blimp getting punctured by sharp edges on other buildings .
if i had a story to tell and i spent a long time working on it .
the second was that there dirigibles had hydrogen in it and hydrogen was highly flammable .
theres even a to a science website .
so i watched the clock tick down over so slowly .
to begin with on a computer you can have a lot of fun by playing games .
but in the end i got to go home and play with my friend .
i see people sometimes reading a book and listening to music .
please when you are writing you article before and listen to my facts .
<location> graced our kitchen table for meals .
<person> told me i was doing great .
i know how the summer heat can affect you during <date> activity s .
overall computers are that make life that much more stressful .
in todays world all children listen to music .
dirigibles that are fueled by hydrogen are prone to be destroyed by fire .
her family had a good relationship with family and friends .
so everyone agree with me because you knew i am right .
the <caps> proves that the road could be slowing the cyclist also .
as we were heading back to the camp site all you could hear for miles was my family arguing .
i got so bad to the point that i was suicidal .
writing is a way to express ones thoughts and ideas on a page .
most college students do their homework on the computer .
having a computer is a good but if you spend to much time on it you will hurt you eyes .
libraries just need to keep the books and magazines and movies on the shelf .
<caps> was like i had been completely recharged and refreshed .
once we got their it was so crowded .
the terrain that he had to cross had many hills and the road was not in good condition .
a thousand-foot dirigible moored .
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen .
i asked wondering if it would easy to get it .
you could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone .
on the cover of many magazines women as well as men bodies are exposed .
<caps> <num> supports that obstacle a thousand foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame .
computers have gone from the size of a room to twelve inch flat screen monitors .
what <caps> need to <caps> is get together and unite .
books <month> be the only exception .
an example are games .
it seems like he had a good childhood .
soon after that the cops came .
this last paragraph seems optimistic talking about the flower blooming and the geese returning which seems like she is starting to accept the change .
ming your friends all day .
books help the mind to expand and gain a higher standard of learning .
it really did move like a diamondback blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me .
the most amazing part of a library is the fact that one <month> choose what he or she reads .
we were all reminiscing the good times we had with <person> .
another way this mood of happiness is portrayed is through his writing about people coming together .
people will spend less time staying active .
thats when <caps> said i <caps> wait .
professor <person> had this to say about how this is affecting <caps> .
most offensive books are not boring and the action is what gets my attention and keeps me reading .
<caps> could potentially lead to violent protests that quickly tear down even the most successful of nations .
laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
the greatest obstacle the builders faced was nature itself .
or even if your job involves doing research .
i do believe there are stories written that are not appropriate .
many companies are now erasing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites .
please consider the following .
no wind no nothing .
the next day we returned to <caps> was definitely an interesting one .
that is why i strongly believe that people spend to much time on computers rather than .
laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was strong .
you also can see it from the way she acts .
these are questions i kept asking myself .
it was uncalled for to begin with .
more people who will stand up for what they believe in and wont judge others for what they belief in .
laughter gives way to sighs and tears while dimples are forgotten and replaced with furrowed brows .
another idea could be setting up reviews on a website with a list of each book in the library .
what if the dirigible attempted to dock and the heavy winds blew its tail end around to hit a building .
thats the time i had to <caps> patient
the laughter in me .
then not as many people would be offended and they would not have any problems with letting their children pick out books on their own .
the red paint was chipping all over the truck .
the mood created by the <caps> in the memoir shows him that he is grateful to have a home to live in when he was born by his parents .
allowing the dirigibles to dock at the empire state building took some obstacles .
many people have been inspired by certain books that throughout history have been controversial .
my laughing woke up <person> as he came running to me picked me up off the ground and saved me from <location> .
she saw on the news that the were giving away tickets the morning of the concert .
children can play with there friends all around the world now without leaving there bedroom .
so computers can not only be unhealthy but they can be deadly .
i think their new slogan should be is we have a better learning company than anyone else .
i believe that the library was a right to keep whatever they want on the shelves .
this was a major obstacle along with the wind factor .
well i think the opposite of that opinion .
the hibiscus flower now has to adapt to its new surroundings outside of the store the geese are adapting to the surroundings by flying south for the winter .
the author concludes this story this way to go over again the important things in the story .
the libraries should not carry the inappropriate magazines .
the final obstacle that prevented dirigibles from docking on the empire state building was the fact that it was against the law .
the mood in this memoir is very strong .
books with the wrong kind of words in it should be kept safe or there should be a age to where you can get it .
one time i got in trouble for getting a <caps> on my report card and my mom said i was grounded .
i also believe laughter is the shortest distance between two people someone once said .
but then it shifted .
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show a new beginning .
another obstacle was the dirigibles was held by a single cable tether and that would add stress to the buildings frame .
to make his life better .
the building of the empire state building was a project which faced many obstacles .
now because of computers he is a <location> who does nothing else but play on the computer .
i believe the was more of a thank you in the memoir and here a three reasons .
i said yeah that is true .
so for about <num> minutes she helped me .
censorship in libraries is kind of a big deal in schools .
i fell back to sleep in the car when we were on the height .
thank you for your time .
the computer is surely a great invention .
another obstacle was the wind .
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting affects the cyclist because he has to cross different types of land marks .
we can go the web and facilitate our life .
i was just waiting for his to be done .
i was the last one to go into a stall .
thats why i think computers can be more helpful just depending on the way you use it and how much you use it .
he also says hes never listening to old men and hell always use the map .
in removing a book from a shelf we would be eliminating a piece <caps> or even life long lessons that are difficult to teach without experiencing them yourself .
with just a laugh sadness leaves and thats when happiness jumps in .
a law which prevented airships from flying too low also made this dream a great fear to overcome .
bad influences can have a bad effect on children .
that was a lot of money .
when we got home my mom and my two sisters and i were waiting patient in the living room watching <caps> .
so they can play games with people from around the world using a computer .
in the excerpt the author states nature is one of the biggest problems for the mast .
every book cant be perfect for that person .
being patient is a very important skill to have .
computers have been the technological item to have over the past <num> or so years .
a lot of students type up reports and other things for school on their computers .
this would cause the back of the ship to swivel around and would be unsafe to passengers and pedestrians on the street below .
while these children are young they do not know what is bad for them .
i think we should keep censorship around because it would deny knowledge to people if we did not keep it .
i hope you see my point of view .
many books that have been banned are great books that can have an effect on someones life .
overnight we had packed our bags and already had the stuff in the car .
the builders of the empire state building faced several obstacles in their attempts to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i am not a patient person .
not only did he practice baseball but also typing .
this system is a better way to find exactly what you want instead of coming across a book or movie that you would find offensive .
you would be like a couch potato .
this is how the features of the setting affected the cyclist .
even though there was a landing sight the dirigible could never be tied down so the passengers could get off .
he describes the household as being very humble and always had open arms and welcomed others .
what one person finds offensive could be perfectly fine with everyone else .
one more obstacle was the fact that there was a law that prohibited airships from flying below a certain height in cities .
if we continue this most people will lose eye sight .
the next morning it was hurting <num> times more .
ran in <caps> uncle room and hug her i said how are you because when i went for <caps> grandmother birthday .
she is filled with new resolution when she says to herself then i will take the test again .
<caps> i sat back down trying to let the line get shorter .
farmers became slaves became very rich and i kid even grad collage at age <num> .
you must practice patience and give them respect .
computers can be very useful to people .
the use of computers has been increasing since personal computers were invented .
i could tell you a thousand stories .
i was so embarrassed and guilty that my mom just laughed .
this lack of the water made it horrible for him to continue on .
knowing that i would never see him again is what kills me .
nature played a key role in this project .
leave that choice to <person> .
i book should not be taking off the shelf is someone finds that offensive .
these have been some moods in this story .
so even taking away one book could make a kid learn one less thing .
i also know people who use the computer the right way and they are very happy people .
this shows that improvements had to be made to the mast .
my next argument against computers <caps> about our bodies and minds .
<person> explained as the started too lead toward the intersection which was about fifty yards away .
the animals because the snake could have killed the cyclist and these was no one in miles to help .
you can get research about the earth and what happens to it .
the reason nature is the obstacle for blimps to dock on the building is because the wind currents moving the end of the blimp .
some of the obstacles that the builders faced while allowing dirigibles to dock there would be that they had a lack of suitable landing area .
you went into the store and you found a pair that you liked and they fit just right .
imagine how angry the parents of the child would be .
a sport that requires a lot of this is <caps> .
they were different kinds of mood in this memoir .
the average <caps> spends <num> hours on the computer everyday .
finding nothing but over sized sweat pants and extra large shirts we <caps> out the ones we thought were the best .
the weather can effect if it is rain or weather the road are messed up he could get a flat .
this showed that the family was still <caps> in the country they were in now but before was good too .
well i am going to tell you about a time when i was inpatient and patient .
this story is a great story that shows determination and self control .
thinking that nobody cares about them .
this is why the hibiscus is so important to the story .
he hated the idea of mixing people of different religions into one place .
typing letters while looking at a screen is using the hand eye coordination .
just imagine watching <caps> and seeing someone talk about everything you believe in and joking around about it .
the other was just a car bolt .
the parents do not want to get their child having bad ideas of what the movies are saying .
some of the local people smiled at us because we were so excited to be riding on the trolley .
i strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential .
having fun and laughing are the main things that i do in my life .
we strapped in our boots <person> went to the lift to catch a chair up .
the next pressing issue is the amount of reading the average teenager and <caps> does .
my mom is patient too especially at the look were she works .
the first obstacle that they faced was safety .
everyone reads books due to there liking and what relates to them .
theres also the random joke when someones upset to try to lighten the mood .
setting was the main factor in deciding upon the cyclists physical and mental state .
we were in the gym for basketball practice .
but i think that we need to find a balance between the two .
if a knife was you human nature world tell you to cover your head with your hands .
the desert setting of this essay effects the cyclist in many ways other then one .
in a matter of fact it got worse .
he even created customized nicknames for each of us .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
you can sign up for jobs right on your computer .
the first challenge the builders faced was that of nature .
<caps> <caps> how it was to make his first friend .
i hope this helps you laugh more and makes you try to be funny an have people laugh with you .
in our culture the slightest thing can called offensive now .
the older sister is to busy looking for her own book .
it made her feel a lot better i know that .
the <caps> said <caps> i understand .
an existing law prevented airships to fly too low in urban cities .
but then they also have uncensored items .
when children read they learn many new words that are in that book .
but to others its does nothing to them .
we found that the computer manual booklets says to only go on for an <num> hour at a time .
in this day in age the technology era has begin and typing is a necessity .
safety was a big issue in allowing dirigibles to dock there .
it could be a great way to start a conversation with a person .
its good to go on the computer for a little a bit but <caps> your on it all day then you could have no exercise and become lazy and fat .
they use them to show you and inform you on how things used to be and what it was like during the time .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
our relation was tense during that month .
<caps> is <caps> i yelled .
uncle <caps> was doing an impression of what he thought the teacher would be like .
another reason is <caps> shows your personalty your real self .
movies that can show these things but also teach how incredibly horrible these things are at the same time .
i was patient for <num> weeks then we went to the lobby and she was with her caregiver along with all the other families waiting for their child too .
but not this cyclist he controlled his anger and again showed determination .
<caps> was thats <caps> thought .
i think of laughing as a gift .
almost every time you need to be patient when you are at the doctors or in the hospital .
another reason people need patience is their family .
you can only imagine swimming in such an amazing color of blue .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
i feel there should be absolutely no censorship in libraries .
at the end of this memoir the boy said i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
when i player soccer for the <person> soccer team .
the areas were densely populated an accident over the city would be much worse .
the plant signifies her memories .
that is why computers are so positive .
a section for the middle schoolers and the teenagers .
this is the mood i think that the author created in the memoir .
so the experts have no reason to <caps> that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families .
the author left off with the paragraph to show she will go back and shell be stranger than she was before .
this gives a loving and caring feeling .
computers not only increase your hand-eye coordination they save trees too .
in my case laughter was the shortest distance between <person> <caps> i .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
also changed are the plants .
he was worn out because the setting was so intense .
<caps> said cause i play with you all the time <person> quickly ran home and <caps> told his parents .
these hills reduced his stamina greatly .
censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research .
now i hear my favorite <caps> tunes .
it is what puts people in a good mood .
these obstacles destined the mooring mast to never fulfill its purpose .
that means you could use it for your home work if you need help .
if your work is typed then your work is neater and more understandable .
i know their are people that will agree or disagree but what i think they should do is leave them .
the experts faced a few major obstacles in the building of the empire state building .
the features and the setting affect the cyclist a lot .
public libraries should be able to keep all sorts of content for all sorts of people .
that girl took a lot of patience but she was finally adopted .
i mean his house was a peaceful and a safe place .
the next few days where hard .
in the very beginning of his journey he came across a ghost town .
hydrogen is highly flammable .
certain people <month> find things offensive and others <month> think it is perfectly fine to have in a library .
it allows parents to have their children closely monitored without actually monitoring them .
so i decided to look up the way to find the answer and it caught me up with the class again .
she hopes that she will be able to start her life over again .
now he just a nobody .
hey my name is <person> and i have some things to talk about that people need to hear .
she was <num> years old .
the main obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there stemmed from the bad location .
and to me that shows love thats why i think the author created love as his mood in the memoir .
this problem is specially for teens .
people might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out .
but when i was signing the note he pulled up .
the author concludes the story like this because she is not ready to move on with her life .
two days ago i did a video chat with my grandparents back in <location> it was great .
not letting you get something off of the library shelf because its bad is like saying you cant eat a certain kind of food because its bad for you .
the dirigibles themselves could be a hazard .
some people just do not want certain information getting in the minds of children .
i answered the phone and <caps> starts to speak .
the reason why we were alone was because both of our parents were doing more shopping .
even if the front of the dirigible or mast was tied to the mooring mast the back would swivel around the mooring mast .
some of the material <month> be offensive and have a bad influence on those who buy into them .
we left at five in the morning with over one hundred kids packed into two buses .
the idea of regulating what is on our shelves is not the most effective .
i also think it helps all three sides of the health triangle .
because i spoke fidgety <caps> .
which proves to me the point that laughter and humor are two very important things in creating a bond between two people .
but the biggest obstacle was nature .
that is my story about the people i know and patience .
after about an hour we went out to eat we were all so hungry .
while computers are helpful in our lives too much of one thing is never a good thing .
people should use a <caps> more often .
it can cause us to have bad behavior or bad dreams .
another reason computers <month> not benefit society is because of the dangers of them .
this book was a fictional story taking place during the <location> <caps> .
so she moved and she would call me all the like two time a week .
my first reason has to do with the knowledge that the computer possesses .
it was sunny and warm outside .
because <caps> you are on the machine all day then you are using little to no energy at all .
such as the word you would be spelled u .
about <percent> of people learn hand-eyes coordination using a computer .
everyone sees things differently .
but people need to learn to understand that other people think differently and have different values .
i am writing about a time when someone i knew was extremely patient .
in school you are not offered what you want to read .
they are sold in computer stores and some are already installed into the computer .
he wanted to portray the fact that his parents sacrifice their lives for the authors life .
this article <person> has created a different mood for me .
but i also think that if they did that in the real world .
<person> covered this article on the topic of computer usage .
i believe strongly that these materials should be removed from libraries in most cases .
the laughter that occurred that day filled the gap of distance between us .
thats a lot of money that is being used just for a frame of a building .
if libraries were censored more people would be upset .
this is the mood created in this excerpt .
books that are bad should be taken off the shelf .
it can also help them in anything they want to do .
in a bit of a flirting mood i started to splash <person> who happened to be by <caps> .
he is very tired and almost sick from the heat .
we were in the middle west of <location> and the mountains were so beautiful .
then as we were walking to the car some guy whistled at us .
in the text it said my parents always kept their arms and their door open to many people that were considered family .
the author is very grateful for all that his parents did for him .
we should censor things but only with an extent and not go over board with it .
this problem needs to stop and be addressed by the police .
most dirigibles from outside of the <organization> used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is highly flammable .
i can remember my brother telling me that laughter is the best medicine around .
some books in libraries offend others .
i think a library should have censorship when it comes to what they have and how they organize it .
<date> weeks ago there seemed to be some hope that my best friend and i would be again able to communicate as before .
some of these books present great learning opportunities to students .
he got out and then all heard was hollers and screams .
by concluding the story in that way it helps demonstrate the hope the hibiscus plant brought to her after she failed her drivers test .
being exposed to offensive material and different viewpoints helps shape ourselves into who we are or will become .
the material they choose to read is their own choice .
<caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> in the <date> just be patient .
then i looked around to see what i had to do .
with the a stuff i gave you it helps you see the out look on stuff that is offensive on the shelves
but i think we will <caps> has treated me so well and i appreciate him and what he does for me .
the memoir also shows this mood of graciousness for the understandings his parents taught him .
young kids every day are told what to do and what not to do .
thats how patience helped me .
teachers can calculate students averages easier and faster and children can do their homework efficiently .
so if they had the right to remove that book i would have never got the chance to read that book .
in paragraph <num> the excerpt states the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
you can even fill out a job application right then and there .
all i could think was what would happen later today .
one obstacle they faced was nature itself .
all you do is look up something and you can find it .
it is <caps> because they can give there child a better life .
the hardships of the authors parents are listed in paragraph <num> .
after that we went shopping for some clothes and shoes and the mall was very crowded and busy .
dr <person> of <organization> researched how parents hardly spend time with their family .
this made dirigibles illegal to fly over to the building .
i was patient when i wanted to get on any of the rides .
we stopped at <caps> grandmas and grandpas house and rest .
even though the wait was long the girl behind us was super nice so we ended up making a new friend .
the commercial said it would be out in <num> weeks .
everywhere we go someone somewhere is going to find something offensive .
all of those resources can either help graphing results for science class or even typing up a paper for <caps> .
while the first few weeks in school he is picked on and made fun of .
there is no way that anybody over the age of <num> has never played a computer game sometime in their life .
i will never forget how laughter that very night would become such an emotional memories later in life .
to one point the cyclists original objective became invalidated for his thirst pangs and exhaustion .
how was because he was dieing in need of water .
the builders faced many obstacles in trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it .
i read an article the other day about computer usage in <location> .
many parents of young kids are always wondering what their kids are doing at school .
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me .
one reason that the masts fate was sealed was because of safety issues .
that is how children could get the idea in being a bad kid in school .
in conclusion this is the mood the author is giving .
if individuals find the material offensive they should turn their back and not read or watch the programs .
he had no idea where to go so i lied on the ground with a broken foot for over <num> .
computers can entertain you with games .
everybody has their own ideas on a library and if they want their voices heard let them speak it out .
with all of these obstacles the builders realized that this would not work .
one way is to get the local libraries to participate in putting restrictions on the cards of young children .
well thats what computer are for .
i threw my self our of the start gate .
a lot of people have used computers to learn different cultures .
i was taught to always be respectful to others and try my hardest in whatever it is i <month> do .
the computer allows me to do everything i need .
if you do not want your child to share this book of dreams then do not let your child pick up the book .
i looked at her and said you know everything is going to be alright and smiled at her .
with the computer you can access multiple sites .
first off books that have racist comments in them should not be exposed to our young children .
these obstacles and dangers suggest the mooring mast is a bad idea .
and if he is not and with no water he probably could barely make it up the hills .
it is a right to be able to obtain the information theses materials offer .
thank you for your time .
for example same good exercise .
i read a book that was about some one killing cats and i found that offensive because i love cats i would never hurt them .
two years ago there was a boy named <person> .
the music should be censorship some what like with rap .
the wind was always blowing .
its not always a good thing to censor offensive subjects .
music is an important part to a student because music lyrics can express themselves .
some teenagers including me <month> find some of the material they read-even in school-to be offensive or have a touchy subject .
later in the relationship is where laughter came into play i was laughing all the time when i was around him and not upset all the time .
she will be more confident .
the builders faced many problems attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
but it would be a while before i could ride it .
trust is a huge deal between friends .
its better to learn stuff in real life than in computers .
i am turning <num> and all my friends are coming over and everything .
they sit and tap on the keyboard instead of walking nature trails and walking on the beaches .
tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake- it really did look like a diamondback- blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me .
patience is a quality or characteristic of a person .
he came to the united states in 1956 .
once all the cars are gone <person> informs us on what we are doing here .
i do not agree with libraries censoring what materials they choose to put out for the public .
<caps> of them are classics that past generations have read in school .
<percent> of people that use the <caps> almost everyday are students .
the climate in the story also becomes <caps> difficult .
libraries are here to help and not to hinder our learning .
i think that all offensive images to people that visit the library should be taken off the shelves and removed from the library .
i certainly think computers have a positive effect on people .
the last to boys showed up now .
another major problem of computers is talking or chatting with strangers .
after the meeting we went to <person> craft store .
a computer is one important in ma life if <caps> behind in some classes i could do some research and study at home and learn about it .
everybody should have they own section for their age group .
i had to be patient because we still had a two hour drive to go .
he thank them for teaching him so many things as a child and the environment he grew up in .
you should only be on the computer for <num> minutes a day then go get some exercise .
so he replied wed must be happy and to be healthy and to be with each other .
with books in a library with pictures of men and women questions like that do get asked to young .
after a while two boys about our age enter the sauna while we were still in there .
<caps> it not true that we have something called books .
many people fall asleep to soothing instruments that make a beautiful melody .
you start to panic and lose control over yourself .
when that so called ice is broken the air is open for both people to start showing each who they are .
<caps> finally around <num> pm my parents came home and i asked about the sleepover .
so instead of taking those types of books out they should be put into a room that is strictly not for children to go in .
we can easily avoid this by telling every body these known facts .
they next found that safety was an issue .
if these materials are using offensive language or actions to harm or discriminate against that race then they should be taken off of the shelves .
this was solved by modifying the steel frame of the building to be stronger to keep the building from collapsing .
<caps> loves his parents for the sacrifice they made for him .
it has been proven by science that social people live longer than people who never talk to anyone .
all these girls and i have became so close in the last <num> weeks that they are like family to me now .
<person> remembers his child hood fondly in his memoir about his home in new jersey .
finally my <caps> day of high school was coming up .
thats when you as a parent can sit down next to them and explain what is going on .
any and everybody can come and read any and everything they please .
some experts are saying that computers are having a negative effect on people in our society .
my purple sleeping bag is super slick and was just the thing we needed to glide down the stairs .
builders of the empire state building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
make certain items restricted and red flagged .
her mother said the flower was not as pretty but will survive .
having computer at home is not good specially to children .
the puppies crawled and barked within a matter of weeks .
we found out that we forgot to sign in and so once we did we got in .
the greatest obstacle to the successful of the mooring mast was nature itself .
children should know what cursing is and know it is not right to do .
also in paragraph <num> it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice which again creates a caring mood .
<caps> went shopping and <caps> got rewarded for being patient .
this would make it unsafe for the passengers on board the dirigible .
the computer can help in many ways .
there would be nothing left .
another way computers are beneficial is they bring everyone together .
just like some people <month> be interested in fantasy or comedy .
we went get a bite to eat and went back to the rink when we were finished .
my step dad <person> needed to go to <person> for nails <organization> child locks <organization> i decided to tag along with him .
it was always so boring .
this is my last reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people .
this clearly possessed a problem bigger than the empire state building could withstand .
i think the author concluded the story with that phrase because it shows she will mature .
finally the time come to go get the tickets .
a time when i was patient was actually a few days ago .
one of the memories is the kitchen .
and maybe you should look into how much time your kids are spending on the computer .
one time i was patient was at my dad house .
computers have a positive effect on people .
there just people trying to make money off things that they know that people like .
the clerk told us to get back on the highway i was like no no stay on this road .
out of nowhere we hear a weird noise outside our room .
the author adds the part about the geese leaving because they also have to leave their home .
<person> just laughed which made <person> think she was mocking him but he continued anyway .
nature was also a matter of safety that needed to be considered .
as i was talking to my guys as were next is .
our family has a few specific games that are a tradition during family gatherings .
her legs slid out from under her and she landed square on her butt .
but she was the only friend i had for a little while <caps> i always give her a call every now <caps> then .
this is <caps> affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends .
i do believe that certain materials should be taken of the shelves if they are found offensive .
but instead they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paint ball gun .
and giving details on showing people reading this article is that technology of computers also help <caps> save .
people are spending less time with their health and exercising advance in technology .
because of the air currents .
<caps> just make things more complicated anyway .
i remember her telling me a story about when <caps> lived somewhere else and it was seriously the funniest story i have ever heard .
for example they needed a suitable landing area which they could not do very easily .
with computers it makes going green more possible .
in this situation i would ask for patients .
and we got in line and only an half an hour had gone by when my mom let it .
what happened is that he was riding an all terrain vehicle .
these settings would affect anyone who came across them .
so i had to back up the car so she could change behind this big metal thing .
the bigger kids like in grades <num> should be able to look at the books because it will be word that have heard before .
i had to make through <num> weeks .
we need these books and movies so that there are not repeat events of all of the rough times our ancestors had to go through .
so she had a great idea .
a lot of dirigibles used hydrogen .
he is also very grateful for his parents unselfishness by moving to <location> for his education not even putting the thought of work in their head .
he tried a drop or two and the water tasted like battery acid .
finally they gave us our food and this time we got the store we ordered .
it would be the best four days of our lives .
i also got a good hand-eye coordination .
many libraries in the world <month> have censoring on their materials .
she was very upset .
most reading teacher will have you read a book and then type a essay or a review about your book .
<caps> was down stars making my brother and i school lunches for school .
please continue on to learn about how we should use the computer .
my knees were weak and my hands were slightly shaking as my rapid heartbeat was causing my breathing to increase speed and time .
by having a computer people can talk to other people .
if the person who is reading book or viewing movies that <month> be offensive is viewing them for clear interest then is no problem with it .
just give the book a chance and see how everybody likes it .
this nation was built on the grounds of freedom for what you believe in .
i do agree with you on one thing .
you can make what that person stand for meaning nothing at all .
all three of us walked inside .
<percent> of our children play video games .
in that draft the <organization> took <organization> an defensive lineman out of the <organization> .
even the books we read in school today have bad words in them .
someone once said laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
libraries have become where children are just checking out books by themselves and to me thats a problem .
<caps> cant deny that books and any other writing place ideas in our head .
the floor is covered with toys and a lot of crayons .
the thief in <person> attitude begin to shine through as she robs <organization> portion .
laughter makes us forget about it .
<caps> has brought them closer together and made them better friends .
when plants bud they are born .
the sun was beginning to beat down .
him and his family were always very open and welcoming to other people .
i did not see even one familiar or friendly face .
some might not find it offensive as other do because every one person thinks differently .
he finally found hope .
i think people should be able to have a choice .
it took me awhile to understand what they meant by that .
it would be the first time for them to meet him since he went to a different high school than we did .
there is no point in trying to hide the truth .
and i got two of them .
computer allow many people to become <caps> with each other in new and effective ways .
i think that if it goes against something in a bad way is should be removed and gone .
but you think what you want but this is what i think is good about laughing .
i have never seen her without enthusiasm .
to have a building built over <num> ft .
are whole way home <person> was mad at us because we were still laughing at her but we went to the beach she was over it .
a variety of people could take offense to the content this <caps> contains .
you would censor a school book if it had <caps> graphic text between its covers .
its true because everyone has a right to be interested and learn about what they are interested in .
my <caps> <date> has an expedition car so all <num> of us could fit .
another obstacle was whether .
books should not be removed from the shelves of libraries .
she realized that many of the things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now .
you never know who is going to look for what your have taken away .
the other part of this mood was safety .
i had a lot of fun after i got into then concert .
well i hoped you readers .
the lady said it will take a hour or two so <caps> mom starts to complain .
all in all we cannot get extinguish the flames of our past or we <month> never have a future
the builders could not just simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
therefore i do not think that certain books or music should be kept away from the shelves due to a few self opinions .
if you are waiting to get a shot or life threat results .
<person> understands how hard it was for his parents .
that is what being patient means .
<caps> that one should never give up .
when my <caps> broke his ear-drum i was about five years old .
in hour pass <caps> the boss came he came he said to <caps> dad <caps> for waiting <caps> finally hes done for his meeting .
she missed every ball thrown to her .
this quote shows that he would do almost anything to keep going .
i think computers are bad in three ways and i want to express them to your and hopefully persuade you into going towards <caps> side .
i had a lot of trouble falling a sleep that night though .
the author <caps> this mood with his quotes that <caps> puts in .
they are not a waste of our time .
we packed out for the rest of the night .
if we did not have computers we would not learn the same .
i nodded my head and suggested we take off her clothes to ring out and put in the dryer .
we live in a very diverse world they are going to be different outlooks on the world .
i love <caps> mommy .
the main reason being that there was too much margin for error and that chance did not want to be taken with a crowded city of <organization> below .
<caps> just some minor bruises and scratches my <caps> was <caps> .
<caps> was now in my face and view of <caps> .
the author concluded the story with this paragraph to show how she will take the test when she feels like she is at home .
<caps> they gave up their jobs of working in a laboratory and chemical engineering to make his life better .
on any of those sites you interact with people .
the censorship of the articles of reading in our libraries should be kept to personal libraries and only to personal libraries .
when inappropriate material is inside a child might innocently read into or see something they are not supposed to .
my family will send e-mails back and forth with them .
when we got there my mother signed all three of us in on the sign in sheet then we had to sit and wait .
also if the blimp ever successfully moored it would create tremendous stress on the building .
he was smiling and his legs were strong .
there are also certain people who need book for research and need to take home books for their projects .
it depends on the kind of music you like to listen to if it says nasty things because there is many different types of music to listen too .
which i can understand why someone would want to escape .
computers educate people about places all over the world .
please agree with me .
every person is free to disagree with anything they want to disagree with .
as we moved further on to the next play the laughter had grew louder .
the author has left her home and moved to another country .
when you are on the computer .
she used to pick it with her grandmother and put it in her hair .
others believe that freedom of speech is a universal right that should extend to any and all forms of human expression .
everyone had their own right to get and see the things they want
and in the end it turned out i had a broken arm .
i think she is trying to say when the hibiscus plant shows its inner budding she will to .
like the geese are coming back she is positive that she can take the test again .
anything done so top of a building so large would have to be balanced by strengthening the foundation .
this shows the correction between the plant and the narrator and the hardships of each .
you cant just good all these long house on the computer .
it was my voice that he was laughing at .
but to make sure all your friends should have one question to make sure its there friend .
peoples likes in music vary .
it is also very beneficial to students because if they forget a homework assignment they can log onto <caps> and ask a classmate .
that is why i think the tone of this memoir is a sad one .
i believe patience is important for many reasons .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
my second reason is the less people on the computer means less cyberspace bullying .
she was still stuck on her past .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because where he is riding it is very dry and hot .
it was game on after the boys pulled that prank .
being patience is what you need to get anything done in the world .
not only did it bring us literally closer together but it started our amazing friendship .
the hibiscus has to survive the winter until spring were it can bloom and became big and beautiful .
books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge .
it shows the mood of how he loves his house .
even smaller businesses use the computer to connect to customers .
the authors parents risked so much for their son .
amazing for someone who missed all about a few be for and thats how i was patient .
so if the hibiscus is budding it is starting a new beginning she feels that she will be able to do the same .
another obstacle was the weather .
the kid said that was quick .
after i was done we laughed and then she replied with a story of her own .
it is healthy to be happy other than sad or mad .
but this story is different .
personally i enjoy reading .
the geese are going to always come back .
i think that would be unfair to do that .
it was a hard year for all of us and it was great to see some familiar faces and spend time with some true friends like we used to .
all this happen when children are not being watched or get bored and to pick on someone .
these are two lessons that my parents did not just tell me .
search engines like <organization> or yahoo provide answers in less than one second .
it was my brothers first day of school and he was so happy .
i thought that everyone forgot but i was wrong .
he will love you either way .
after you settle in and are being quite the wood come alive all around you .
computers always warn us about them .
you can do lots of stuff with computers such as help people learn new things almost about everything .
i am very upset that people would do this and go to such lengths to ban a book away from a library .
another obstacle would be safety .
even if you and call some one they <month> not be home or answer .
on the computer you can find almost any game you want to play .
when we would enter into the school everything would change though and i understood that after about a week .
<caps> is a six year old girl that i baby sit .
seconds later shes back in the ring for round two .
i started going school .
computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources .
if a book is offensive it does not deserve to be taken off the shelf .
all three of us went to town and went to <organization> for <caps> .
even though they had nowhere to to work in places with bigger pay .
the air currents were too violent and posed to many threats for danger .
another thing is that the main character is satisfied of what his parents do for him .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
make an alternative section for all the offensive material in the library instead of taking it out completely .
the girl misses her homeland .
i <caps> wanted to leave the table but he was very patient with me .
these are my reasons i think computers are important and positive to people .
we had <caps> much fun .
imagine just driving in a car for <num> hours just driving and stopping to use the bathroom .
we had the most fun that human beings were capable of .
the detail and emotions he uses in those quotes makes the mood a loving mood for all the author gives a great and loving mood in this memoir .
<caps> are we asked in a dreary voice .
email is something that there are so many new ides .
when the author writes tumbleweeds crossed my path it shows that he is most likely in the middle of nowhere .
he might have been very frustrated but he just stayed calm and looked forward to meeting <person> .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show she is not giving up on her new home or forget her old one .
sometimes loved ones go away to some where far away and you cant talk or see them .
books have been around for centuries and can create a whole new world for readers .
<caps> declared as <caps> tried to defended herself .
<caps> looks at me like <caps> was going to punch me .
now lets get started with skill .
tea party giggles erupt into hoarse cries as rolls of thunderous laughter echo through the room .
they see things and then seeing them makes them think that kind of stuff is <caps> .
the first two quarters ended with a dead even score .
i decided of course i can because i had no family plans .
we need the different opinions in life .
the first game we bowled a normal game .
it would not be fair at all for us to rob our kids of the chance to read and learn from books .
the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident would have been .
see now i have a since of humor .
i feel like the ability to laugh is one thing that makes a person fun to have around .
you are so excited until you realize you know nothing about <location> .
also people are very happy around this time of year .
making his house a home and always being there for him .
the problem is that people cant handle what they see .
then he grabbed a pencil from behind him and stuck it in my vagina .
it could easily kill people that were roaming around .
many blimps used hydrogen instead of helium .
people are concerned about if libraries take off certain kinds of books that their will not be books left on the shelves for anyone else .
<person> sat down in a puddle of shampoo and ruptured in chuckles .
i felt so happy and belonged and it let me forget all the fear and doubt for a few seconds .
sure maybe some people are addicted to the computer but others use it only when they need to .
these amazing devices have done nothing to harm the new generation .
this law stated that it is illegal to fly air ships to low over urban areas .
i believe that removing books from a library based on opinion is wrong .
putting lead blocks in the back would be very dangerous .
not just anyone should be able to walk into the library and check out these offensive materials .
i also have a religious view on all of this .
he says that his parents always kept their arms and their doors open to the many people we considered family .
computers are great .
some such as playing sports .
the library is a great resource for any information .
every individual has their own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain .
the last problem was a law that prevented airships flying too low over urban areas .
and you want to go and see what it is so you can laugh too .
the first problem was the material of the dirigibles .
we decided to play mar-co polo .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
computers give you an easy and fast way to communicate with others .
these obstacles prevented the builders from safely devising a way to dock the dirigibles .
short rolling hills are harder on a bikers body than flat terrain .
you can look up the weather for that time .
let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world .
<num> longer then we thought .
which is kind of sad if you ask me .
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home .
imagine your family member or friend fighting in the war miles away .
these are my three reasons on why i think computers have a positive effect on people .
our food came out and were were glad .
thats what i think about what people say such things as the computers not .
at the beginning of his ride there are people around and he has no troubles .
<caps> <caps> looked out to <caps> the boy soldiers were standing around laughing .
i believe kids should have the right to stay on the computer as long as they desire .
when we made the decision to go on the <caps> ride first .
the movie could be rated <num> but the parents still check it out for them .
she lived in a close community were helping hand was always there if needed .
yes i said it they should stay wright where they are .
another problem that was faced with the amount of wind at the top of the empire building .
i believe though that every customer in the library should have the ability to choose what they want to read .
the thousand foot dirigible on top the empire state building could add stress to the buildings frame .
they were going to take <person> to a party .
you can talk to each other .
if you take those away its like your trying to hold people back from education and knowledge that they have in books .
you should have to be a certain age to rent this movie .
it <month> be offensive to you but other people <month> not think the same way .
my last reason i think computer have a positive affect on people is that it can help you with jobs .
<caps> sat there for <money> minutes and they finally left .
we arrived in <location> and had no clue where we were going .
with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium to make them lighter than air .
people want to know whats going on in the world quick and easy .
you can find any certain time in history and have a whole site on it .
thats why i have fishing because it requires patience .
i <caps> have to you like and that <caps> why we send every one of them to school <num> of every year .
i also think everyone could use a little more of it .
after a while i started to feel uncased .
when the time came that they should arrive my friend and i started plotting out our secret plan .
i wanted to let you know that there have been some great and interesting books that i have read from the schools library and the public library as well .
the last two boys showed up and their names are <person> and <person> and <person> is showing up tomorrow after noon .
<caps> quickly made his way over to me and <person> and introduced himself .
we wear both smiling and having a great <time> when we jumped off and met in a hug .
the cops started to ask me questions that were personal .
we had decided on walking around and looking <caps> all the cool stores .
mostly because i find the most idiotic things hilarious .
his parents helped him keep up with is culture by having family come over .
the stands were packed with familiar faces of our small town .
i just think of every movie and book as just a movie and book .
<caps> computers let people communicate with each other .
all she needs is time .
the excerpt states the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
but they go to the and for the thing they have to away .
i think some people just get offended too easily .
one time i was patient .
as we took the next corner there it was .
its hardy and comes back .
then i said wait did you in the fries they said yea .
one laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze .
he turned into the room took his seat .
the happy mood is created by the author in this memoir .
my mom and her sister are sending emails to each other all the time .
i was understanding and did not complain .
now think about global warming .
we were almost at the school and i was bouncy from the caffeine and excitement mix .
architects designing the empire state building with the intent of docking zeppelins to it at heights of over <num> feet no doubt had a lot to go through .
like the time we went into the wrong movie or the time we went out to lunch together .
we also got him some <person> .
when he first leaves its in a hot and flat part of the desert .
everyone but <caps> was trying to make fun out of the rest of the <time> .
as she sees the geese adapting she chooses to try .
they also allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often .
when we came up to another road <caps> decided <caps> was going to turn around .
but i think that t .
or even people who cant talk use computers to talk for them .
you also need a sense of safety .
they can find passwords to accounts .
be patient with the physically challenged because some tasks <month> be hard for them to complete .
also it shows how the hibiscus she just planted is already important to her .
well on my way to the store i was cold and listing to music then i <caps> to the store and look around then my phone rings .
when you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money .
i just went back to sleep .
if your mama tell you to come over here come over here and i was trying to be patience by not trying to yell at <location> .
and if you have been there then you know how long the lines are .
just like the hibiscus flower and the geese .
it all started when we took <caps> to the <caps> for her early check up .
another moment in my life where laughter was a key part was during road trips .
when you turn a house into a home you feel comfortable in it because you have many comforting and loving memories in it .
the builders had many obstacles to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
also like when a person is doing their home work they start getting carried away in taking their time going slow and ends up finishing very bad .
while reading people <month> also reflect on if they lived in a home with people they love around them or a house .
the people would not be the only thing out of hand .
they can bring people together .
in conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more .
these sites give people a chance to find with old friends .
she usually was so calm and in control .
we spent the rest of the night talking about girls and cracking jokes .
so he waited for his turn .
the title of the magazine was superstar .
finally the last reason would be safety .
building the mooring mast takes a lot of efforts because they have to care about wind pressure and holding cable on top of the building .
<caps> people were not allowed to use computers most of the modern would not exist .
on the front was my name in marker .
the two hours seemed to take forever .
so we brought the game and played it tell we beat it .
also help with learning about far away places .
this has been a tricky question for years .
this proves how intense his ride was .
architects could not place a mooring mast on top of the empire state building .
it was really boring everybody got to go in front of us .
our bodies need to stay healthy and fit .
there are many reasons movies can be offensive .
that gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world .
also the weight of the dirigible and the wind pressure would cause a problem for the foundation .
because you can get it on the go .
they showed pictures of funny events on their phones to everyone even including me .
this was all in result of using a computer .
most importantly it will help kids an adults on school work or work .
i got on this ride that rocks side to side .
children under thirteen years of age should not have the option to check out that music .
the tips of my fingers bounced of the arm rest with every one movement .
the empire state building was designed to be the tallest building in the world .
i snap around to see the person who had blinded me .
kids scattered around to room searching for seats near their closest friends .
they are also good because they help you communicate with friends and help people make plans to do with friends .
some times we even laugh all day long like our day in the <caps> grade .
i wanted to leave at stand fifty-five but i had to by something for my mom and dad .
i say this not to make fun of anyone but to thank them .
she ended up apologizing for saying something she should have thought through more carefully before saying .
which could also cause harm to the passengers .
computers are a magnificent tool for new things .
i believe that book should be kept in order of age .
one day we went to our daily kindergarten class together just like always except today <person> was going to get to come home with me and my <caps> .
eventually he did came back .
yelling at the dog <caps> a sign of not being patient which will not help the dog learn .
some of us like to buy or sell things on the computer or do our homework .
i think the author concluded the story by talking about the geese and the hibiscus and re .
the wind at the top of the mast is extremely violent and the back of the dirigible would constantly be swinging around .
this was proved in paragraph <num> .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person .
another reason i believe computers are good for studies in that you have endless .
no parent is ready to tell there child at the age of three what a four letter word means .
censorship also happens in todays media .
i was about to call <person> when i decided that being a little more patient was well worth getting paid .
my dad was living to his work in the afternoon so i had an idle .
another obstacle the architects had to work with was putting the mooring mast up on the building .
let us allow our legacy to live on .
seeing the glasses was like looking into his eyes .
sitting in the car waiting for <caps> mom to get out of the house and into the car .
i remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it .
i think this is the mood the author used in the memoir .
i mean the ones that talk about school or some random story that some stranger wrote and it just happened to show up in the school libraries .
then we rented a car .
<caps> communicating on these are also another benefit .
he would now give me hugs in the hallway .
thats the way id be getting when ever id get bothered at him .
his life seemed like more of a routine and i was curious to find out why .
i immediately grabbed the miniature chocolate pie .
it was a close-knit community of honest hardworking immigrants who extended a hand to people in need .
because of a lack of <caps> .
this is a more indirect approach to removing a piece of literature .
so we raced up the stairs to our bedrooms and looked around .
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen .
i stroll to the kitchen and a brown box is on the counter .
all these statements are true and they reflect his mood towards his family .
i remember when i was patience .
growing up in the environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
<percent> of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places .
we need to break those habits of going back to the computer .
the mood of this story is that everyone can come together in happiness and joy .
we were all very kind of sad but it was okay .
another reason why computers have had a negative effect on people is because <caps> are spending too much time on the computer and not enough time doing homework and exercising outside .
people seem to be trying to shield the world from thing like swear words .
the night that my parents told me they were getting a divorce i called him crying .
that is what the narrator choose to end the story that way .
it really make miss out on half of their day .
our libraries are set up just fine the way they are and i feel we should not try to change the libraries in any way .
another example is communication .
it makes his muscles work harder and use his strength more .
authors have just as many rights as we do .
another important issue that builders could not overcome was the fact that the streets below the empire state building were densely populated .
what are some of your feelings about computers .
if these such parent do their jobs correctly then the youth of <date> will not need for everything to be censored .
she could clearly recognize me .
<caps> to a doctor at <organization> .
the dirigible would not be stable .
books contain adventures and life lessons that kids and adults need .
you would think that your going to hang out with them later .
laughter is a form of communication .
for me it helped me out a lot in life an it helped me save a relationship with my mom .
this can be stopped if we all join together .
i feel that if that one parent complains and no one else has that they should not be allowed in that library anymore .
we were at <caps> <caps> setting up for her party .
i use laughter to let my emotions be seen .
there is also a website called <location> .
we then spent the next four days doing things he convinced himself he <month> never get to do again .
when it is hot and humid out i cant play as long .
the last paragraph of winter hibiscus describes determination and the growth of a person .
she is very shy and quiet .
the authors gave the decision to choice between books or items .
when i am studying i like to listen to music .
which brings me to my next point .
if the materials should be moved they should just be moved to a different area not off of the shelves totally .
computers are a waste of time because they can make you .
so she said she would try the test again .
people <month> think during the winter there is nothing to do .
the first obstacle was the little room they had for a landing spot .
i slid my chair next to them to tell them my thoughts .
we went home and talked about what had happened .
in many cases censorship is a great thing .
i could smell the sulfur smell wafting from the beaker .
and <caps> which is for all age groups .
and it was voted to be a ranking of <num> stars .
this technology gets people every to have an open mind with everything .
so she would wait until she felt at home and comfortable again to retake the test .
learning about other places is fun .
the book i am reading now is about a murder of a young girl .
because you would spend so much time on the computers .
her and her brother are both very patient .
this is a very interesting question .
thats why i believe that you and all others should believe that computers have a positive effects .
<caps> was mostly about the love those two people shared for each other and <caps> the man went through after his love died .
also the books and movies for adults are different than children books and movies .
something has to be done to put an end to this madness .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there are stress to the buildings frame .
safety is the reason because the weight on the building would be dangling above people on the street which would be unsafe .
that was about three years or so ago .
we had to wait a while to find the deer but it was wroth it .
by the third inning we were losing <num> .
the library is a place where many people go to learn .
so now i can stay longer being patient .
that made him even more thirstier .
the library should have a variety of books if not what if the point of a library .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
the mood created by the author was love .
he is a very good author .
so by the time the opening act got done i was soaked .
one time i was patient .
my mom called my grand pa to see what the forecast is .
this is one reason why the <location> .
this is how it all started out .
m you can talk to your friends easily .
no sweetie its not .
computers are bad for society .
so instead of being on the chat room you could be on the computer looking on the daily news or searching like that .
you can also email .
i love my personality .
she could never really stop me because that explicit language was being said wherever i went .
sleep is essential to the body and mind and going without can be damaging .
the books on the shelf are arranged or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first .
giving strangers you information they can trace you down and find the street you live on .
i walked in and well there i found out what a <caps> was .
it has changed the way we do almost everything today .
then he got a phone call that afternoon so he quickly ran like a cheetah to get his phone .
seeing this plant again makes her remember memories from her homeland .
when it can be an educational resource it is very helpful .
moments like these i always want to treasure because these people in your life right now will not always be their .
one time my volleyball team went to <organization> .
by then many more people had shown up .
he is grateful of his friends and family .
everywhere in the <caps> no matter where you are there are going to be things that could either interest you or be offensive to you .
i got up as fast i could and sprinted faster .
it helps on learn about countries around the world and whats going on .
thats all i could really ask for .
computer games and <caps> help take the edge off after a hard day .
it is actually a very simple matter .
last thing is that it helps you communicate with friends and family members that live to far of a distance where you cant see them .
i was happy i made her laugh because she felt better about herself and not worst .
heres future advice .
i think its how they get along and if the have somethings on common .
i was ready to walk down to the beach but <person> said she wanted to go <caps> right on the docks .
every book has a meaning or message that all should know about .
well that was my excuse .
then <person> looked up .
my friends wanted me to stop listening to her music .
i am patient waiting to lunch .
so i sat down and enjoyed the delicious meal .
<caps> my sister in the front seat yelled at me very harshly to shut up .
a <caps> showed that seven out of ten people prefer video chat <caps> its faster and the two people can see each other .
the librarian directed me to there new best seller and said addressed it and said it was as hard to put down as a lollipop .
at least in my opinion she is .
the little boy decided i was all right and started to behave .
all of these are valid reasons as to why a parent <month> advocate for there to be censorship of our libraries .
those are the obstacles that the architects of the empire state building faced while trying to allow dirigibles to dock there .
well think of that .
the next day he went to school and everyone was so impressed and it was super shiny .
during this bikers adventure heat and lack of water affect him .
we waited at least an hour an a half .
you should have at least <num> minutes of exercise each <caps> .
i do not like waiting in big lines .
but what if you were always on the computer and never made time to hang out with your friends or family .
but if your were to take away ever book someone found offensive there would be hardly any books left in this world .
when we got there it was a long line to get in .
when you share a laugh or a smile with someone its almost as if your sharing a deep secret that no one else knows .
many other people use it for these reasons too .
they say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to .
its a quicker and new way to meet new people .
there was an abandoned <organization> .
i think if we think about it we could all be patient .
i think its good to have a healthy laughing relationship with your kid .
the author creates many woods in this memoir .
loving place that holds so many memories .
it was really muddy up there and very wet .
it was also a big thank you to his parents for everything they did for him .
a lot of teens and kids use their computers to shop and stay in touch with friends .
recently you back to your six pack sexy self .
here are some times that <location> and i shared and spent together that pretty much led up to laughter .
one setting feature is the rolling of steep hills .
then the bottom level should be the children level .
the past has nothing to do with what is going on in the present .
what one man considers offensive another man considers to be life changing .
please read on to understand my reasons .
these computers also improve social skills .
when it ends in a few months i am going to be really upset .
laughing can make you feel one hundred times better when you are feeling down in the dumps .
i nodded half thinking there was a magical medication or spell .
through out the day or while watching the movie .
so thats just something ill have to deal with .
we laugh and use context to make fun of each other .
there was a time when me and my cousin <person> did not really like each other but i had to stay at his house because my mom was out of town .
another example is when he had to overcome tumbleweeds and snakes .
computers are all needed just for those reasons .
this is do to spending too much time sitting down in front of computers .
through computers they can talk to them as long as they want at no expense .
several of the other kids went with us and once again <person> was in my group .
this made him despair .
the husband killed his wife because of being single in her relationship status on her <caps> .
most importantly they are a vital source of communication .
<person> has a gift to make anything funny at any time .
we are still patient to maybe get another dog if our parents allow <caps> .
if libraries take the information out of the library the students will not be able to find the info needed for their project or paper .
this law makes docking at the empire state building illegal the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
he starts out riding on flat ground but then is riding on hills and not so flat terrain .
if the parents started to censor these materials early on this debate would not be going on as it is .
my parent wont use to ride a different ride but i wanted to rid this .
there is a lot to be learned from only a few words .
a time i was patience was when my family went to <caps> .
we walked around all <time> .
two more things affected the cyclist .
so the <caps> books and magazines should stay on the shelf .
there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
it was still funny to me the last time as it was the first time they did it .
another obstacle the builder <organization> would be safety .
i was about to die of boredom .
i have a few friends who sometimes ask me for help on something like school work or homework .
we were losing in first half and before first half got over one of our goalies got his hand hurt .
this applies to the maturity of the reader as well .
i think everyone should laugh because you might not know that laughing over the stupidest thing could make any relationship better and make the two people closer .
the beautiful things a <caps> .
i was trying to find a book to read for an essay i had to write .
this <date> i wanted to get a pool for the fun and to stay cool .
she thinks that once she forgets all of the bad things she went through the previous year .
many <caps> have different opinions about whats appropriate and whats not .
another obstacle was a law against flying dirigibles over cities .
losing one can be very sad .
not everyone in this world is going to have the same likings .
i did not think i could wait that long .
i am pretty sure my boss could tell i was nervous and it made me laugh .
little beams of sweat read <caps> slow but i do not want to be the last to turn <caps> in .
so laughing must be an important part of you life or in any relationship you have .
always and i mean always be patient .
when she told me that story <caps> heart warmed and the corners of <caps> mouth went up a little .
you need to have a limit .
the cyclist begins to get thirsty when he comes upon a water pump .
this <caps> the mood is thankful because author is thankful for the culinary skills that is still with him .
the first obstacle they faced was placing the mooring mast on the building .
its also nice to just take a <date> off and <caps> up to <caps> <caps> .
<caps> feels really <caps> to laugh again .
she loves to laugh but her boyfriend hates making jokes .
soon as <caps> and i were both on opposite sides of the street we both started to firmly rap the saran around trees we have already pick out .
i think we have the right to know about important events .
it can make your bond between each other stronger and can really repair any damage that has broken a relationship .
he had made it to a bait store for water at last .
i am going to discuss a patient and being patient .
i have read many books that have inappropriate words in them .
it was a symbol of herself and the hardship she will overcome .
then i realize that i was making mistakes .
in the second paragraph he talks about his home life .
let us make our own mistakes .
computers are very environmental friendly and so are <percent> <date> people today .
the roof top was a flat as it says the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
we had to go through metal detects and stuff before we got on the ferry .
i remember one time when my <caps> <caps> i went to hang out at the mall .
i would describe it as a fun .
also if you use censorship then its going to effect literature in a bad way .
there is nothing wrong with that .
everyone is different .
this is a positive effect on him because it saves him some time and effort .
i know but i cant be when i <caps> hurt my best friend .
therefore worries of problem like this have already been solved .
the back of the ships would swivel around and around the mooring mast <caps> were another major reason .
when people hear someone honk their horn it most likely comes up as <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> person <caps> <caps> .
there are lots and lots of arguments over the censorship of books and how they could affect children .
they let you explore the world in one click and chat with your friends .
and you know how people say computers are bad .
<person> seemed much more relaxed after the game so we continued with the meeting .
the growing mind and body needs to move and exercise .
also these are many hill making him have to use full force to get up them also making water a big deal .
i sit down anxious to get up and move again .
they also talked about the great and fun that they had in doing the plays .
those are the features of the setting which affected the cyclist
well computers benefit our life .
<date> i woke up on a very beautiful day .
he states memories of his child that made him happy .
the magazines should never be checked out .
the mood the author created in the memoir was happy and joyful .
censorship has become a major part of the media now-a-days .
<caps> me being six i thought if i let go that the lama would get hit by a car or never come back .
the main obstacles that the builders of the empire state building had to face were mainly safety and nature itself .
part of a parents job is to ensure their children are safe and looking at materials appropriate for their age level .
with computer you will be able to talk to your friends cant talk on the phone .
nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer .
there a lot of things to life and sometimes we do need as much help as we can get .
one little laugh can trigger a huge friendship waiting to happen .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
computer could be a good way to talk and ask friends about homework assignments you <month> have missed as if you was absent .
then i got the <caps> .
with censorship should be removed from the grade schools and middle schools and not high schools .
her whole outfit screamed adorable .
there are many reasons why and i will explain this to you .
hand-eye coordination is another skill the computer teaches you .
sometimes it is hard to be patient my mom and i just sat on the chairs for a hour and a half .
therefore it was desirable to postpone to a later date that the final installation of the landing gear that gave airplanes the title of transportation of the future .
everyone has a right to read what they want to read .
a perfect day to be at the fair .
statistics show that the average obese child spends <percent> their free time on a computer .
or if a student has to do research for an essay she can find the information easily on the computer .
he arrives at the first town but it is completely deserted .
the memoir is basically about family and how important family is .
censorship is a tricky concept .
there are some rare situations when restrictions <month> need to be upheld but merely based on age .
so for that <time> <person> and i were stuck homeless .
it could have some things in it that people could find offensive .
i believe that these materials should not be found in libraries .
laughter brings people you have known from a long time together because you have had a feeling for that person and for the moment .
the author concludes the story with the last paragraph .
the ending almost repeats this line .
soon he begins to run lost and the sun begins to beat down on him .
when he was almost sixteen years old he began to hang out with a bad group of teenagers .
another thing i can be patient for is waiting for my mom to tell me to clean my room .
especially with me and <person> .
this benefits us because were learning something and growing out our knowledge .
children in there <organization> years through about first year of <organization> should <caps> have to see that .
next time when i go to the doctor i will be extra patient .
people should get off their butts and go .
so i open my door with my very special key that we had to wait in line for and looked at my room it was amazing .
i was standing and someone told and security took us back to the end of the line .
we met when i was on vacation at <caps> .
i will now like to elaborate my reasons further .
first <person> was on the tube and i was flagging on the back of the <caps> runner with my brother .
staying off computer is a great way to help yourself and other people to .
this shows how the author is very proud .
the other pair of brothers were next .
a lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets .
i have to input that i personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past .
to let the general public check out .
they should be replaced with educational things .
we were both quite upset and frankly we were in no laughing mood .
reading books is a passion to some and enjoyable books is a must for them .
say a child around the age of <num> is listening to the new <caps> <person> song .
one day my dad and i had a doctors appointment at <num> pm so we went there on time .
students would take advantage of this and they would have educational books removed .
many people wonder what is considered appropriate for our children .
there was this guy that i liked a lot that i finally had the courage to ask out after <num> years and <num> weeks .
books are meant to be read and interpreted by the reader .
if <caps> are not happy in life then everything <caps> have or worked for means nothing .
when you are in charge of censoring what goes on the shelf many problems come into play .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy and grateful .
yet not all parents allow their twelve year old to watch a rated <caps> movie .
materials should not be removed from libraries .
with a computer you can send a message from the computer to the persons cellular device .
her name was <person> and she told me that she moved here last year from <location> .
hydrogen is an extremely flammable gas that poses great danger .
these are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way .
and when he is older he will no that i was the whole time waiting for him to be born .
some find them more offensive than others .
as it would only make sense to try to keep the peace .
use it for entertainment .
in conclusion computers are an easier way to get information .
a lot of people agree that computer make life a lot easier .
there is not one day where we are together and we do not laugh .
after he reached the first town he checked his supply .
a tree was moving toward me .
talking to people by using the computer has become easier and more dependable than ever .
if you go on a family trip each year to the sum .
another feature is that he is in the desert and running low on water .
a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature .
they should still use the mooring mast today .
some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop .
the wind on the top of the building made it nearly impassible to land safely .
these books that are considered offensive to some people <month> not be offensive to others .
thank you for your time .
a very dark future waits for us if censorship continues .
she is grateful for their perseverance and for their strength through this whole process and thanks them over and over again .
the first obstacle was getting the mast on top of the building .
then me and my mom and i were waiting and waiting for the nurse to come back .
here are some of the examples that i can think of just off of the top of my head .
my brother thought we should hide under my parents blanket on their bed but that just made us an easier target for my dad the tickle monster .
if there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future .
and knew everything .
the problem is that people are spending hours on the computer each day .
my mom had to leave and go to the store to get more ingredients .
of course not all users have a computer for information .
if a strict <caps> would happen to find a book on the extreme religion they could be offended .
one of my close friends had called my name so i turned to wave and when i turned back i ran directly into <location> .
this quote states the changing terrain .
another major obstacle was that there was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
the mood of this memoir is very specifically felt .
it was already <num> in the <time> and we were still on a sugar high .
that takes away a lot of literature for the people that like that material .
you can get things from food to cloths and toys .
i remember the time when i went to the <organization> and i saw a little girl that was patient .
it is his pride that makes the readers feel happy for him .
so why should anyone else be able to take that away from them
this pin-points the mood as well as throughout the excerpt the <caps> speaks about his gratefulness to his parents .
if people listen to this they might want to try it and end up going down a wrong path from these words that are said .
and yes patience helps a lot
<caps> is happy his parents moved to <location> and is grateful of the sacrifices they had to make do do it .
nothing that is what we could <caps> .
some parents say that that is a way to study and a waste of time .
so young children should not be exposed to these such things because it damages there mind at a young age .
and another one was that the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
then the rich popular girl showed up her lime .
today you just have to go onto <caps> <caps> and type it out .
it did this because some of its included feature can seem as actual metaphorically based moods .
<percent> of <caps> have never gone out into nature .
i think everyone should laugh at least once a day .
and i know that know one whats that to happen .
this affected him because he would get thirsty and eventually he ran out of water .
the only thing i hope is that i got my point across to you .
not only will there be no more books but there also wont be anymore libraries for people to go to .
so we watched them as they came closer like a storm getting closer and closer .
the builders would have to pay <money> to fix this problem .
we do not enjoy our surrounding because we would rather be on th computer .
a second obstacle which interfered immensely with safety was nature itself .
if you go on the computer at <num> then you could easily get addicted to a game and forget you have practice .
the faith the struggle hard times .
just because the book offends one person does not mean it has to be taken off the shelf or have a censor .
hand-eye coordination is <caps> important and is preserving our environment .
when she completes and past her test she wants to come home to the beautiful surroundings to remember that day .
the people that believe something should be censored or hidden could have completely different opinions from others .
just pay attention to whats going on in the library .
this is because it explains her love for her family and that <caps> is proud to call her family a family .
he talked about how his land lords daughter was his friend and babysitter .
computers have a positive effect on people .
so thats taking the parents time away from their kids .
i was thinking finally we get to open presents .
being in a chat room all day is also a disadvantage .
she thinks she can pass it next time .
two boys and two girls rushed over and settled down next to me laughing at one another for not getting a seat next to me .
this is another example of how easy it would be to get around that system .
it was almost two hours before we were done with it all .
when he says the sun was beating on me this shows it was hot .
they can be up to about a hour and a half .
so schools use and need computers for students and teachers use .
learning new things can only be interesting if you can actually see them .
now teaching your dog tricks .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
then they were absolutely correct .
here is evidence from the article .
when the author talk about his or her memoirs it seemed like they felt happy having those memoirs to talk about .
everyone was so patient but no one caught anything else .
there is much censorship that occurs in the world .
there where many different moods that the author created in the memoir .
which in another way shows how laughter can make anyone happy .
there was a hollow feeling in my chest .
when they left they went to <caps> but they were rich so they went to <caps> too .
us two crazy monkeys became friends in first grade .
in basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time .
the mood created in the memoir was based off how the author felt about his home and family .
will effect their life in some way .
having airships dock at the empire state building was potentially dangerous as well as illegal .
they had to make over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to the framework before they could think of docking dirigibles there .
kids can learn more but they spend too much time on line .
and they are great for people with jobs .
so after reading this i hope you understand why my opinion is what it is .
that are not appropriate for children .
there are so many websites that make it fast and easy .
censorship in <organization> has been around for as long as their has been the various mediums of art .
it felt like i had an elephant lifted off my shoulders .
the wind at the top of the building was very unpredictable and strong at times .
i burst out laughing before i could continue .
we have become lazy because of devices that have all we need in our homes .
the setting can affect a cyclist by his mood at first the cyclist is determined but as the setting gets worse his mood and hopes go down the drain .
he admires his parent for being as brave as they were .
one example of this is that there are chat rooms or groups people can join .
i strongly believe we should take magazines off the shelves .
also if kind of surgery on it and that will cause you from doing almost everything with that one hand .
maybe you can go on <caps> or <caps> or <caps> or even your email .
they needed to build a mooring mast for the dirigible to dock on the building .
he also talked about how the road was rough .
<caps> said in a very joyful voice .
this is when i am hunting .
oh not that make me to .
<caps> family watched me open them .
books about scary vampires and werewolves are being published .
the silencing of the voices of authors also stops new ideas from coming in to a society .
<caps> that his neighbors where close to him there where basically family .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
like in the excerpt i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
now lets take it back .
i have a lot of patience cause i sit down all the time and help people with their problem .
that means that project should be real easy .
that is why these materials should remain on the shelves .
and so your friends notice wonder .
computers have all these websites that are full of great information .
<caps> i showed her the word-search .
slowly as the terrain gets harder and harder the cyclist feels worse and worse .
this would limit us the ability for students to learn about many important topics in the world .
the mood of the <caps> is happy .
the child feels sad because they feel ugly and they lose self esteem .
the aspect of safety for pedestrians below would have been almost non-existent had the idea been carried out .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
my heart was pumping faster and faster .
who just so happens to think we should continue slavery .
the next reason is there are laws against airships flying too low over urban areas .
now you know all about a time in my life when i had to have patients .
censorship is the most foul and terrifying part of society .
computers are helping people more than they are hurting them .
i want you to go with her and make sure everything is okay .
my main focus that drove me through each class period was boys .
just one key expression or a twinkle in our eyes can crack the other up .
about <num> or <num> in .
my brother name is <caps> and he is sixteen .
i said grandma <caps> cant we do that please .
it definitely benefits society .
you can chat with someone half way around the world .
in fourth grade girls are required to watch a video on the topic of puberty and in fifth grade many girls begin to go through these changes themselves .
seven out of ten teenagers rather be inside in the computer talking to people rather then meeting new people elsewhere .
when you trust a friend you depend on them to keep things between each other .
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
if a dirigible docked before the whale building would twist and sway .
at the hotel the boys got the top story while the girls got the lower story near the swimming pool .
but computers can be a bad thing .
people go to the library to find certain types of material .
in contemns i was patience .
libraries should not be censored .
i bet you use email as much as we do to get a of printers and .
the second reason libraries should not censor what books they provide goes right along with the choices we make in life .
people cant always be reached by phone .
no matter the circumstances .
this creates a full understanding of the test and hibiscus .
the other reason dirigibles could not moor at the <organization> law against airship flying too low over urban area .
i had asked for some napkins but we did not get none .
my favorite memory in laughter happened two years ago <caps> i meet my friend <caps> .
i remember her telling me that she just wanted to disappear it was all her fault .
music can tell you the life of people by poetry .
i mean people could go up there and check them out but that is the adult library area .
i remember when i read about the year old girl on new channels .
this shows the author is grateful for his parents showing him to love cooking .
if the setting of the book was in <num> a .
it is not safe because in case of an accident there could be a large amount of deaths .
they could drop out of school early and live their lives as people who cant learn for themselves .
computers have been so helpful for many people with this same problem .
and no matter if your poor or have a small house family is always there .
the mast was doomed to fail before it began .
i am in the <location> <caps> sea cadet corps .
he also ate all of my chips that i bot at <organization> .
if the cyclist were biking in the <date> on a cold day in the mid <num> he would not have a chance of suffering a heatstroke .
laughter helps in so many situations throughout life .
they had rented a house for us to stay with them .
well this happened to me it was all <caps> crazy like a dream it was during my <num> grad <date> to be exact .
if a parent does not want their kids watching or listening to anything obscene then they have the right to but certain blocks on their computer .
computers can really be bad with our education .
so he could have a good education .
using computers will help you do this and make your life easier .
an extremely large dirigible board at the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame .
nine out of ten people love what computers can do for them .
so obviously computers are environment friendly .
apparently that is not a message worth teaching the youth of <location> .
<person> creates this mood by using various words and phrases .
in earlier times libraries used to be the place where you went to study .
its as easy as that .
she has admitted to failing the test and is upset about it and wants to take that test again .
the answer i came to was no one .
when people fall in love they find someone to share their life with .
all the times i go to the libraries i have never come across a book that was offensive .
the authors chose of the ending paragraph is very important .
her laugh made me extremely happy .
it <month> help other people change their mind by bringing new opinions about the topic to their mind that they have never thought of .
so i did i went to tell him .
i almost fell like could in front of these other kids that are in here too .
we laughed more than we talked .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
i thought <caps> was nice for him to clear that out but i already knew people in <location> talk like that .
the author uses this paragraph because it works perfectly as an end .
see what had happened was i got a <num> <num> last year on my report and a new game was coming out so i wanted it .
so the idea of pulling them off the shelf for your own selfish opinion is ridiculous .
we still have to wait a little bit longer in the if we go back .
another thing is that <caps> is some bad persuading such as bad things that you hear or see and you wonder what it would be like to do that stuff .
at the mall my mom told <person> and i to meet her back at food court around two .
lastly his mood towards his friends is that he treats them and considers them as his family .
every <caps> has the choice of what they pick up and listen to or read .
when people go on the computers they forget all about things they do .
i was in the advanced group so we went fast and never really had to ask questions .
libraries should not have the right to censor material .
people were sad because the <organization> lost the game .
other <caps> included those of safety .
they hold a lot of information about many different subjects that people go to learn about even if it <month> be offensive to some people .
and our right freedom to the press .
now was time for a true test of patience .
i have to be patient every day of the week .
<date> time my computers crashed and i had a report due but all the books were gone .
a complete citizens and drives them from family and friends .
i jumped out of bed woke my sister up and ran into my parents room to wake them up .
some readers could strongly disagree with a book and others could recommend it to all of their friends and family .
this shows the amount of work that needed to be done just on the structure of the building .
they are the ones who should tell teach them right from wrong .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications would have to be made .
in this paragraph i am going to tell you about why i think that people should <caps> other things than going on the computer all night .
thank you for your time <caps>
many practical reasons crushed the dream of having dirigibles dock at the empire state .
i was dressed similar .
by using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase .
they know it will cause a lot of crazy things with the author .
all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
for relationships like family and friends having a computer to talk from if they are far away is great .
it was like the whole town was in on making me annoyed as possible .
you can see that because throughout the story there is so much positivity and warmth .
<caps> is another one of my friends who is constantly making me crack up .
being able to laugh and joke around with people makes life a whole lot easier .
people are and less about the environment does to computer .
there are tons of books in the library that people <month> find offensive to young readers today .
<caps> is a very true statement .
this is one of the largest apple orchard in the area i lived in .
when you laugh until you cant breath and you feel like you have just done one hundred sit-ups .
a time that i was patient was when i was awaiting to get into my basketball game i played for the destroyers .
the first and most serious problem was the safety of the passengers as well as pedestrians on the street below .
by the <date> we were telling jokes and laughing hysterically .
all <caps> computers are equipped with a video camera and you can buy one if you have a <caps> .
he moved in with my family and shared my bedroom .
finally i would want to help out and i really enjoyed my field trip .
i think if we would have waited any longer it would have taken some more work to get him to like school .
in the excerpt of the mooring mast the people attempting to make dirigible docks had ended up with big obstacles in reaching that goal .
i cant remember if that was the ride though .
the third reason offensive material should not be removed from shelves is that everyone has a right to read or listen to whatever they want .
all a sudden out of <caps> where my cousin <person> farts .
and last i think it gives the mood of admiration .
that is why bullying is an important issue and computers have bad effects on people .
on the computer you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to show data .
my eyes opened wide .
this say is said but its not followed .
i was shocked my cousin had so much patience .
the builders faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
i am simply an impatient person .
i tumbled down the hill like an avalanche .
i think <caps> has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers .
it was this <date> we were going to this place in <location> .
now that you know lets move on the second reason .
the directions called for a fourth of a cup of lemon juice .
no thought of safety was thought about before constructing the idea either .
this shows the author is grateful for his parents endurance to come to <location> .
computers are really helpful .
the writer leaves the reader with a sense of hope for the future by concluding with this paragraph .
another example is that there are no buildings around and is deserted with no one around and many hills and roads .
<num> out <organization> <num> people who store <caps> their pictures in a computer agrees this is the best way to do <caps> .
kids are never outside again .
you will find a micro computer thats capable of surfing inter playing music just smaller size then before .
i myself have read plenty of things that would make some people cry or even get really mad or disgusted .
she worked and worked for hours for two days .
my first reason is people can meet new people .
computers are no help to this problem .
is highly flammable .
my opinion on movies however are a little different .
some have short attention spans .
the mooring mast by <organization> is about the empire state building and the expectations that people had for it .
by the tumble weeds that means he was in the desert during a hot period of time .
i realized that i was more happy when i recognized myself and told people the real truth about me .
after a while when he thinks he can go no more he sees a store that once held gallons of grape juice .
they would teach you how to type and take some lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard .
he flipped the switch and next thing i know i was being electrocuted .
you should only go on the computer if you really have too .
hydrogen is extremely flammable and increases the risk of fire .
the old men told him where to go on the map even though they had not been through that way in years .
was neither practical nor safe .
used hydrogen rather than helium to stay afloat .
but when is saw the dunes i knew it was a bad idea for me to climb it but i did .
maybe what you can do is let them use the computer but they can use it outside only if its a laptop .
thats just like music now days you turn on a radio station and people are cussing and making fun of other colored people .
<date> when searching through the library you never know what <caps> will find on the shelves .
probably your family are worried about people spending their time everyday in the computer .
they told my dad that i would be able to walk again but would have trouble doing sports because i have a fractured hip .
removing this items would just be a total chaos .
my mom pointed and told me to go over by the tent and park .
all of these emotions are evident in the text .
her physical health was in danger because of her dehydration and her lack of energy .
also he loved that his parents thought them so many things .
so i can easily tell a true story about laughter from my life .
lots of people like to make a big deal out of nothing .
the greatest obstacle in launching this new design was nature .
my name is <person> .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i believe that this was a good ending to the story .
as <person> said eventually we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i go to the doctors every <num> months .
patience is having control over yourself write you wait .
it would add stress to the buildings frame .
i was told i was too young for one .
the original design did not include a dirigible docking station .
thanks to patience i got delicious fudge and we beat our record .
it makes me happy when i hear one of my friends say oh <person> you just made my day .
computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book .
it told us that the main keys were .
having family to share it with is priceless .
<caps> lead me down to her basement where <caps> had all the junk food set out ready for us to attack .
he is greatly affected by the heat and was so tired he wanted to make sure the building was not an illusion .
the hibiscus is what makes her feel as though she is connected to her homeland .
<caps> said with a smile .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i will take that test again .
hibiscus is budding this way the flower will be starting new and so will she .
<caps> it symbolizes that spring brings new life and hope .
this is why the computer supports our society .
this law made it illegal for dirigibles to tether to the building or even approach it .
i actually brought my <caps> with me .
i guess having laughter with someone you can tell if you well be good friends or not .
hes frightened by it because it looked like a diamond back and he was trying to keep his balance and ease past it .
computers also are how friends and family are able to stay connected and communicate .
everyone will turn out to be the same if they cant express themselves or their opinions .
the over all mood created by the author in the memoir is gratitude .
this is the time i was patient .
even if that includes some of them being offensive .
but i know that everyday he looks down on me and thinks back to all of the good times that we had .
this made it unsafe for the pedestrians down below .
but now knowing that <person> and i can laugh about it makes remembering that time so much easier and better .
we wait that long and the ride was like a couple minutes long .
it would be unjust to stop advancing in this technological wonder .
other experts disagree .
there was many features that affected the cyclist such as heat and lack of water .
like at any <location> or any where there are magazines with ladies in there bra and underwear and its the same thing with the guys .
they believe the parents should tell their children about everything while they try to make it one big secret for kids .
you can just about get any book there you want to read .
it is illegal however to check one out to a child of a young age .
computers help us learn and communicate .
books should be something that each person should have a choice in .
an example in where laughter was very beneficial to a person happened with one of my friends .
<num> hrs past they were getting madder .
were lucky to have a gift of such natural joy .
it was dads dream come true .
so i went with the girls .
<caps> muttered looking away .
<caps> i left and i still waited until my brothers finished .
this is the same age a person must be to get into a <caps> rated movie without parental supervision .
this is why computers have a negative impact on todays society .
this is a threat to any living creature .
many of these companies let us take these devices to allow as to do everyday things .
other people think that computers cant give you any problem but computers works with electricity and pay for the electricity bills .
<caps> technology goes up seizure rates have also gone up .
if you are trying to get work done or learn and there are distracting items on the shelves then it <month> make things more difficult .
communication is not as easy to do by phone anymore because people are always busy and on the computer .
we drove up and parked next to the rink .
i am not the only one on my basketball team who feels this way .
that is why i think the computer has a great effect on people .
the librarians will not take books off the shelf for one persons opinion .
outdoor <caps> in sixth grade i went to outdoor <caps> i got up really early and went to <caps> where the bus is taking students to outdoor <caps> .
i think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others .
we let her sleep and wondered outside again .
each book and even magazine has a fact of information regarding what is either happening in the world or what could happen .
and people say its one of the fastest pieces of technology known to mankind to people who need it .
i think it should be allowed because its for everyone .
it also allows us easy information to help write the essays .
there are also things you can buy to video chat with family or friends .
this chance would be magnified with the weather and any accident would have high human and property costs .
so i decided to go around the house and try the front door .
<caps> i cant either .
when your on the computer all day everyday your missing out on whats happening with your family you miss out on every thing thats going on .
computers are very useful in many different ways .
get your stuff together and i will call you back with more info .
if they took the chance and something went wrong innocent people could die .
but first i well just discuss the way i disagree with removing offensive things .
one of the obstacle was that buildings foundation had to be modified .
i would do a observation on all the books that we had in our library .
but you can always stand your ground and try
the funniest thing about him is how fat he is .
and also when he saw a building he was determined to get to it .
remember bring something to do while your being patient .
safety was the greatest reason why it was never used as a docking station .
another obstacle that the builders of the empire state building had to face were the safety issues of the new mooring mast .
is is not the same as the actual thing .
some of these books have historical meanings behind them .
it ruins your marriage if you are married .
my first reason <caps> i think computers have terrible effect on people is because its a waste of time .
<caps> all of this stress to the foundation was a challenge because the foundation .
the last reason is we had to wait <num> minutes in a line so we could get back into the <location> from <location> .
censorship is not entirely necessary because people will always find something that they are not exactly looking for or interested in .
almost every line was extremely long and the whole store was packed .
for me laughter makes the world go round .
those are the moods that i think the author created during the memoir .
hope you enjoyed it .
the unforeseen safety issues lead to the downfall of the creative use for the building .
i believe that she feels better because at the end of the paragraph she sounds sure of herself .
sometimes just the little things in life are the greatest things in life .
so the effect of computers on people is <caps> .
thats when the laughing began .
<caps> third reason that it give people the ability to learn .
so does the heat from the sun .
be a bigger person and allow that person to live there dream through a story .
i got up with excitement .
everyone as agreed to this without hesitation so you should too .
it was scary but we still went and had a great time .
no i do not think that some of these materials should be removed .
people are not leaving their house and not getting active .
there are always an opposing side .
and to let the passengers on and off there also .
laughter is always the answer .
that night was one of the best and <organization> memories of <caps> childhood .
so me and my dad were in this waiting room it was suppose to be .
instead of parents trying to remove the books that many other people like they should be more disciplined with there children .
events such as that are the exact reason why i think that almost any book belongs on the shelf .
movies are a good source of entertainment and that wont change either .
<caps> said that <caps> learned the real definition of family .
i just wanted to hang with <caps> .
it is his most favorite place in the whole world and that is why he talks about his home in great detail .
it was not very safe to have a large aircraft with passengers hanging over a large city .
the hibiscus in the sentence when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding .
then <caps> left me alone to think .
the parentheses had given the authors look into his reality .
third reason every could be offense to somebody .
there is a point to be proven or a side story to be shared within most books .
any parent would tell you that they would strongly dislike the idea of their child reading something very detailed and adult like .
music helps people find their activity in many ways .
he always says that the computers nowadays are very easy to use for talking to people .
the two cars look like the just been hit with a tornado .
that made the builders very stressed and made them think clearly and carefully about the wind pressure and also the dirigibles load .
this is not going to be good .
i started going daily again .
because it was held by a single cable tether that would add stress to the buildings frame .
then they told us in which cabin we were suppose to be i had seven cabin members including myself .
there are mass amounts of influential materials from the media and also from peers that a child is subject to .
he lost almost all hope when he reached an old and destroyed grape juice factory .
i asked my mum when we were going to get home she said just be patient .
the setting makes it hard for the author to maneuver and get to where he wants to go .
words do not exist that can describe how amazing those parents are to do what they did .
this made them rush and really <caps> for this .
many children who play sports that have computers actually manage to catch a ball faster than usual .
when you can talk to people from around the world .
revoking the rights to the literary works of thousands of authors would also take away an intellectual culture that is conveyed .
they also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all .
that person is my brother <person> .
but whose to say what i think should have an affect .
his parent found out that he was addicted to this game <caps> of <caps> .
make imaginations become real and just enjoy what natures about .
even if that particular book is telling you whats right about the topic .
the first way he can get me to laugh is by tickling me .
computers teach hand-eye coordination and allow people to learn information from all over the world .
there are plenty of dangers out there in <location> .
libraries are places that people can go to stray away from the norm and get lost in the works of other authors and musicians .
i kept complaining on how long it took .
this was strange because <person> was the type of dog that liked to have a lot of attention so he was always near you .
everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies .
i think these websites are great and can only improve society .
now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money .
i think it was freak luck we survived that day but some how we did .
having a mooring mast atop the building with a dirigible attached would put great amounts of stress on the buildings frame .
it also helps us understand our life today and it helps us talk to people around the world .
the power of laughter brought us together like a magnet and a washer .
i also hope they people make the right vote .
she was mad at her little sister for taking her blue hair ribbons .
so now it is only my dad and me left in the line now .
the speed limit was 55 .
<person> went upstairs to ask <caps> mom if <caps> needed anything .
must of the offensive material will open the worlds eyes .
it would not be fair to anyone in this world if we took out certain books and materials because one person had got offended .
it shows that she will do what needs to be done in order to survive just like the geese have to do .
another obstacle that added difficulty to the construction was how much pressure having the dirigibles moored to the building added to the base of the building .
a certain amount of time can be plugged in .
we laughed for probably a half an hour <caps> one of the guys told us about some funny collage party things that had happened .
it is the one form of communication that we all know and understand .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
that will affect me in very negative way .
for example in football they take any problems and use them as reasons to push themselves harder to finish the game .
i would say this because even though books are good they use hard to find .
some people get offended by some of the material and feel that it should be removed .
but even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us .
i check over his work while him and my mom had a fight .
allowing docs up on the empire state building was very dangerous .
<person> in the <caps> says that if eating meat causes his brother to stumble than he will not do so .
here are my three points to consider .
she became very lazy .
not only having a chance to be killed of dehydration or being ran over .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood where the many things i learned there about how to love .
line was very long so i had to be patient to get on the ride .
<caps> proceeded to walk over to the group .
<caps> to the wind .
my cousin was impatient that day because she wanted to go home .
the thing that we have learned is that we should never be sitting next to each other .
she start crying so bud i loud no idea <caps> to do .
we quickly put our snow cloths on and began running for the door .
as to remove books should not be allowed no matter how or what the content of the book <month> be .
one time i was very patient .
i listened to rock music at the time and loved how talented the artist was .
there one of the greatest inventions .
if she wanted popcorn she would get some corn shells then put them into a pan then start a fire and who knows how long that could take .
the topics typed into search engines will help find any information help to you .
this quote means that it was getting hotter and this was going to make it harder for the cyclist to ride .
by using the computer you get the as a book and easy .
my mom said that i was really patient .
he watched one of my brothers game and approached him after the game .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
most dirigibles used hydrogen instead of helium and hydrogen is extremely flammable .
i am just an ordinary girl with a story like every other girls .
in history <caps> because he killed people .
i love talking and having fun maybe if i was more patient it would be more fun .
another obstacle faced is the weather at the top of the empire state building .
here are my reasons why .
my eyes flew open to see that we had made it to the pool .
on paragraph <num> in the article it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the second example is i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
there are many hills and the terrain changes a few times .
then days started to go by faster and then my birthday came up i was so happy to finally see <caps> i was getting .
it <caps> simply not enough to drop a child off at the local library and hope they find something interesting .
so what if all the non sense things <month> have caught your attention .
being a fan of her i would either find someone else to model after or do as she does because it cool .
they affected him physically because of the rough terrain and the heat because he was in a desert and in the mountains .
i say get read of it all and do everyone a favor
sometime when u laugh its also harder to breath and your stomach might start to hurt .
i wondered if they were truly this way or if they were just pretending .
we talked about fake teeth for about an hour .
some say kids are like sponges .
i also think that the movies and music is something we all love thats in the <caps> .
an example is a young child <month> think that the word stupid is a curse word while some older people think that it is not a curse word .
in the end of of the paragraph it said all those things formed the backdrop to life in our warm home .
so once more me and my cousin went in to the restaurant .
the most dreadful words fell out of her mouth like water coming out of a faucet .
so now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach .
<caps> went from just living there to it being his home .
laughter can bring <caps> instantly to enjoyment no matter how unbearable the struggles in your life <month> be .
the next struggle was the structure of the building .
to get on top of the empire state building .
getting more exercise could help you out in a big way because the less exercise you get means the less healthier you are .
it was a risk not worth taking .
this had made the cyclist dehydrated and not think right .
i think they should really stop making those books or have their own stores to where like adults can go buy those books or whatever books they want .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness and happiness .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there are lack of a suitable landing area .
its nothing wrong with doing that because that is my choice in life .
in my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in .
we watched the fish as they swam around in their concrete canals for at least twenty minutes .
which has helped are society in <caps> ways .
but i still wanted to continue to be friends and communicate with him every once in a while .
i walked out of the store with <caps> new <caps> <caps> fishing pole feeling like i was a million bucks .
should be removed from the shelves .
it all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are .
anybody should know that your own opinion matters than anything else or anybody else .
you can see the foreshadowing .
even if some people find an object offensive someone else might need that object for something like school work .
this paragraph is a very significant ending to the story because it represent s symbols in the story .
this memoir focused mainly on friends and family getting together to celebrate .
this setting also establishes a happy sort of mood .
the one time when i was patient was at dance .
also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades <caps> doing so .
everyone has a different look on it .
censorship in libraries should not be allowed .
these materials should include information on any topic the library can get in their possession .
it was a close-knit community .
that motto is what i try to live by everyday .
not just to him but to almost anybody .
everyone hid in attics and basements waiting for the world to end .
it all started one day when me and my cousin <organization> were at home .
people find things offensive everyday .
children are the future and they need to be taught the right way .
the brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision .
there was a total <caps> barrier .
<caps> is a novel that displays what life was truly like in one of <location> most racially barbaric times .
i know that when there is no one around i get scared .
what i mean about that is that he loves and cherish his mom and dad for what they did for him .
rough roads make him work hard to get through and then over the hills .
those cost <money> per year .
the last obstacle that the builders of the empire state building faced with public safety and this was the greatest reason .
safety and wind were the two challenges that the builders could not over come .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that he was happy .
thats a real way to show hand-eye coordination .
the builders of the empire state building face a lot of problems on trying to make a dock for dirigibles .
the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit by <person> suffers from some hardship while riding through the desert .
you can <caps> your job and talk to the people you need to talk to .
the cyclist got information from an old guy that has not been off his porch for years .
if others spent at least a half an hour being outside to <caps> some fresh air instead of using a computer most of them would feel a lot better .
money can also contribute to the addiction .
people will start eating too much and so they will become lazy .
so being patients mean you have to able to wait .
<caps> how the stress factors on the building troubled its construction .
ring ting my custom ring tone for incoming texts sounded .
all of these troubles did affect his trust in old locals though .
the <caps> shares her background life with us .
laughter i have many friends .
doctors show that <percent> of people that spend time more than <num> hours a day on a computer have glasses or have a very poor vision .
it is understandable to a certain point .
now he way <num> pounds and he is only <num> .
so we wait for half an hour just to put our drink orders in .
you doing that is causing more trouble than it is actually worth .
as you can see the computer can help society .
everyone was lined up to see what it was .
another obstacle that they faced was that most of the dirigibles from outside of the united states use hydrogen rather than helium .
i heard everyone in the line groan .
peoples language could be different or there personality .
just because one person has different beliefs or what their standard is for offensive would not change my stand point on the censorship of certain articles .
it all just depends on the family .
if so had done it affect thous .
not only did he have to through tough weather but hazardous condition too .
the mooring mast seems like a great idea .
computers are used by many people to interact with another .
some things in my life that make me laugh are my nephew my family and friends .
they were as long a 1 thousand ft .
he says my parents always kept their arms open to the many people we considered family .
a recent study shows that <num> out of <num> families who purchased a computer in the last year have halved their exercise and play time .
they also get tired every easy .
libraries are our way of knowing what has happened in the past whether it is all fact or maybe fiction .
we started up at the roller coaster while the sun beat down taunting us .
the setting brought him fear but he made it through .
the video got to the part when my cousin and i were bouncing up and down grabbing our dress and making a show for everyone at the party .
it teaches the reader that the heart felted sacrifice and hardship the parents endured is priceless and the love that an immigrant family has for one another is endless .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
censorship should not be allowed because it limits what people can read .
after watching the two woman i turn in front of me seeing now a teenage boy and girl .
is that not much evidence at all to show the people that something is wrong .
my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family .
were was the best roller coaster i had ever been on .
in conclusion i hope i have created a clear message that you will take into consideration highly .
there are many things you can do that a computer can do and better .
books that are offensive <caps> view point is that books should not be taken off the shelfs if taken offensive to one person .
the first thing that affected his ride was the heat .
i let them tell me what they think would look better or would give more points .
hes riding a like in the middle of summer with little water and in the desert .
would you be able to about <location> from you living rooms without computers .
as said by <percent> <organization> people from the state <organization> <location> .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
laughter can start in one place like <person> and reach out all the way to <location> .
suddenly it had started pouring .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced were many .
all you had to do is type it in and it gives you a lot of information .
then i also think that they should take the bad things of the shelfs at libraries .
where ever you look you can find a computer .
computers are very helpful in many ways .
at first the mood the author created was <caps> .
it is very dry and hot out there but
we need to stop all this over protection in our libraries of all places .
so her patience for that was like really cool and she told me that patience is a number one priority .
laughter is the element that could bring a group of people into a tight bond of friends .
the author created a very positive and optimistic mood in the memoir .
once there was a little girl that was very spoiled and wanted what she wanted .
as you can see this is my third and final reason as to why i believe computers are positive .
they never can do anything like going outside and doing sports .
<caps> when <person> got out of her car we were just getting <caps> her car .
the town hills helped the cyclist .
there is no point in removing any material from libraries because you would accomplish nothing .
people who use computers at work can multi-task .
the cat gets its goal by being patient .
i knew this would be a hectic day for my mom so i decide to be patient and read .
then there was a law that air craft should not fly too low over urban areas .
<caps> begins to try and understand my strange ways .
i guess i will not wait .
<caps> i had to just sit there for about half- an- hour until my name was called .
this would be true because of <caps> fathers great level of patience .
<organization> is a multi-million dollar company .
when the cyclist started his day off ready to go .
all day we were on our best behavior because we wanted to go to lunch and then hang out for the rest of the day .
they would let people stay at there house if they needed help or if they had to rest .
<caps> first reason is freedom of the press .
and also the law that air ships cant fly low in urban areas .
also they have games for computers that people get hooked on .
i had a same class with him and i was his partner .
when it came to trying to allow dirigibles to dock on the spire of the building .
i do believe that libraries should censor certain materials .
this is why i support the computers .
computers have also made society lack motivation to go and exercise .
the firemen in the novel destroyed any bits of type because it was false and went against the government .
there are so many different types and styles of music .
science also benefits from computers .
she hear when the hibiscus comes back brings new hopes to the life to take that test for .
i also think that no one person should have the right to decide what books are too offensive for me to read .
put a smile on your face and turn your frown upside down and laugh .
through out the world laughter is a universal sign of happiness .
this memoir describes how <organization> grew up and his meaning of family .
when we where all done with that we stared to unpack our stuff .
i was so kept my cool and waited .
when you hear the word patience what do you think of .
i believe that everyones opinion deserves to be publicized fairly .
we were laughing so hard that <organization> fell off of her bed .
after a couple of days she decided to be patient .
the last mood i feel the author created was he was grateful .
i wonder what his mom must have thought .
as we were driving so many thought were racing through my head that i thought i would puke in the car .
computers not only help people in school but at home too .
starting with what they listen to or what they watch .
laughter is one of the many ways to share a memory .
one person thinks it is a very offensive book and the other thinks it is a very beneficial book .
she took <caps> and put <caps> on the kitchen table .
magazines are stocked on shelves in stores and on the front will tell you exactly what is in the magazine itself .
there are too many magazines that try and expose women .
they cant choose for themselves what to see and what not to see .
i think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad .
i gripped tongs with disappointment and put chips and cheese on my plate .
as time and miles went on the scenery mover changed .
my parents replied just be patient were almost at the front .
when little kids came into the library does it seem like they should stay away from that section .
when we started to head back down the mountain <person> let <person> drive down .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him in a near death situation .
if you wanted to you could plan a day to go and see her .
they had failed to predict the potential problems that they would face .
even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mast the back of the ships would swivel around .
were floating by hydrogen rather than helium .
another obstacle they faced was safety .
then my grandma deices to put on the wig .
the plant must survive the winter and come back in the spring .
they allow you to do homework that cant be done by hand .
also the maintenance of the computer will take away time for exercising .
the last thing a person wants to do is be happy or laugh when that day has arrived .
laughter is a key thing and its something that can bring your relationship closer in many ways .
i got my flue shot and the swine flue shot .
one case is how people should know about the holocaust in the <date> .
doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures .
whether or not children read or see the offensive material is the decision of the parents .
<caps> and <person> came over to sit with me as i waited for the show .
thats less trouble you will have to go through later on in life .
it is also a great way to plan family trip or to book flights and such .
the tension between us broke and fell of our shoulders like a very heavy pack that we both had been carrying .
the worst is probably watching bad things .
he apologizes and explains a couple things to me .
me and <person> shared a room with her parents .
i have been to the library as a child and seen all the books there .
my mom was just watching <caps> .
the main obstacle was the lack of a suitable landing area .
the good thing about computers is that it teaches you hand-eye coordination which helps you see better with your eyes .
so i hope you enjoyed reading <caps> essay .
going to the library for a book on your report would consume extra time .
one of moms they able you to talk to friends .
there are some books that have some pretty nasty stuff in them that you could find in a library .
another obstacle the builders would have to overcome was the winds at the top of the building constantly shifting directions .
even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer .
the setting can affect anything .
open your laptop for easy translation .
also he is a great man .
i had to go to the <caps> <caps> to get it .
she thinks it is the funniest thing when he starts laughing .
<caps> should be a persons personal choice .
the cyclist was running out of water and now thought he was going to die because everything was deserted .
completing such a project would be extremely difficult because the building was not designed for docking dirigibles .
then my parents called my school to tell them they were picking me up .
out of all the <organization> i have had that <organization> was the best <organization> ever .
they explained how most dirigibles from outside the <location> use a different gas called hydrogen which is highly flammable .
the rough terrain was next causing the cyclist to work even harder to cycle .
but one day while we were playing it was extra muddy from a storm the night before .
they should what kids need to read like educational books for school or for other things .
laughter is the thing that helped bridge the gap between him and i .
it was too dangerous to tether dirigibles to the mast of the building for four main reasons .
there should just be a children library and then make another library for the adults .
i forget her name but she likes to talk with a <caps> accent .
growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
computers are like chocolate .
all in all we would have some fights about where to stop on the way from food or when to turn but nothing too serious .
i know when i get bored i go on the computer and play a game called <caps> <num> .
so before u judge listen to the whole song .
the <date> come and i went to school .
also you could use email to communicate with others although it travels slower than other of electronic communication .
<caps> like these swirled in my head .
the offensive content should not be removed from libraries because it is usually in a mature section and it has a right to be there .
at the end of fifth grade we had a little graduation ceremony .
and being impatient means not writing your turn .
people are different in many ways .
i go on the computer and go on yellow pages .
i understand why they made that decision .
well because you can watch episodes of your favorite <caps> .
my mom said again that i have to be patient .
this could have never happened either because there was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
this shows that there were always people around .
this memoir shows that the importance of family and friends creates a positive feeling in anyones life .
these stories have a large role in history .
writing is a way to express yourself .
then we have no books left .
were working on the thing now .
computers benefit people all over the world .
and the greatest obstacle that the builders had was nature itself .
we looked at the line it was a <num> hr wait .
some books should be kept behind the counter and only used for certain classes though .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there .
there are games on websites .
lets say they set a <num> hour limit then once its up they have to get off .
every time i drive through <caps> i think about the day when the sun was hot and we sat by fishing poles exchanging laughs .
this shows that he is grateful for all the extended family members he has .
he would try to do every trick in the book and then some .
that was a time when i was very patient .
i will call him later .
i know i like to go on the computer better then carrying really heavy books home .
this affected the cyclist by making him tired .
having separate adult and children sections could solve this problem .
i believe <caps> the easiest way to trigger the best emotions .
i jumped out of the truck and ran to other side .
this being said why should public libraries be okay with stocking this material .
the obstacles of making the empire state building into a mooring mast caused too many obstacles that could not be solved .
another problem that faced the builders in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building were the winds at the top of the building .
one obstacle in which builders would face is safety .
finally we arrived to our exit and my sister makes it to the dance class .
maybe even invite them our to talk face to face .
thank you for reading my paper .
she opened the door to let me in and shinned the light down in the cracks so i would be able to see more clearly .
it was the funniest thing she had ever told us that happened ever since she starting working .
these statistics show that computers are better for peoples health than they are thought to be .
researching for a class and making a project .
<percent> of the working humans is a larger amount .
computers have become a negative influence on people today .
she can make me laugh in a way a lot of my other friends cant .
i have been asking him everyday since then .
he is now a fashion designer .
more and more people use computers but not everyone agrees that this benefits society .
next i believe that computers benefit society because <caps> keeps people organized .
i <month> not agree with all the statements they bring up but they should have a fair chance like anyone else would .
it was a <date> and i came to her to spend the <time> .
things that look bad tend to be censored .
that know matter what i do i cant make it go away and the computer ends up being broken .
at every click of your mouse there are new things to learn .
that is <caps> is hot in the music world right now .
again i thank you for reading this letter .
he seemed extremely sick and i remember being really scared .
it was a bright sunny day and there was a long line outside the airport .
how do you think people can shoot a gun so and so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time .
they teach us about events or people who were before our time or problems some people experience .
you would get your way .
this could got their eyes off the computer screen .
now i am going to tell you how everyone has computers .
the majority of students today crowd around a computer while they can be taking care of their body .
the dryness was a huge problem during his journey .
i think that the offensive things should be taken off the shelves .
the most important reason why computers have a bad effect on people is that the time they spend on the computer they could be exercising to stay healthy .
using a computer will help us in life by talking or making friends on line .
and hydrogen is highly flammable .
they communicate there more than they could without computers .
staring out at the fast flowing water and toss <caps> baited fishing line off shore .
first people give him the wrong directions .
these are the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
he started by telling the scenery he lived in during a time of segregation .
laughter can create this type of bond thats hard to sever .
but if we take away every book that a person does not like then what do we have left to learn from .
this has happened to me before .
multiple people do have to use computers for multiple things .
once we finished unpacking our gear and setting up our tents we decided to go swimming .
winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
and the way we obtain this knowledge is through media .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for a couple of different reasons .
some <caps> feel that reading a book about there problem will help them get through what ever problem they are having .
if the gets caught on the bike it could have caused him to fall and it could harm him .
she sees these flowers after failing which reminds her that she never given up before .
paper air-planes flying one direction and mouths going off in another .
the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced attempting to make the dock for dirigibles .
it is a new and inventive way to communicate .
there are times my mom heres something on t .
a computer also new friends from other towns .
the builders of the empire state building seem blind of all the dangers that would be a result of the mooring mast .
the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have had to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation which was <num> feet below .
as you can see computers should be used as much as they are being used by the general public .
also another way to chat with people is by a .
i listen to the radio station <num> sometimes and all the music is mostly about violence .
he had a limited supply of water and that also affected him in a very bad way .
i find <caps> in the <caps> to be dangerously inappropriate .
the triumphant smile and slick wink he shot me from across the table told me that he had won .
that is how the author sets the mood .
this is a good way to conclude a story .
she just the point of the story across and its a cheerful way to end it .
computers help people learn and make work easier its a fact .
computer <month> seem helpful but of <organization> they are a great way to research for <organization> reasons .
and i want on <organization> .
if that was how things worked there would be nothing in the library for people to enjoy .
love was building up between us .
then it tells the month summer of course makes the temperatures for the cyclist about <num> almost maybe even hotter .
the features of the setting in which the cyclist is in change his outlook on the trip .
<person> however had passed her test i was happy for her and i congratulated her but i was still in a way jealous of her .
they were very big so they needed enough room not to hit anything else .
patience is dealing with teachers at school and trying to understand their point of view .
the builders had to face many problems while trying to build the tallest building .
the author ends the story with this because it counters her statement when she say i-i failed the test .
the computer is also jam-packed with loads of information that is helpful to anyone in the world .
he asked me as we walked out the door to go pick up <person> .
last but not least on my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials like magazines .
people are different and believe in different things .
smoking can lead to cancer or death .
being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death .
we let ourselves out in cries of joy and cackles .
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean .
and probably makes him wonder if he is ever going to make it to a town .
sometimes they eat potato chips and cookies and have soda .
no you tried to hit me no you were rushing me so i went .
also that the water felt around two-hundred degrees .
this way the only access to the books would be to get a key from a librarian .
the author is hot from the sun .
the story tells about the girls transition into the different culture .
not only books but music or movies .
i hope you take my thoughts into consideration .
taking away for many .
another obstacle was nature itself .
there are more bad things in them then in books or music .
my life is full of laughter and will be full of laughter for my life because of one person .
we all would have not personality at all .
the weights dangling above peoples heads was very dangerous .
it would almost certainly be against the law for a dirigible to be so close to a building with so many people in it .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
winds at the top of the building made dirigibles almost impossible to land .
i have once read a book with very mature content .
the whole screen thing brings me to my next point .
we looked back at her and saw a completely puzzled look on her face which we found absolutely hilarious so we burst out laughing .
i think that it is a good thing for someone to feel good about themselves because it brings a positive feeling in the room .
also you can video chat which allows you to directly see somebody and actually talk to them physically .
another thing you can do is download music to your do you ever have line that think of not busy so do it now .
and the final example is when he mentions that lots of his family and friends grace their kitchen table more times than not .
if you know what i mean .
he had to travel a lot further then he had planned to .
i also learned its better to wait for some things .
i think it offends lots of people .
i was patient when i went to the doctors .
i am always patient person until i sit for hours then i can oh patient person .
what if there was a great informative book about how to do a certain task and no one knew how to do it .
my <caps> asked a lady who sat behind the front desk .
they then want to play with toy guns and pretend that they are in a gang .
you could just put age restrictions on the books .
i have been friends with them for <num> years now .
i also played some games .
they had to find a safe way of mooring airships to this mast .
some movies have a lot of cursing in them but that does not make it a bad movie .
this just happens to be one of my opinions of censorship .
there have been protest in the past of the freedoms of a person or even race .
when i was patient .
so i guess you can get cool things when you are patient .
there is also website like face book that let you talk to your friends websites like that connect people .
they chose a certain song and made a dance for it .
patience to me is a personal thought that turns into action .
some people are offensive but you must remember they are entitled to their opinion .
i have a number of cousins in <location> who i only talk to if i go to visit <caps> which is very rare .
when we could see her through the window .
<caps> pretty much my life .
in all the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the empire state building was a failure .
have a get together with your family and go places and chill .
one of the obstacles they faced was figuring a practical and safe way to dock the dirigibles .
in the memoir the author creates the mood of happiness when he talks about his parents love and caring for others .
everyone has their own opinion on things such as the music we listen to or the books we read .
it would not be fair or right to remove books from the library
people believe in different things .
<person> had always been the patient twin in fact that <caps> everyone called her .
it is great for kids because they need to know these things any ways .
once a mind is aware of such adult matters they will look at the world completely different .
so the setting in which the main character was riding had a huge effect on him .
he said to wait one more day .
when weather rolls in giant fluffy clouds make the sky look like its dappled with giant pieces of cotton .
a fresh start like the blossoming hibiscus .
some music has a very catchy beat to it and could get stuck in a young persons head .
i personally agree with them .
the terrain goes from being very mild to rough and rolling .
the features of the land around the cyclist caused him to confront nature .
the author is once again stating how thankful he is that his parents came to <location> .
the noise turned out to be two cats fighting in the street .
sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways .
my friend <organization> received a random phone call in the <time> .
this would be bad for the people on the street .
i though about it for about a week begging my mom to tell me <caps> i was getting .
so read on i know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below .
after another hour the people left so we were at the front of the line .
i went to his locker and he gave me a note so i read it .
you can learn how to type really fast .
people also make and keep in touch with great friends through the <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building faced numerous obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
<caps> someone had not gone on an instant messaging program or a video chatting program .
<person> and i told our mom what had happened .
after getting to know him and talking on the phone a couple of times i realized that i started to have feelings for <caps> boy .
you can learn about the care of the earth and what goes on inside it .
think about that one .
one large obstacle was safety .
computers could also hep us find more efficient way .
let me tell you what happened .
knowing that others have already successfully passed .
i opened it to find pampered chef stuff in it .
you could keep in touch with old friends or family .
my second reason was the computers are so fun .
so now you know that libraries are very strict .
<caps> had to go in three days and he was even more scared because hes going by himself this time .
it helps people stay aware of the world around them and educated about everything .
a time when i was patient was when i was at the doctors office .
she was really sad she failed .
based on the mooring mast there were several obstacles the builders faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
in the way the author ends the story it helps give inspiration for a new beginning and new season .
as we began the movie all seemed like it was following the script perfectly .
i enjoy every genre of music and books .
computers can do all sorts of different things .
patience means to wait calmly for something .
that same magazine could help a student with a assignment at school .
they would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers .
a majority of parents would not want their children to be surrounded by all the effects that this <caps> brings .
one of the good reasons about computers was that you can chats with other people around the world .
the computer can be really helpful and useful .
in order to beat this heat you need lots of water which is one of his biggest problems .
i fell into the group of the hippies .
<caps> soon <caps> the words left his mouth he regretted saying them .
we would always hangout .
as we went down stream the water got fast and loud and the embankment was like a wall to the outside world .
some of the most interesting and controversial books that challenge an individuals beliefs and thoughts are being taken off the shelves and no longer readily available to people .
music can get too extensive as well .
s dirigibles used hydrogen fuel in place of helium which could cause a problem because hydrogen is highly flammable .
when on computers you can learn hand-eye coordination .
in the past <num> years many people <month> have gained a lot of weight .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show she has hope .
i believe it affected him in the way his attitude of the cyclist changed for the worst .
this place was completely deserted and there was no water for him .
my dad expects people to be on time within a couple of minutes .
the builders faced so many obstacles to dirigibles on the empire state building .
the environment around people in certain situations can affect them in many ways .
so i believe that people should get of the computer and exercise .
features of the setting such as the terrain and the sun affect the cyclist in the story .
<caps> people love watching the scary and offensive movie or listening to the rap music .
the books are always the easiest way to get information but not when you are getting rid of them .
if you guy were to take computers away every one would be grumpy all the time .
the most wonderful thing in the world to me in my life had ended .
when we all woke up my mother told us that she remembered that the town we were staying in is the town we were suppose to be in .
the authors family always accepted them and their differences .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
nobody should go through life without laughter .
and does offend most people should be set aside and putting in a different shelving area away from the others .
some say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time their family .
for little kids i think that they should have things censored because there young .
now movies are a lot of fun to watch .
there were a few compartments in the jeep that i began to search through for <caps> .
its only a click of a button .
yes because children should not be reading anything thats is like that .
removing a book from a library is like removing hundreds of pages of knowledge .
until this day we laugh at me telling that joke .
and i hope to <caps> that you start living it healthier .
i laughed at the things my mother told me .
this is why a computer is a useful thing to use .
how could this happen to such amazing people .
those are my reasons why spending to much time on the computer is bad .
minds of human beings are too complexly separated .
<caps> you with their friends and family anymore .
a computer is a multi-use tool .
for instance <organization> is a way to see your friends like that .
this is difficult because he states the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips .
such as in to <caps> a <caps> .
its not right and its not fair .
i was at my friend <caps> house .
making the mast idea out of the question .
i had to roll the window down because the car got pretty smelly .
the authors speaking very lovingly at this point in the story .
well my time is up here .
i finish another book so i wrote my name again .
his cheeks were cherry-red with embarrassment .
i knew that he was a good wrestler even though i had about <num> pounds on him .
you can save over <money> a year .
things like that are creating problems for parents as well as people around them .
parents and certain groups should not have the rest of the world be neglected of their choice to view these certain programs and read certain things .
to be able to joke around with someone and be able to laugh you usually need to be comfortable to be able to find something funny .
side by side with my best friend <person> we begin to walk to the park .
what i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something .
but enough of that .
i believe kids like me these day want to keep in touch with their friends .
she felt her head and said o i forgot .
that way you can be sure <money> who you are talking to .
i guess <caps> were holding there place in line .
he also creates a sad mood by never talking about the good things .
we had grown used to the couple .
as you read my letter i hope you fell the same way .
<caps> might actually have famous people accounts .
natures winds would complicate the dirigibles from staying still .
let man choose what is intolerable to him .
one way to fix this would be to place lead weights on the back of the ship .
sometimes i have to ask my dad for help when putting together harder models .
which makes it quite pointless to have even built it in the first place .
laughter can truly mend a broken heart .
then we all burst into laughter .
the <caps> were one of the worst teams in the <organization> .
i chose this mood because in the memoir he describes how nice it was to live in a town where people cared for him .
i knew i could trust him with all of my secrets .
they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as <organization> .
it makes them have a meaning .
children of the age <num> to <num> should be able to read books with any profanity .
i confronted him about what people were telling me .
everywhere we look today things are being censored and cleaned up to make others happy who <month> be offended by whatever it is they are censoring .
he knew how to twist and turn any phrase to make himself feel superior to others .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist by for the roads and heat has .
they need to try to avoid the books that <month> be offensive to them .
we will no longer have a respected society .
a time where someone i know was impatient was in my science class during a lab project .
he asked for my license and registration .
this section should be for grown ups only and that no children are aloud in there .
this will come off offensive to many men and women .
many people have noticed that the world is not an organized place .
my personal opinion would be that censorship is not necessary .
there are many useful devices that help us live our every day lives .
the planet should be explored not surfed in the web .
the computers let you learn new things and you can search anything you want to know .
we had numerous amounts of laughing sessions throughout dinner .
patience is waiting for something calmly .
i believe that laughter tells you how a person is and how that person reacts to what other people do or tell them .
this sets similarities from their old home to their new home .
another key point to look at is obesity .
they help town in countless ways and <caps> <caps> readers should be aware of this .
the real <caps> of family through this kids eyes .
the empire state building is so tall that the winds were very fast and it would constantly change direction due to violent air currents .
the <caps> mood in this memoir is loving and thankful and calm .
we always have conversations to talk and laugh about .
no one spoke on the ride home .
it also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information from .
the empire state building was meant to be great the tallest building in the world .
if a person thinks that a book is offensive then they should just walk away and find a different book .
but there is a good side as well .
i believe that we should be able to see what ever we want .
my family always does stuff together like board games and what not .
your absolutely wrong .
he curses in his music because its how he shows his emotion in an event .
bad things will always be put in front of you as an obstacle to make the right choice .
he is very appreciative .
then this one girl started talking about other people like she knew everything .
come on i need some help .
computers allow people to play a wide variety of games .
the biggest obstacle the builders faced was safety .
my first reason is because computers are not safe .
a semi hit him in the left side of his car .
that year and two months has been the greatest period of my life .
if a dirigible were to go up in <caps> not only the passengers would be in danger but everybody on the crowded streets below .
the heart of their home is the kitchen because they all love to cook .
and you if go to these place then you would need place to stay and have a good meal with your family or friends .
also <caps> is expressed throughout this memoir .
this decision is now up to you .
he could not get any water or any directions .
we lay there talking as we waited for the movie to start .
this shows how friendship was very important and gives off a friendly and caring feeling to the reader .
this things are great ways to understand things .
as you can see computers have a positive effect .
and if they just happen to see a naked picture it is not the end of the world .
my first reason is that some people at college are far away from home like my sister and my family talks to her through the computer .
<caps> started a pine cone war by tagging me in the back of the head with one .
everybody should have their right to what ever it is that they read or like to watch .
with dating sites you can find the perfect person and maybe go to the <caps> with them .
the last mood in the memoir is happiness .
the setting in the story affected the cyclist physically and mentally .
people have the right to say or write whatever they believe .
books have been around for a very long time .
i think that all those bookstores are going to run out of business because of the technology now a days .
when i was about to leave the line just started going up like a boom-army .
movies would get too boring to watch and many things in society would fall apart .
v or your game and especially not outside so thats why i think a computer has a positive effect on people .
<caps> please help defend us kids in this case about computer use .
<caps> asked with a very concerned tone .
com and all types of past <caps> would show up .
this made the masts installation a lot more harder because they had to watch the mast be installed from all areas .
it can be useful to both adults and children .
the libraries would not be losing any money and they would be keeping the youth away from things that are not appropriate for them .
my story about laughter is going to be a true story about me .
i had a teacher that no one could remember to gave us our report card in band class .
so i could wait for <caps> moms <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles when trying to allow dirigibles to dock on it .
book burning happened because of the dislike of peoples writing .
a few minuets later our food was ready and we sat down to eat <caps> .
so i got up and went to the room <caps> directed me in .
<caps> bleeding by the highway at the corner as the fence <person> with him .
we started stuff out .
there is three obstacles that made it hard for dirigibles to take over the future .
even now the shoes i was wearing are stained .
what helped the most though was when he had said he could come over this <date> .
and there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking away these books would be a crushing blow to those statistics .
so the computer help me on spelling it also makes your project look better .
being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking out the birds songs on the first day of <date> .
for his family and the people <caps> him .
that was time when i was patient .
it also shows the importance of the hibiscus .
it was dangerous to attach piece to the part .
the due to lack of driving skills .
the terrain was also bumpy and rough to travel on .
they should have an age limit you have to be to be able to go in that room .
the rough terrain and harsh weather took its affection on the unaware cyclist .
communication through the computer is very popular .
its almost as though its taken this plant to show her to get back up and pass the test .
i think that they should have to be of age to get the books in that section .
<caps> he goes over all the rules like a said before <caps> we say lets play .
its an important part of any relationship and has certainly helped me make friends .
dirigibles would not be safe dangling high above pedestrians on the street .
computers help us with many things but the most important is jobs .
we started laughing at silly little things that came up on commercials on her big screen <caps> .
another reason to censor magazines would be because of some religious views on what people see when they look at the magazine .
it really showed what he called home and what he called a family .
the builders were faced with legal and safety problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
but in the story three main features of the setting affected the cyclist the most .
as we got closer i saw something in the bushes .
finally i realized i needed to relax and be patient before .
this memoir relates to people and real life .
the greatest obstacle that the builders were faced with was violent air currents while the dirigible was tethered .
there would be a significantly less chance of him becoming dehydrated .
the whole purpose of this writing is you have to be patience in life .
several main features include the cars lading town .
once it was put in place he needed to make it compatible with the dirigibles .
i could tell because we had a sign that said <person> with a arrow pointing left .
i eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state .
so sometimes when you have to wait to do something you really really want to do and you cant do it just be patient and it will pay off .
people can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things .
the road changed into rolling hills .
i think people should not use computers .
i told my mom and she said he has always been like that and to keep my patience so what if he got it a little late .
certainly going on the computer will mean less time for exercising .
that is exactly what i plan to do .
they would have to design a mast for the dirigibles .
but our sense of humor is the most alike .
and why waste time on the computer .
too many <caps> are finding out about these sites and getting hooked .
the first obstacle was safety because most dirigibles from outside of the <location> were filled with hydrogen which is very flammable compared to helium .
children learn by hands on or watching other things .
that is just one example of the many i know of .
so computers do have a good point to it .
one last obstacle was an existing law that airships could not fly too low over urban areas .
one day we went to a place that i forgot the name of .
all the cool <caps> once had was thrown out the window .
an i had to wait till the people who were in front got in their seats .
the last obstacle the architects faced was an existing law that prevented airships from flying too low over urban areas .
the first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills .
those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas .
this is along the lines of personal thought .
millions of parents and kids spend at least <num> minutes a day on the computer .
a thousand-foot dirigible would add stress to the buildings frame .
so we left around <num> after school started .
the kitchen was the very heart of the home to the author .
it helps others get a clear picture of who and what they go through .
she talks about how her parents helped others of their kind which made her what she is today .
when i was done packing .
he was very proud of his mother and father .
they can experience the <organization> lights without needing to travel into the bitter cold .
i hope you have a positive way on computers they help you out .
i was bored just standing there but i really want to go on rides and thats what was waiting in line for .
allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info .
the problem is winds on top of the building were constantly shifting violent air currents .
another challenge the builders faced was trying to deal with existing laws that had already been in place .
i hate waiting to go .
another reason was nature .
computers are also very good for information as i said earlier .
in the next hour or so we got all unloaded and set up .
also as stated in paragraph <num> the u .
i really liked video games and i have <num> older brothers and <num> younger sisters .
it was the best laugh of my life .
i think this for three reasons .
people <month> take that aspect to the next level to where they are getting hurt .
<caps> was no stopping us from laughing as hard as we could .
we sat on the couch and i helped him .
its not laughter that kills people .
after we got off i said mom that patience really paid off .
other jobs people with computer experience can have would be an editor of movies or <caps> shows .
to prevent that what they ended up doing was modifying and strengthening the structure as a whole costing over sixty thousand dollars .
in the story winter hibiscus by <caps> ho .
families now a days are being broken up due to computers .
i think they should be able to keep them .
computers give you more resources than a book .
my reasoning on that is not because of how it <month> influence people in a bad way .
we would look as white as ghosts because of all the sunscreen my mother would generously apply to our skin .
i have put many funny videos on you-tube and watched many that made me laugh .
he was also happy because his house was not just a house it was a home .
now this sounds like it just lazy but it is something nice to do for a distraction to other things .
the mood of this story is very weird .
as you can tell it would take a lot of patience to wait in a car for <num> hours .
when the bell rings i hastily leave to go home .
he also explains about his family and what they meant to him .
everyone one was taking the mud off of <caps> and i then put it on them selfs .
to me i think every thing should stay .
computers on your desk starring at you and you sampled to go on .
everything was going great .
eventually he drank all of his water and knew he would die of dehydration or a heat stroke .
computers are great for communicating .
like if you were a student and you had to write a paper on <person> .
some people need computers for their <caps> .
but the only people that actually benefits in life are the website owners .
i left with my family and thought about that girl .
my third and final reason why computers are good is that you can use them to plan a vacation or move dining reservations .
and they lived happily ever after .
<person> had brought the wrong size spray skirt for his creek boat .
another setback was that most blimps from outside the united states used hydrogen and hydrogen is highly flammable .
music is almost the only thing you can calm you down so that you can focus again .
it was as if i was the one who got hurt and she was being the mother as always and taking me to the emergency room .
as you <month> see many people that have computers use it in a productive way .
the book <month> only be offensive to one race or religion .
one time in particular that i remember laughter really bringing me closer together with other people is when i was camping with a few of my friends .
the main problem the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to let dirigibles to dock were the wind conditions and how close dirigibles were to the building .
that wold be it until next <date> or until <caps> can play it again .
nature itself would ruin the time frame of building .
in the spring she will have a piece of her homeland blooming and she will be warm again .
reading is very popular .
<person> shows his is gracious for what his parents did and how much they care about him .
dirigibles could not land at the empire state building because there were too many dangers .
one that i can remember was waiting in a long line for opening of <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> for this <date> .
the features of the setting effected the cyclist .
the same thing goes for friends .
for most of my childhood i did this and it was very simple .
so i hurry up and put my money in my pocket .
i got up and got all the materials and sit back down .
it was hot when he was riding so he was thirsty .
wow how scared did i get .
we came back the next day and the wait was <num> hours .
most writers include this material for a reason .
i believe that computers do not benefit society .
the second obstacle they faced was making the building structure strong enough to tie down the dirigibles .
putting censorship on those things would be a good thing because there are materials that are not good for small children to read or hear or watch .
it was so awkward and at first we were just quiet passing the ball back an forth .
the builders faced a problem with the architect of building .
different people have their own perspective of things and opinion of how things .
it got so hot that he was becoming dehydrated .
learning is a necessary tool in our society and nothing should be restricted .
thank goodness for the back-up system that no one had known about out in the <location> .
a computer is a great thing to have for all these things .
in this memoir author makes the mood happy .
my best friend <person> also was in the same event i competed in .
the author of this memoir seems extremely happy and she thinks she found the definition of family
when she sees the flower and goes to find it at a shop she is overwhelmed by this small reminder of her old home .
so now you know that a computer can teach you things .
my last example is that doctors sometimes say its not good for you to stay on the the computer .
well as i grew older so did <caps> fishing pole .
in the story a cyclist is riding his bike and takes directions from some old men .
this day and age is evil all around the world .
computers are slowly making people less educated .
books are the basic learning methods of education .
kindly i asked my dad to get it for so he said he would get it for on the following weekend .
towards the middle the memoir was still serious but happier in a sense .
you can have your own censorship in libraries from your individual freedom .
theres gore for a while .
that friend of him passed away in a car rec in his second year of middle school .
then we had to sit and wait for the amnesia to wear off .
then you would need to trace around everywhere to find a book .
the driver showed us a lot of cool things and places .
the next obstacle they faced was nature itself .
a hour later i came down and asked .
computers are dangerous to <location> well-being .
we also went to <organization> and had an awesome time .
the features of setting affect the cyclist .
i make my own choice to not watch or <caps> those kinds of materials .
especially <caps> with a person you care about .
it was during it that had changed his mind .
i think the mood of the story is happy because the story tells about all the good times <person> had in his house .
<caps> the author uses warm words that fill our hearts .
we all really wanted to go on it so we decided to wait .
people just have to learn how to not use foul language when not needed .
kids are maturing at a much younger age these days .
i inferred that the author was alone in the desert with awful conditions .
so she now was determined to battle the odds as well and retake the test she failed .
a total twist to someone unfamiliar with <organization> weather .
winds were extremely violent .
there are specific websites on computers with suffixes like .
in this house he had the innocence of childhood .
from that day forward we hung out as often as we could .
i would walk all the way home in the dark to make my point .
not only is home a <caps> to be <caps> but a <caps> for family to be unified .
computers are bad for most people .
some of these problems were because of what the balloon was made of .
and think about how much computers have done for you .
i looked in books <num> days and find .
movies that are <caps> rated are rated that because of all the material in the movie .
laughter can be used through every day life .
i remember when i <caps> younger me and my friends always wanted to go see <caps> rated movies .
computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way .
its a new time and age and things are different .
the cyclist faced some problems while on the journey .
this would not be possible if they censored all the material the offended somebody .
our power had just went out so we figured wait up to two minutes just like it always happened .
i think parents should try and do all they can to keep certain things out of the reach of their children .
these boxes can be harmful to their users eyes .
<caps> was a rainy night .
as her carriage arrive <caps> stalked at the people before getting out .
the rough terrain and snake and two factors in his trip that just helped make his journey even more cruel .
when someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors .
this person is very grateful for all of the things he parents did .
if only certain people are going to complain about it its not really a big deal .
they say that they have a right to take whatever the offensive material is off the shelf and keep it from the public .
they finally got their ticket and picked the biggest roller coaster to go on first .
you cant get mad at a book or a movie so just learn from them .
the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges by attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i do not know of any <organization> <organization> student that would want to read <person> the <caps> and give a speech about it in class .
my first reason why i feel that computers have bad effects is .
one such way was the setting around him .
many <caps> <caps> take great offense at the use of this word .
computers are the same as t .
i hope you understand this better .
<caps> <caps> your shoulder the kick over .
spending to much time on the computer can mess up your vision or damage your body .
computers are one of the best advances in technology ever made .
you need to work together for the trust .
a section for the high schoolers and the adults and mostly everything will work out fine .
when <organization> finally finds her <caps> she is in the checkout .
at that time i was about to lose my patience but i kept it .
friendship is another great relationship for laughter .
its the best way for people to learn what life is really like .
that is how many people feel when reading that kind of material .
screeching to a halt my mom rolled down her window to ask him if he wanted a ride .
many people base their actions on their own views .
maybe its the people a though computers do contribute to the problem .
the second problem that the architects faced was safety .
most blimps used hydrogen instead of helium .
this was a time when i was patient .
another reason is that they do not spend enough time with family .
this contributes to the cyclist nagging sensation for a drink of water .
crack i twisted through the air and anded face up with my arm-rapped around me .
they had to go through all of the different possibilities and they also had to make sure that it was going to be safe .
we all started laughing but running at the same time .
another obstacle they faced was that these dirigibles could not fly to low over urban cities .
it is also important to <caps> that they can keep in touch with friends after school hours .
they can persuade one in ways that is unbelievable .
this shows the increase in effort in strain the terrain caused on the cyclist during his adventure .
also computers entertain people too .
i hit my alarm clock with all my force so i hope the thing would turn off .
i just put that book down and continue my search .
there were <num> major reasons why the mooring mast of the empire state building was never really completed .
<caps> is so cute when she does this .
he also wanted transportation to involve .
s use computers more than textbooks and get high test scores .
one time when i was patient is when i was a little kid and my mom said we were going on a top to visit my cousins in <caps> <caps> .
like on paragraph <num> .
it should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it .
another obstacle they had to face was testing there plan to dock dirigibles .
the time when i was patient was when we went to the mall to go get my customized hat .
without a computer how would teachers get mail sent to them without wasting paper .
another reason is just so that they know what is going on around them and so that the individual is informed .
that is the time i was being patient .
when it does you have to wait to bring up your gun .
i just wish we could have a <num> hour drive turn into a <num> minute drive but still end up at the same place .
in my own words patience is when you have to just be com and quiet .
that time is when we repeat the same mistakes again .
i had to wait another hour to actually do something .
so before you make your decision thing would you want it done to you
some of these stories can get very graphic as to convey the point that war is not all fine and dandy and all it seems cracked up to be .
i was petrified and to be honest actually laughing insanely hard .
<caps> that was the sound of a light bulb going off in your head .
being able to reconnect with someone is very important .
thats all you have to do and not make anything big about it .
an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
think of your family and how much you love them .
they got everything they needed fishing pots .
i would take a wild guess that they are mostly about sex and violence .
while us ladies changed into our bathing suits .
those are the problems faced by the builders of the empire state building .
libraries are places of learning .
he goes upstairs to get a drink .
this makes life a lot simpler .
but <num> month was not that long .
computers not only give us knowledge but they give over half us catch the members of society that do wrong .
this holds true with everything- including media .
<caps> we got back to <caps> house everyone was laughing .
using the computer is like smoking .
if one wishes to learn about how to murder in a <caps> then i think they should be aloud to do so .
i had just gotten called out of my first period class and greeted by my math teacher <person> .
these are three of the main obstacles which the builders faced in building the empire state building and its mast .
magazines under my arm i choose a seat in the far corner to wait in .
this reminds me of my step dad <person> .
the author chose to conclude the story with that paragraph to show that the girl had adapted to her new country .
take twitter as a example .
learned to be patient when someone takes to long to do nothing
different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble .
they are just a part of my nature and help me to be more expressive of myself .
every friendship has its ups and downs and along with those comes laughter or crying .
if you have a positive opinion you might go pick that magazine up and read it .
i mean its that simple .
shows or even movies .
through everything they had been through .
it would put to much pressure on the building .
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit it is shown that the features of the setting do affect the cyclist through the story .
that was the first time i had smiled in a long time .
the freedom to know would vaporize right in front of their eyes .
while i was in middle school every day i would have a book with me to read .
and will forever be an on growing matter in problems around the <caps> .
i said no and she told me that there were two people in there and one of them had told on me .
he wanted <caps> to go to the deep end of the pool but i was to afraid i would drown .
read on and i am sure you will agree .
but the light turned green as soon as i rounded the corner .
her name is <caps> .
for our generation and for the many generations to follow .
computer experts have invented countless programs that make <organization> easier for kids .
countless extended family members came and went-and there was often someone staying with us temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet .
she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive v was etched .
the real world is not censored so books should not be either .
obviously as a result there should be something done about this computer concern .
it took a long time to get it but we won .
the flower reminds her of her homeland with her grandmother .
that just invites the reader in .
dear local <caps> i hear you are not sure if computers are good or not well they are and i have many reasons why but i will tell you is .
the winds that high were very violent .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the framework .
it lives on forever .
the geese drive at coming back again during the spring and the main character drives at passing the test .
because laughter is a big part of being happy .
i kept waiting for the <organization> <caps> truck to come .
the first way that it could help develop a smarter brain is reading a lot on the compute .
we drove from <location> to <location> and it was a long ride .
i started to chuckle a little to myself while cleaning it up .
its never like seeing them in person .
a fancy popcorn machine rested in the back of the room .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in a couple of ways .
but i still know that people like them so i would not take them away .
the road was straight but almost to the end there were many hills .
we just wanted to drive .
that was the day someone was patient with me .
<caps> was about a <num> hour drive to freedom hill and we had just left our house .
<caps> got bored <caps> he went in the kitchen to see was dinner ready .
there was such laughter that other teachers came to see what was causing the noise .
we learn something new everyday and we learn it from reading out of books .
so this is my thought about this arguments
to be happy you should have laughter .
the plant brought back memories of her old life and that helped comfort her .
rather a old movie or a new release .
for example people such as <organization> .
this is why censorship would not work in our libraries .
being patient is a polite way to go .
i was happened to wait another <date> <date> so <date> <date> came again .
they also had to design an ornamental mast with four wings to house the mooring arm .
someone finally did .
but i cant pick aside <caps> either way their both a understandable .
they let almost <num> people who had tried to adopt a child a year later after my aunt and uncle tried go first .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is comforting .
the <caps> creates a mood that makes you think about your self and your family .
also mored dirigibles would be constantly swing around due to the violent wind currents at the top of the empire state building .
the greatest obstacle to its success was nature itself .
actually its not because most of your family is on it .
some of the greatest inspiration comes from music .
the big book is <person> fin by <person> .
we are faced with choices everyday .
or should we let them understand how it really works
so <caps> picked me up around five am and we went to <organization> .
computers especially help out college students .
the builders also faced a legal issue stating in paragraph <num> an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
the kids started going crazy and they were standing on tables .
no one forces us to check out this book or that book .
<person> is also inspired by the hibiscus who is strong enough to make it through the cold months thats what matters .
people say its a faster connection to people <month> not could reach .
the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
the builders ran into quite a few problems when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all .
there was also the fact that the rider thought he was in the middle of nowhere .
nature itself also seems to <caps> a <caps> the winds above the building were very violent .
this safety hazard is one of the builders problems .
there was a store that was actually opened .
every weaken my brother play in a play football league and it can bewaring .
in the <date> technology is a huge part of society .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many was .
i told you i needed time and for you to be patient .
next day was <date> .
the winds at the top of the empire state building were constantly shifting and the idea of a dirigible dangling high above pedestrians was not safe .
so all of the words and actions in movies are not as bad as people in real life saying them .
the author is trying to get his point out .
another <num> minutes passes and our seats finally await us .
<person> will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
but i do think that it is offensive to people that have young children and there children are reading it .
most of it had to do with how <caps> grew up and was born into a family who had just finished their hardships of getting int <location> .
also they warned about the intense winds on top of the tower .
as the development of dirigibles progressed it showed signs of problems .
like i said i am mostly patient .
we always were laughing and playing and having a great time .
he had no determination there because there was nothing he could do to better the situation in his cause .
my cousins live in <location> so we were going to visit them .
i will never forget that day .
he laughed at how long ago those men must have been here .
then after a while you get addicted and wont stop playing .
capture wait hes in .
so whatever a kid reads or watches will probably be the same .
the sentence is able to wrap up the story and demonstrates the importance of the hibiscus .
i was singing my most favorite <caps> that i knew by memory .
on a computer you can learn about new places .
when we got home everybody was waiting at the door .
the whole time i was on the side lines .
then your friend said <caps> playing games .
my family discussed and decided to bring him meals .
in every book of every library their is something that people most likely think should be censored .
the next week a went <caps> the nursing home .
we as members of the <organization> are already in enough trouble as it is with all our financial troubles and what not .
i think the only real people that can remove a book for the shelves is the managers or manager if they agree with the patron .
now you have seen <caps> reasoning that society would be in much better if there were no computers .
your family and friends last longer than that .
your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make a <caps> chicken for dinner .
<caps> first reason of why i think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination .
go to a social website and strike up a conversation .
in the memoir the author made a certain mood .
that coupled with the lightweight nature of dirigibles would make mooring much more difficult than on an open field .
all you got to do is be open to people and let them know who you are .
this is showing that the terrain is opposing him .
when i read books like that they make me feel better about my life and <caps> i interact with others .
another thing hes going to say any offensive words .
as i go on and on my mom has the patience to listen to it .
the knowledge contained within them unknown .
the last obstacle the builders ran into was the wind .
computers are not worth <caps> your children at .
i think it should be the libraries choice to either put the book on the shelf or to take it down .
magazines are the least offensive object that is placed on a shelf .
by the spring time she would have learned enough and experienced enough to try to pass the test again .
the mood created by the author in the memoir feels like that of simplicity and home .
a mood of passion is created based on the authors loving emotions towards his unofficial family .
com and all the other search engines .
sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen .
life is becoming dull .
i sit at a round table in there with a few of my friends and we talk about nearly everything .
when your are outside you see that playing is much better than just pressing buttons and clicking everywhere .
sports <caps> prides its self on that .
the music we listen to can get really intense .
the height of the building would have violent winds <caps> it difficult for dirigibles to land for passengers to disembark .
i feel the concludes the story in good positive way .
the wood piles and thorny blackberry bushes that lined our sledding course taunted us .
we started to become really close friends .
computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time .
well i am sort of considered that smart kid .
so thats a time when i was patient .
your friends are going to start pulling away from you .
i think it is caring because of the way he talks about the neighbor-hood .
to take someones mental safety is worse than taking their physical safety .
libraries have books that spark interest in a reader .
with the <caps> you could learn a lot .
i know some of this material could be bad for people but sometimes it can teach you a huge lesson in your life .
if so you probably would be smart to go to <location> .
not the kind you would see in the movies but it was good enough for our eyes .
the refreshing nature and cool air made the cyclist feel confident energized and ready .
all of these thing are the definition of family .
she chooses to end like this to show the change of the mood throughout the story .
there mostly for older teens and grown ups .
after that i went to go in .
it lets people interact with people from very far off places .
if picked up a book on why <caps> is the right religion and i am a <caps> then more then likely i will find it offensive .
who has forgotten about the past .
i decided to try talking to him again .
we were the first ones to the bus so it took a while before they came .
that is what i believe the mood created by the author in the memoir is .
his name was <caps> .
my friend <person> has a little brother that is always playing games on the computer .
<caps> was getting extremely angry at <location> for taking so long .
thought the quiet repetition of season upon season .
i read or the local newspaper that lots of people use computers and that not everyone agrees that this benefits society .
that she would be better off without him there .
it is a heavy decision to make but the decision could make or break the publishing group or legal party
i cherished the time i had with her and now i have to wait to have a laugh with her .
as you can see the cyclist was affected in many ways by the features of the setting .
my second reason is that advance in tech .
there are no movies here at home i want to see .
computers give you too much information than a book .
computers are a hundred percent health for you .
someone l know that is patient is my mom .
the nature itself came as one of the last problems for such a dream .
another theme that i thought fit was inspiration .
the empire state buildings steel frame had to be strengthened in order to withstand to weight of the mast .
its that persons right to choose weather or not it is age appropriate for them or not .
all of these things in the setting affected the cyclist .
all you have to do is manage your time .
this though sparked a conversation about <caps> for the day to come .
adults should have the option of reading any type of book they would like .
in the story it is said there was a sign that said rough road ahead .
<person> and i are just like any other couple .
putting mooring mast on top of the roof would make it very unstable and putt a lot of pressure on it .
a lot of business people need it to work and last it is a good research engine .
when the <date> before our <num> grade year at the <caps> <caps> came we were spending weeks at each others houses .
one example from the book would be when they kill some of the children .
there were very few of us though .
i mean in sounds corny but <caps> can happen .
also from paragraph <num> the mooring mast was nature itself .
what makes him more angry is that they seemed so sure .
the both of them served as the family i never had .
as you keep reading you will find out my third reason for being to much and so long in the computers .
you can make music and make money off of it .
now i realize how patient i was with her .
i wet to the big kids side as i called it and tried to check the book out .
this is what i think about some of those books on the selves and what i think should happen .
because then you would no how old they are .
then our bread came .
first it shows that she is starting to like this new life .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced made it hard to build the mooring .
its about waiting if i have to or if something runs out and they have to wait for it to come and get it .
we bought two season passes to <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building face a couple challenges in trying to build a dock for dirigibles on it .
computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person .
if i were an expert i would have nothing to worry about concerning computers .
if it is offensive to everyone then it should be off the shelf .
that is why we should have computers and use more .
and a lot has to do with the kidnapping .
that sort of crushed my reading spirit and i really never wanted to go and check out a book by myself any more .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
i ready really quickly and went and picked up <caps> .
it felt odd going back there but at the same time so completely normal .
i know i should at least try it since this was my last year in middle school and i should just go for it .
everyone does have a right to say their opinion and there is nothing wrong with giving informational facts in articles or movies either .
elders of the empire state building faced many complications safety was a major concern .
it holds the promise of spring and better things to come with it .
the cyclist was growing tired from all the pedaling .
my mind quickly recovered from <caps> slightly startled state and i stepped onto the bus .
people know whats going on in there and some others persons know too .
another obstacle that the builders had was an existing law .
the amount of spent on the computer has been shown to decrease activity level and effect the number of overweight and obese people everywhere .
the other practical reason why blimps could not more at the empire state building was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
in the story there are many reasons to suspect shy she ended the story with that paragraph .
the terrain affect the character by keeping him determined .
he or she should not throw a tantrum over something that they find offensive while other people find very enjoyable .
oh good times having pleasant dreams of food and girls .
large public libraries contain music with explicit lyrics .
libraries have no right to take away any books from other children and adults .
so we were waiting while the life guard was telling the boy to hold on tight because it was his first time going down a water slid .
adults sometimes have chats for their work to talk with their fellow workers .
i also said rough terrain because he could fall and get hurt with no one around to help .
<caps> she said as she walk out i wrote a letter saying dad you could have said good bye but you left .
the mood is also family because when someone needed a place to stay from their family they would let them stay at their house .
i heard a slight giggle underneath her sniffling .
the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
then i did chicken <caps> .
you meet new people when you are in the computer .
to me the quote is just saying to enjoy the little things in life .
today in libraries there are many books of all types .
my now giddy mother and her sullen children sat down to eat with the cheerful stranger .
was not used for the purpose it was constructed for .
also it helps you learn how to cope with some things that you could of never coped with before because it makes you feel relaxed .
say for instance the person is offended by hip hop music .
secondly it gives you new ideas on things .
or listen to music there are websites for them also .
thats why i think people should not argue about taking books off the shelf and start thinking of others .
well they are for shadowing because they are telling you something that she says she is going to do in the future .
i know that my brother is always looking for help because he is younger .
we started talking and i told her everything that was going on .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
it is so easy that it will seem like you are standing right next to them on a matter of seconds .
some computers are used for entertainment .
theres more negative than positives in having a computer .
it changes from flat road to short rolling hills .
i was currently in first place .
he had gone out and rented a <num> passenger van for the trip so everyone in the family could go .
also they made him a home .
next this is good for buyers and sellers .
if we could less to other serious problems .
just because children think its cool .
so eventually the teacher had to change the report topic because not on student was able to find <person> .
there is always a problem and my problem is i like to try and figure out what my present is .
that was a funny word-search .
dirigibles are normally moored in open fields which allows the backs to be weighted down with lead weights .
the setting of the next land mark was similar to the last .
because it take times for some people to see instead of reading or listening .
this is a positive aspect of the computer because currently the has been enduring the economy since the depression in the .
in paragraph <num> it shows that he is thankful .
by a dirigible docking it would be directly breaking the law .
i fully agree with adults not letting children watch that new scary movie or that action book their brother is reading .
in my life laughing and smiling and having fun is a big deal .
if thats not the case then parents should keep them away from the content
i wondered who would win .
throughout the story you could always sense the love and caring she had .
<person> should just walk away from it .
i was glad i had enough patience to wait in those long lines .
some people do go to the library an not find what there looking for .
there was a couple trails that we walked .
these ideas are in the last paragraph because they summarize the idea of not giving up even if you feel out of place .
instead of going on computers .
i throw my hands up to my eyes connecting with another big cold hands .
another was to modify the steel frame of building and strengthen it to accommodate the situation of adding the mooring mast .
it would be like the <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> .
this shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it .
i know my aunts do .
its not the real plant but she gets it to remind her where she comes from .
music always contains warnings for the rating of the book .
needless to say i was speechless .
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen .
in the end it was worth it because it would have been harder to find him if i had went looking for him .
because the mast would be so high up it was impossible to predict the ever-changing winds .
i use computers a lot .
it was so hot where he was that he kept drinking his water without realizing it until he only had a couple of sips left .
<caps> a fast and easy way to communicate .
yeah i said you think a comp .
i think everything should be there .
they agreed that if she were just a little older then she could of borrowed <caps> .
now imagine if we were able to stop that .
the wind was constantly shifting because of violent air currents .
my friend wanted me to get one because she said she had one one wanted me to get one too .
students <month> be dancing to their favorite song .
on the top of a building so high the wind is always switching directions which would cause the dirigible to swivel around .
she respected the fact that others enjoyed reading the books and just asked me to steer clear of them and to find something more appropriate for me to read .
another obstacle they faced as they said in <caps> <num> was nature itself .
she uses a spring time setting to show when her confidence in herself is reborn .
i believe there should not be any censorship in libraries .
a line of dancing girls bulged out of the bathroom laughing at each other .
there were already laws in place preventing dirigibles to fly low in urban areas .
if you deprive the body of water all of your major organs will bake in the hot sun .
this is once of many times that i had to be patient .
the beauty of nature is simply overlooked as if its nothing special .
i will never forget how my parents turned a simple house into a home .
my cousin was trying to teach me how to be patient and we tried .
my final reason of why computers have positive effects is that they help people to be more social .
the school can have a bad image from the students .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the research from my computer gave me a great understanding on my topic and helped me to learned the basics of my topic .
and one of the greater obstacles was mooring mast was nature its self .
just because some one <month> finds them offensive .
here are my <num> reasons why .
music is an expression of life and censoring that would be like censoring emotion .
a computer offers no face to face interaction .
one reason is that she is trying to overcome change and wants to make the situation better .
there are many time <caps> a persons life when someone was being patient .
however i saw one girl sitting in the back corner who i felt was scared just like i probably would have been if it was anywhere else .
there are some people out there that believe that if any material depicts anything bad then it should be removed .
all of a sudden the world and its people have become dependent on information that computers provide .
the four of us loaded into the back of <caps> car and off we went to <organization> .
if it was a really windy day out it would be hard to keep it steady .
a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of a building held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame .
i am also sure that over time we will find a old copy of a book on a website .
i used to watch this girl named <caps> .
this is my first benefit of a computer .
first of these is the blazing heat .
here are my reasons why .
before camp started i did all i could to let my mom not let me go .
these are three reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people .
in one sentence he say the sun was beginning to beat down .
<person> was laughing too .
once it does i am in action .
i think laughter is good for a relationships and here is why .
so while i waited for him i decided to ride my bike .
being patience is like being a good person .
many people use computers for different reason .
censorship is where things are sheltered from the the light of day .
certain rated material should be put in certain spots for certain people .
everyone believes in different things .
this would cause the dirigible to swivel around and around the mooring mast that was neither practical nor safe .
the builders of the empire state buildings mast were confronted with many obstacles to overcome .
the features in the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways .
this intimidates the reacher the begins to question the wisdom of the old men .
then he did a couple of answers .
one lit match could send the steel frame plummeting to the earth below .
that is way nothing should be censored
a third and final obstacle that occurred was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
also the builders had to take into account the fact most dirigibles .
if you taught i dropped it .
he saw his friend and joined them on their bike ride .
also having a thousand-foot dirigible at the top of the building while being held by a single cable would add too much stress on the frame of the building .
starting at a young age .
i feel like censorship is wrong .
the mall i was searched happy me and my brothers and sisters .
some of my observations that i have seen were not really good .
not even a library has all the information you need .
absently we slide on the uncomfortable bladed shoes and waddled for the glass doors .
patience is always the hey .
<caps> was to far away my friend .
society is losing its communication skills .
so he gets on a bike and rides to the next town .
the first problem they faced was redesigning the buildings original skeleton to fit the needs of the mooring mast .
<caps> was the first <date> in <date> and l was eating lunch .
thats why they should have <caps> computers because it takes the attention .
i think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons .
some dirigibles would be <num> feet long .
it makes it easier to focus and do things better .
people can go from laughing at a funny joke to laughing and making fun of a kid on the play ground .
eventually we started a fire and moved our conversations outside .
in the <caps> it grants freedom of expression .
i got my first deer it was an eight point .
and have different books in different places .
v most people will enjoy just sitting down and watching the telly its easy to relate to .
they should just get rid of it .
in the memoir the author sets up a happy mood while remembering his child hood home .
i could picture in my head how funny that would be if i was there watching her run around like a crazy dog .
when computer first came out people bought them to see what they will be like .
this right should never be taken away from us
<caps> we <caps> my heart was pounding so hard i could hear it .
some books are really emotional and can trigger a persons emotions .
that was a time i was patient .
another obstacle that arose was the fact that the violent wind at such an altitude would toss the back of the ship back and forth .
thats a harmful work it is .
kids should not be allowed to view that detail until they are ready for it .
this means that they would need to strength the whole building .
there was no water in the desert so he had to use the water he had .
i believe that day that laughter brought our team together .
some people did need to go to the hospital and get further attention .
censoring materials in the library could resolve in many problems .
every movie is going to have something that someone will love and someone will hate .
these people are very wrong .
his attention then altered to his father who was sitting on the edge of the bed cradling a small bundle of pink blankets .
and before i knew it i was braiding just as well as her .
there are many health concerns that take place in a generation full of computers .
people find different things offensive that others do not .
that particular <date> was a surprise to us though .
the teacher kept picking other people .
i told them that i wanted to buy a new <caps> <caps> fishing pole .
they re informational .
it got really boring sitting in there but we stayed patient .
there were <num> small kids behind us .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock their .
the author is also trying to create a comforting mood .
when seeing the familiar plant .
most of it has to be for some reason or another .
in conclusion <caps> was very proud and thankful to his parents .
we could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers .
now this law made it illegal for any airship to dock or tie up to the building .
no items should not be removed from shelves if they offend people but conditions should be enforced .
as you can see computers are important .
after some time she had made a couple of friends and was ready to move on .
he cared about our future and pushed us to strive in every moment of life .
did you know that a computer teacher in life say if you need to use a computer in your will one already .
if citizens keep sitting there then we will became unhealthy .
after two long hours of driving we finally arrived at the <caps> <caps> .
we did realize that it was not my brothers fault for splashing us with soda .
would add stress to the buildings frame .
i only hope that you consider my ideas .
adults can eliminate the amount of materials the children take home with them .
every library has tons of information on just about everything .
i am going to definitely have to agree with that .
me and him well we do everything together .
well some libraries want to take that concept away .
and we had a happy dinner .
the biggest form of happiness comes from your heart .
if there is going to be offensive material in a library then you should be a certain age to rent <caps> or read <caps> .
people have the right to express themselves .
all people have freedom of speech in the <location> and when books are taken off the shelf because they are thought to be offensive you are taking away that right .
we have these things called teacher talks where you tell the teacher about your book what you finished .
i began to wonder if we would ever resolve this .
this communication element is very important just like how they will help for the future .
that report was done <date> when they were fixed .
i remember going to lunch like <caps> was just the other day though <caps> was easily years ago .
just the endlessly bleak landscapes also played a roll in the cyclist feelings .
the author had very incredible parents that he is very grateful for .
so seeing that it was to big for me to handle alone i got most of the other volunteers to help me .
one day about <num> years ago .
it connects her with her emotions and reminds her of the way are .
he is happy is parents worked so hard to get him to new jersey .
but she said no and that i had to be patience till she was done .
i believe that books should have racism in it because it shows how much we have changed from the past
you have to expect that from kids now a days .
there was a law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
kids should be outdoors playing sports and getting fresh air .
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home .
he gave a bunch of money to my uncle for vacation .
in conclusion i think computers are good things .
at first the cyclist had seemed really confident and excited about his journey .
the heat of the weather and lack of water makes the cyclist develop an uncaring matter .
i am against any material that are offensive to someone or something else .
then one of them started to play with the ball popper .
unlike the rebels going against it that is their own state of mind .
<caps> and my dad left doing a burn out on speed bumps in the school parking lot .
the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse than accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness and love for family .
they say things and do things that young people should not know at a young age .
thats why no dirigibles ever successfully moored on the empire state building .
i think that the computers are good to be used because anybody can use them at anytime or go on it whenever they want to .
how would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public .
i only smiled back .
never once have i ever been outside and relaxed besides when i got on and off the bus for school .
they would rather go on the computer .
this was an obstacle that he had to overcome .
it would be taking away a right in the <caps> .
parents should tell their kids what they are allowed to read at certain ages .
this advance in technology is just another way to improve every day life .
when libraries begin to censor books they take away the option to pick books .
the mood of the memoir is nostalgic and happiness .
<caps> people think that friends and family important and should stay with them every and a while .
i think that everybody has laughter in there life day in and day out to keep a good attitude wit people .
also tying to make the top of the building a docking area for new airships was difficult .
can when you would rather waste the computer other than outside and at least self .
libraries are almost in every town .
but its gets to you .
my first reason about this computers issue is it makes than not pay attention in the school .
sort of like a cow eating grass .
this is my view on censorship in libraries
that is one reason computers are bad .
we only had two more flights left to get to our destinations .
quickly i wiped the tears from my face and proceeded to read the caller i .
to my surprise he tells me one of his ridiculous jokes .
its the right thing to do .
as a teenager i am trying to grow and find my way in life and find ways to express myself .
so the library makes a section for the adults and a section for the children .
the kinds of music people listen to .
in movies we always see the smart kids getting picked on and it seems like the athletes get all of the attention .
if it is taken offensive they should tell the librarian and then if very many more people say it is offensive then it can be taken off the shelf .
when we got there the parking lot was full i mean cars was so close you could hardly get in and out without scratching someones car .
it was unrealistic because this was never done before on top of a building .
you really are <caps> and i also have <caps> jokes about me and i really do not mind <caps> people tell <caps> jokes to me .
they even had to use glass which is a harder material to work with .
plus they can talk to other people .
computers have made our generation very intelligent .
so me and my mom got home at around <num> pm .
the second hour i was sleeping .
these ideas and quotes show the features of the setting of the cyclist .
for these reasons the empire state building was never used for the docking of dirigibles .
so you might as well get used to it .
their i drink water .
magazines they have many different varieties of things for all ages and you pick the ones you want for you or your child .
well i just cant remember them .
another reason why my censorship in libraries is because it would give my library more variety .
everyone is titled to their own opinions .
and that makes the world safer for every one .
they are utilizing their free speech by means of press .
<person> lurched back and slammed against the bedroom door .
computers do have an effect on people .
the most wonderful thing in the world i say the second most wonderful to technology .
this adds to the mood of family because living in a small house means that a lot of the time will be spent with family .
i slammed <caps> shut once <caps> body had slithered its way free and ran for the door .
she would sleep during the day and wakeup at night they eventually taught her to sleep during the night .
another example of this harsh setting is when the water in his bottle feels <num> degrees .
so now students are pushed to use the web at home and at school .
dear editor i agree that people do spend to much time on their computers .
he is led away from the steady road as a result of taking mislead advice from an old group of individuals .
learning about different cultures would be another issue if books and movies were depleted .
meaning consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another .
students use the computer for a lot of things .
the second major obstacle was controlling a dirigible in the often violent winds at the top of the tower .
driving from <location> to <location> .
many children are growing up without mom or dad .
obesity in <location> is at an all time high .
patience is when you are willing to sit down and help someone with their own problems .
offensive material will <caps> be out in the world .
then you have to stay up later to finish .
which could mean that we would have no books on the shelves for anybody .
it hard for me to get them to calm down .
my mom came in the room and said they were suppose to arrive on <date> but since you were patient they came early .
also knowing about the different cultures of the people in far away places gives people a better perspective of the world they live in .
in paragraph three it states growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
they also designed a stainless steel tower with a stepped back design that imitated the overall shape of the building .
i finally was told yes and began to open my presents .
it was then that i realized i had received a burger without a patty .
it has also aided me into achieving the things i want .
the mood of the memoir is generally happy .
to help us with tasks or for our personal use .
we had nothing in common .
i was so patient waiting in one .
i was patient for a whole <date> .
another feature that affected him wasted the setting which was a desert-like area .
computers have a positive effect on people .
the story is very emotional and expresses a great deal of sorrow that is overcome in the end .
along with personal the memoirs also show a very loving and happy lifestyle they lived .
the computer is used a lot for researching .
some books <month> be offensive in religious ways .
i gave my friend ten cause he let me borrow his dirt bike .
the mood created by the author is happy and warm tone .
but i believe that the main purpose for computers is information .
but the good things through my life have been breath taking .
no matter where you are a compute can always be on available form of communication .
on the train and went back to the other side .
last the winds at top were constantly shifting due to violent air currents this means all the framing workers went through hell to make the building .
it also helps keep everything organized that way .
we forgot about my mom and brothers so we left .
i do not think they should be removed at all .
it will pound and feel as if its on fire .
his wife loved it and he must have felt like she was still attached to it somehow .
some <month> say that offensive things should be censored .
on the <date> of tryouts we got to know our teams .
this is where he had memorized his cultures distinct type of food .
please keep reading to hear more about why computers are good .
libraries are a great resource for information all around the world .
back of the ship would swivel around .
he describes all the great experiences he had and the house he once lived in .
i started reading <caps> .
that would be sad and you would want them to see the movie or book you did but they cant .
one reason being that the author wanted to really show the meaning of the flower .
<num> <organization> student agreed that his friend have better jobs <caps> they know how to use computers .
feeling discouraged my team regrouped in the locker room for <date> time .
computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
sight of this was troubling .
refer the <num> word war .
even if we try our best to make them happen i doubt they will .
its to show ourselves and other people the spark we have inside us .
it comforts me knowing everyone is happy .
one could inter she adapted because she was familiar with the season change and it states when the geese return she is going to take the test again .
that just goes to show how much i use computers each day .
the time i am patient is when my mother is either talking or at the hair salon getting her hair done .
it was at the <organization> when i was <num> years old .
this book tells of a young boy that runs away to live his old life and meets up with a runaway slave named <person> .
his mom tried to convince me to keep skateboarding .
the first problem they faced was the issue of safety .
it satisfies my personal needs of exercising .
there is the fact that you can contact someone halfway around the globe just with your <caps> .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting do to violent air currents .
i know it sounds stupid but it used to make me happy .
you have to keep your eye on the and move your arms and hands to hit the .
saving trees help us stay alive .
the main thing that computers are great for is research .
at the end he is looking back at his life as a little kid and how he has improved his life .
which is yet another reason why advances in computer technology are a bad idea .
you missed out on a lot .
<organization> has done extensive research and has proven that computers are bad for you .
it is all fun and games until someones innocence is completely destroyed .
during the construction of the mooring mast atop the empire state building the builders faced several obstacles .
i hope you are patience at times too .
the problem with the air would have the dirigibles constantly spinning around the building by its back end .
those are the reasons i believe the author concludes the story with that paragraph
the <caps> made the majority of the people and were not very smart people .
they are always going to be with you along the journey of life and laughter is the key .
the cause stress and unnecessary drama .
this is why the author concludes the story with the paragraph to show she has hope .
it does not allow the people to get the full effect of the music and the message that the artist or band is sending .
that was enough for me to feel good .
i know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and foot ball .
its also dangerous because it someone is applying to a school that school can see what they put up and can decline the person from college .
he also hates the smell of dentist office .
then i will take that test again .
she began questioning why i was laughing .
this memoir made me connect this family to mines how similar it is .
the mooring mast on the empire state building caused many obstacles to get in the way .
an example of music not being censored would be rap .
well hear is a story about patience .
all these different features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly .
you could pick up an educational video that talks about animals that most everyone could watch .
there are plenty of other places that are worse .
loss of eyesight is just one of the negative impacts computers have in our health .
i believe that both of those statements are true .
by stuttering that shows she was upset .
that means that the day starts at <num> .
i have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents .
to me censorship laws in libraries are not needed .
it would be very dangerous to have lead weights dangling over pedestrians on the street .
hunting <month> take patients but i like it and its fun .
do you want to decide for yourself or have some one with you every step of the way .
this is a problem because <caps> this no exercising thing does stop the life span could be greatly shorten .
he explains that they were all united because the country was filled with racism .
i starred at the wall and looked at the color of it .
another reason as to why the setting affects the cyclist is that there is no one to get directions from .
irritated <caps> <caps> sighs heavily with frustration once <organization> trips his laptop charger and rips it out of the socket .
the author chose to end the story with the final paragraph for several reasons .
you could make snowmen in the winter or if its raining you could watch a movie .
another example is that computers could give you an idea on what to do .
it was <num> and my bedtime is <num> so i had to hurry up .
many people would that kids would go on their computer when they were able to go outside .
your eyes are one of the most important parts of your body besides the vital parts .
the whole memoir is about how his parents showed him the meaning of family and to be open to friends and neighbors .
she knows that she has opportunity to take it again and does it better .
this would not be true if certain portions of information began to be removed .
the last feature would be the distance .
all of which peoples opinions are created by life experiences and many tragedy they have been apart of .
censoring an entire peoples reading is impractical .
she is always interested in <caps> i am reading .
i skipped the part came back by then the teacher could help me .
i think there should be certain areas and age limits for certain materials a person could find in library .
computers take away from friends and family time .
t know but lets wait a bit longer .
as i grew up in my younger years i hated the computer all i wanted to do was go outside and play .
he is proud of his culture the way he lived and how his parents were caring people .
we sure need computer to look up information these days .
all the obstacles he prospered through were worth in the end .
i think that these materials should not be removed from the shelves .
the setting of the authors shortcut effected his performance and strength tremendously .
also it teaches good <caps> that you might not have learned anywhere else .
i should be free to read or watch what ever i choose to .
above the empire state there was wild wind currents causing the back of the dirigible to swivel .
they had to do it privately because there are two teams the a team and the <caps> team .
it also can be useful for entertainment .
it is astounding what you could learn from just hopping on a computer .
there are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people .
it was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate <caps> arrival to this country and where i celebrated my first birthdays .
these are the greatest moments .
they also have the right to not read the book at all .
the plant then makes her think about all the memories and she is comforted by them even though she is said .
it also can start serious issues with feuding religious groups or persons of different ideas .
the book turned out to be full of curse words and profanity .
we could make each other laugh with pretty much anything one of us said .
that was a time when i was patient .
they can not censor things just because some people find them offensive .
they have a choice on whether they can get it or not .
soon we started running out of gas .
<person> began to fall in love with <organization> and after four months of being together told him finally .
its not uncommon for one to make such a goal .
for fun i decided to look back at the bus .
needs to be in a certain section of the library to where the little kids can not go or reach .
being the one who is patient usually pays off .
he was freaking out .
the teacher made us play a couple games where we had to introduce ourselves .
the persons health their the users well being .
<caps> girl has ever beaten me to first glance .
if books are being taking away then very less books will be read .
i was so embarrassed .
this is how the computer can come in handy when you need <caps> .
it should be a place were people should feel free and relieved from any stress .
winds were constantly shifting on top of the building .
the snow always melts when the seasons change .
he almost had a heat stroke a few times .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i also became close with <organization> and <caps> .
we show respect and we read what they want us to read about and we listen to what they have to say about the topic .
it also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate .
computers are also fun .
one of the last obstacles they had to face was designing the tower .
this was because i was being patient at the party .
the season of spring means to symbolically start new and fresh .
they would need over <money> to modify the building framework .
people can not say to monitor that when it tells you everything thats in the movie or <caps> .
somethings on the shelfs in books stores and other places can be very offensive .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in two way .
this was due to the fact that a dirigible held by a cable would add stress to the buildings frame .
life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any moment .
so that is my input on the situation .
my stomach was hurting and i was hungry .
another problem was the violent weather at the top of the building .
this is why computers are good to have and be on for a reasonable amount of time .
they should be aloud to be removed because some books are offensive .
those are just a few ways of communicating on the computer .
those are all my reasons to why people should really go on computers .
it makes their relationship interesting and enjoyable .
another reason was that dirigibles were losing passengers in the late 1930s due to the airplane .
but the trip he makes changes his mind a lot .
this is a time i was patient .
that i went to doctors .
the docking of a dirigible adds extra stress to the empire state building .
books are thought of as a thing of the past and not up to speed with todays technology .
that is the time when i had to be patient to get something that i really wanted .
much of the class was groaning about having to write this essay .
it was going to be so nice not to have homework over the <date> or during the week .
the mood of this short story is happiness and of a sense of family .
reading material can help a young person with life .
your patient when you wait in line for something is being patient .
this gives off a very happy and cheerful mood .
i was so excited that she did because all my friends were coming over and pizza was perfect .
a little while later i actually started forgetting i was in line because the people started letting more of us on .
the author describes the hardships his parents had to go through like adjusting to a colder climate in not getting good jobs .
both of both of our families would go and <caps> things together .
laughing does really help .
a dirigible having to dock on the empire state building is probably not easy .
<percent> of the people who use computers are obese or overweight .
<caps> all the materials are part of the library and for the school and for us too .
it took really long .
censorship is wrong for this very reason .
the mood of the memoir is actually happy and grateful .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
say if there is a book discriminating a race than i agree that it should be taken off the shelves .
so what <caps> you choose pay over thirty dollars just for a long distance call or stay on the computer .
flop i fell into the black chair and waited .
there are millions of book in the world that people find offensive .
we can get all that we need and more off of books .
trying to look the best i could look .
this is just one <organization> many reasons why computers have a positive effect on people .
you <month> not see it right away .
i also think that there are some things that can be done to help appease the argument .
i was stuck doing homework the next whole week .
in my life time i have been to many libraries .
some good for kids and teenagers and some inappropriate .
that is my story about being patient .
he created this feeling because while reading he never uses a word about violence or hate .
any in- the- <caps> person would <caps> that computers are very useful .
so i think computers are not a bad idea or a bad things .
its a form of entertainment as well as to build knowledge .
in the short story the cyclist was affected by the setting in many ways .
he said cheerfully .
people are being lazy and use excuses on why they need a computer .
even in a car the desert can be a very despairing place .
we walk all the way though the lobby <organization> followed the signs till we got to the park entrance .
<caps> that day was the day .
this made him <num> more dehydrated .
the web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers .
also when your bored it will give you something to do .
i flashed <caps> with the flash light <person> started laughing .
i live in the <organization> .
different crowds of people have different interests that <month> offend others .
safety was also a big reason why the dirigibles could not be tied down to the moor .
laughter soothes the soul and brings joy to any situation .
computers can be great things .
the mood the author created in the memoir was appreciation .
the barn was unlike any other .
when i was in seventh grade i had a mission to read every <person> book i could get my hands on .
the author could be planning to write a sequel to this short story .
that person is my sister .
<caps> the boys grandmother called and said i need someone to cut my law for <num> .
we had lots of fun hanging out but then it started getting dark we needed a ride back home .
if the child then starts spending all their time on the computer then they wont be spending anytime with their friends .
i thought to myself .
if you have any arguments or questions you can surely contact me
one day i was going to my friend <organization> <person> house for her <num> birthday party .
as said in paragraph <num> .
i slipped a few times but never fell .
hundreds of miles of farmland and open road separates us .
technology is a beautiful thing indeed .
<person> came out of no where and sat next to me .
the next morning i woke up at six am to catch the bus to school during on my classes all i could think about was the scooters .
these laughing experiences have turned our uncle-nephew relationship into a friend relationship .
musicians also play music of course .
they started throwing everything they had at us .
its clear that the computer is not safe .
the cyclist was hoping for a way out of the misery he had come across .
the hills make the cyclist exhausted and even more desperate for water .
the music i am <percent> with it being taken out of the libraries .
i usually storm of in the middle <caps> cause i cant take anymore .
my mom makes all her plans by email and sometimes even e-mails herself from work to remember things .
first thing i did in line was to try to talk the people because i knew i would be in line for a while .
i tried different things to keep me awake and it worked .
welcoming family in their home showed love .
the builders mission was to design the top of the empire state building to accommodate the mooring of blimps over one thousand feet in the air .
people are just going to have to get over the fact that they have to deal with what they see or hear .
removing offensive materials from libraries will not be much help to the problem .
<caps> example is when the author thought of the time when their parents moved to <location> .
pulling out a script the man then asks to see our acting skills and would like to direct us sometime .
keeping offensive movies censored can relieve a lot of hate in a kids life .
some of the obstacles facing the builders was if they were to add on the mooring mast they would have to strengthen the building integrity .
i understand that there is reasons why some books are taken out of the library because of some sexual content .
they allow us to communicate with our friends through social networks .
everywhere you go you can find these items .
we all had a good laugh <caps> kept playing games <caps> listening to <organization> .
she now teaches a computer class for collage or older people .
this is what i try to do and do while waiting for cedar point to come along .
i looked around and saw that i was the only sixth grader around .
<caps> is saying that if every single book that offends someone is taken off the shelves there would be no books for anyone to read .
we found the ferry and waited in the live <caps> until we got on the boat .
<person> shouted and chucked the bottle as hard as <caps> could at <organization> face .
instead <organization> getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk .
also the dirigibles would be too high up to be tied down .
except their computers .
in the morning i had one hit we had nothing afterward .
the first was that a dirigible moored to the mast of the building would add stress to the buildings frame .
she would keep trying till she got it right .
we spotted my bright red sled down by the frozen pond .
we as human beings have the ability to make our own decisions .
i laughed thinking how did i not know that .
we all make a big deal over something so small .
is highly flammable .
these were the <caps> the builders faced .
there were many obstacles which the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to construct a mast for docking dirigibles .
and so on until i got to the last present .
all in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports .
also its a great way to keep in touch with friends .
as the day approached i got more excited .
the advances in technology with computers benefits the society .
how disappointed am i when i find that the music i want has been removed for being explicit .
one of the first problems they faced was not being able to land .
if i can make someone laugh i usually feel very accomplished .
i began to get irritated when they started to argue over what to do .
<caps> say anything that wont offend her .
most of us were on live t .
this would not be fair to those who enjoy these kind of materials .
my mom had asked me directly if i had left all the hermit crabs on the beach .
some people who have medical illnesses and cant talk have these little computers that can have something typed in them and it would say it .
then after all that had just happened we look around us at the work to still be done .
this shows that the house was full of happiness and warmth .
i was annoying my mom a lot .
in conclusion i think the computer makes the world that much easier .
our two time periods are a lot different .
some items are not appropriate for everyone though .
a problem that would condemn the theory from the start .
everyone one goes to a library to learn more about what they like to do or read a really good book .
growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relation .
this would make it illegal to try and dock a dirigible on top of the empire state building .
imagine your child or someone that is very close to you .
some of the offensive material could be used to help students in there education .
the back of the ship would move around the mooring mast .
as you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life .
this is why i think patience is important .
theres material that is too strong for some children and they should learn it as they grown not in a bunch .
we followed the empty road and right around the corner there it was <caps> .
since then <caps> problem has grown to a point that we will never be able to control .
the winds were always shifting which would cause the back of the ship to move .
first of all computers help kids all around the world with social skills .
their were to little girls standing at the entrance a little boy a few feet away from <person> and two other little kids by the slide .
our first date was to see some silly yo-yo man who had come to their church .
<caps> the person saying that the person is not going to get off the computer .
one mood in the memoir was peaceful .
she still once in a while hung out with my group of friends .
if you take a break go on you <month> relax simple games put out a variety of websites .
but in many different ways .
i feel a lot of different emotions when i am laughing .
talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing .
this is a social website that is used to connect or reconnect with friends .
as i walked down the stairs all geared up and ready i began to feel <location> .
music has been around almost as long as mankind has been around .
there is this cool website called <caps> .
the same thing applies in a store .
the computer does this .
one reason was that he was in the desert .
they were trying to get dirigibles to land on the empire state building .
so as you can see computers have a positive effect on people .
well the weekend finally came and when i asked my dad was he ready to go he said no .
parents cant shelter their child from these things forever .
just saying the words drug or alcohol are not bad .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
there are somethings kids just should not see .
can you see yourself quiting you just because you say your going to work at home .
the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
so we walked up to the store and we opened the door and there had to be over <date> people in the store .
computer can give people fast reflexes and helps people in sports .
this project was definitely the best one i had ever participated in .
the winds on top of the building were very violent compared to the ones in the ground causing a scare .
everything has its purpose .
weights could not be used to hold the airship in place because it would be a danger to people on the streets below .
one day my sister had a volley ball tournament .
it helps by knowing the meaning of new words .
different types of these works of literature are significant to each person .
even though <person> will never see her grandpa <caps> again she will always have him with her .
being patient means that you are understanding and tolerant .
i walked down the same street i walked down every day were the buss dropped me off .
if you run out of water then you might as well have run out of life .
it was the violent winds .
the author describes this i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean .
adding a mooring mast to a cable tether could add stress to the buildings frame .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness .
i know smiles and laughing makes me feel so much better inside .
you can find information on almost any topic .
so this setting does affect him greatly it causes him to use his water supply and it causes him to begin the process of dehydration .
i think when she failed the test it brought out feelings of how she thinks she is failing to adjust her new home .
there are a lot more good than bad things .
it just goes to show you the things laughter can unexpectedly bring .
the setting also affected him mentally because he was silently yelling at himself since he took directions from the old men .
i was way too nervous to speak to him .
for example you always thanks your parent when they do something for you .
i had to sit and be patient for two hours .
and i would like to let you know what i think about the whole situation .
the architects solve this problem by modifying the buildings framework .
so you can easily go to your teachers website and there would be the explanation on how to do that specific lesson .
we actually made an appointment .
finally the hundred points there came .
<caps> one actually knew that he and i were friends .
you of course need a <caps> to do thank one .
just the other day i was in the library .
the mood that the author created was very happy and full of joy .
this can be important if you need to talk to someone that lives far away .
they are so much fun to play and what i am talking about is video games .
you can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on <caps> .
we talked we hung out and we started getting along better laughing at our joke or our constant teasing to one another .
little children go to the library looking for books and etc .
its filled with the computers on top .
<person> mom pulled up at <caps> house and let him out .
its comfortable because as i read the memoir it made me think of my own home life .
hundreds of amazing facts on it .
in the next <num> paragraphs i will decide how laughter help <caps> out a lot in my life .
being patient <caps> a great trait to have .
its that big book of technology on your desk .
i look up to see that my tower was ruined .
i had a silly grin on my face .
these are the things you should have .
my grandma kept calling my uncle <location> .
very young children are confused sometimes too because they are just learning .
computers are great step forward and are completely beneficial to our society .
the author concludes the story with they paragraph that they did because its about the same thing that they opened the story with .
their were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
they are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side .
parents would have to explain things that are too mature for some young minds .
my friend <location> answered the door .
one reason is because you can do a lot of things on the computer itself .
books materials like these make a difference in someone life other than you .
that was <num> way i kept my patience .
the mooring dock on the building would have never worked .
it is really not a free country when you have people taking away books and movies because they are offensive to people .
our time most of the time is spent with our families <caps> not our friends came over .
nobody was a stranger .
when his shell was complete he tried it on and it fit nice and snug .
i am a <person> <caps> .
the rolling hills where he had to pedal up and down and the desert with no water in sight just dry land .
all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship .
if parents or anyone do not want their children watching rated <caps> movies before renting or buying one they should check the back where it always tells you .
that is one reason why i do not think taking books and movies off the shelves would be a good idea .
the tumble weeds gave you no hope of getting any where and the snakes and vultures just eating you after you died .
then another hour passes .
this benefits you because newspaper houses are organized by computers and it keeps you business running .
my parents got a divorce .
<caps> was so embarrassed by her mistake that she turned bright red .
there are not any kind of books that could be deemed offensive in any way to people these days .
i think the mood the author created in the memoir is love .
the information provided on the computer can really teach everyone something .
she buys the flower and returns to her new home to her mother who is working in the garden .
to see such selfless act is just wonderful .
there are relaxed moods to explain the feelings he had for his life and there was even harsh moods to show the tough times they went through and such .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist a lot .
this hope allowed the narrator to because more tenacious about his journey in order to arrive at the old building .
the only person who should have a say in getting rid of a book would have to be the librarian .
make a section in at the back of the library and ask for <caps> to confirm that there old enough .
as i grew in patient i started to drawn somebody grabbed me it was my mom .
the teacher told us to introduce ourselves to the other students at the table we were sitting at .
there are some people that would have to look at that for research or something else .
i had to step-up and say something .
people need exercise to live .
it looked like it would be a lot of fun .
the library is a place of discovery not a place of restriction .
but with all <money> this technology we still need to find a balance .
i remember one time in particular .
this would change the world for the better .
they help you with things .
my friend and i got front row seats and had a lot of fun .
another thing that computers is very useful for is helping kids with homework and school work .
these books are all made for a reason and have there own purpose on why they are put there .
its a stupid thing to get into because there is no point to it .
many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences .
but it is still too low for the laws .
when <caps> came to our table i was really excited and i started to drink <caps> really fast .
he sees everything as the old men told him .
take this for example .
the library should be divided into different parts .
my second reason is to talk on the .
also it mite help some crime to stop to .
music is an outlet for many people .
and ever since i see that exact doctor who i had do appointment with he always give me a treat or sitters .
they probably rather hear wire then .
there are pros and cons to computers but manly cons .
lets keep are children and young adults away from violence .
when people talk to each other via text message or e-mail there is no emotional sense .
your almost taking the words out of context when you do this .
drinking and just having a good time .
some people <month> not find this offensive .
when he comes out a man is sitting on the porch .
everybody would be the same then .
<person> asked looking over to me .
the mere size of this glimpse was astounding and this created many problems .
this went on for about <num> minutes straight .
am sorry but thats not how life works .
even doing chores around the house could bring down the obesity rate a lot more then sitting on your butt staring at a screen all day .
we need to get these types of songs out of our libraries .
<caps> this he smiled and began to tickle me like he always did ever since i was little .
most friends like to joke around and laugh at things that are funny to them .
your stressed and on edge you have just <num> hours searching for a topic on your upcoming history essay .
the dessert environment had huge effects on the cyclist .
but when i got home my brothers snatched it out of my hands and ran upstairs to play it .
when i say hangout i mean we hit some mud holes and played around a little bit .
on the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to .
also growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being blood relative .
suddenly we were in hysterics .
lets say you walk into a public library and you look upon a book that is racist or is offensive to you .
the builders did not want to risk any lives or damage any buildings .
this would make a parent cautious of where their child goes .
people have trouble looking at things in different perspectives and because of it they can cause trouble .
never miss a moment or second guess a change with your friends .
he was not patient at all that day .
then there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
another thing that affected him because of the setting was that the desert had rocky roads and windy paths because he followed the old mans direction .
people think differently from each other .
for example <person> would do anything for his family .
computers do many things for us .
there are all types of websites you can go on to talk and hang out with with all of your friends and family .
i know all of this is true because its all in the text .
after watching the sunrise we realized we still had the treacherous walk back down the hill .
overall the mooring mast was not a practical idea .
the setting in this short story cause the cyclist to doubt his survival .
what ever you want you got it .
by using a computer you can keep up to date on everything thats going on .
learning about cultures is very important because if people travel they need to know how they can respect each other .
teacher said okay tomorrow .
libraries must have many different kinds of materials in them to please everyone in the community .
an old couple riding on a motorcycle parked next to us and asked us what we were doing .
that skill would be lost and you would have to learn it again .
taking offensive articles off the shelves ruins good books for everyone else .
there will never be a perfect answer for a problem like this in the world .
<date> was a very cold day .
here are my reasons on the effect on computers .
the building would have to be modified costing over sixty thousand dollars in modifications .
both our gazes fixed our future together .
my mom still deals with adults but she grew up with four brothers but she was the oldest .
i was having a blast .
first of all when a person goes to the library they should know that the books that are in there were selected by the owner of the library .
there would be nothing to write about without imagination .
another theme is to overcome your obstacles .
i looked up from the mess surrounding my coffee cup and slowly nodded my head .
for my second opinion that people should not get off of computers because it they ever leave somewhere far they are not to be able to contact you .
never went in not ounce .
they always had the arms and door wide open to other refugees until they got back on their feet .
the mood created by the author in memoir is happy .
it makes you feel like you were there and that you wish your family could be like that .
when i got here i met <person> .
the positive effect and negative effect that computers have on people .
if the parents wont then try to talk to them and tell them about it help them understand .
i smiled and quietly asked him to hide me so i could grab it .
dirigibles customarily landed in open fields .
this in turn will create a different mind set for the young reader .
then when there was only <num> minutes left when they cut everything down i watched us land in <location> .
i hope you think about this
the author mentions endless celebrations .
and when he saw the factory and stopped .
the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting .
it makes him become very dehydrated .
this is because everyone has different views on everything .
another problem was nature .
parent blockers can only do so much .
the author described the love of his family throughout this memoir and his friends also .
so if books are going to be moved from someone thats taking away from are individual freedom .
some driving schools even make their students learn to drive in a simulator before hitting the open road .
thats at least <caps> i thought .
i hope you agree on my topic .
i was doing a water-depleting <num> .
i ran forward and gave him a giant hug .
one can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language .
having a computer is kind of like a bigger cellphone .
my mom started to laugh uncontrollably again .
i had got the forest now meal .
we should be able to get the books that we like from libraries .
talking i ask my mom is i can go for my bike .
the author creates a very warm happy welcoming feeling by describing how friends and family are always visiting and how happy the family is all the time .
even though the hills added to the struggle he made it through .
my cousin is in college right now and i always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing .
some movies have bad stuff in there .
in doing this <caps> will connect to other ways of life .
it is not just movies that we have to worry about though .
they make life easier .
after many more pitches i had finally got it .
i believe that children are the easiest people to influence .
those were the obstacles facing the architects .
i think the mood of this story is warm and loving .
there is no reason in the world that there should not be able to be a variety types of books out .
throughout this <caps> there is a very happy and loving vibe .
computers also develop hand-eye coordination which is an essential skill for later in life .
the familiar fragrance filled her lungs .
another reason is because the road was very rough .
i had the best idea so the walk would be faster .
the first mood is the one of her house .
the cyclist was drinking a lot of water throughout the story and ends up only having little water left .
just the thought of not being down there with them made me ill .
if laughter is the shortest distance between two people then if a guy or girl meets someone they like .
i had to wait in the car till my dad got back from going to to get <caps> .
her dad told her to wait until we got to <location> so we could stop somewhere .
we did everything together .
we were all looking out the window .
i most certainly was .
in this story it is clear how difficult the cyclists journey is .
in the story it said .
another is my older sister shes always on the phone so i barely ever get to use it .
<caps> is thankful of the sacrifice that his parents needed to make .
its teaching them different values and its teaching them that since its in a library it must be okay to do out in the community .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is what the whole story is about .
another reason the mood of the memoir is very appreciative and grateful is that the author understands his parents hardships .
i was so excited and jumpy .
kids would read anything now because of those kind of things .
your an old fashion woman who believes in old fashion ideals such as no cursing or violence .
and its a way they get kidnapped .
not doing your school .
this lady walked in my work and it was a late after noon .
his parents have there arms and doors open to those who will do the same for them .
the structure of the building also proved to be an obstacle .
plus computers waste our time .
we laughed and laughed .
a problem with the docking was that the building was complete before the idea came to mind .
or how small they are still small .
books have always been here to support us and every story must have some fun detail .
the words flowed through my mouth .
therefore he drank more water .
i understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help .
people these days use computers for pleasure .
another reason how the empire state building failed is because their was a law banning airships flying too low over urban areas .
i was laughing too hard to come help her .
my grandmother always tells me her stories about her and my grandpa when they were young .
belongings can show a lot about a person just as much as actions or words .
movies are good about it though .
libraries are the place that people get introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be informed about this information .
i feel like as though its on that person whether they choose to read or listen to the material or not .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
i just smiled and i knew this was going to be a really good relationship .
another problem was the weather .
in the story rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit the narrator is faced with the challenging and perilous desert he must cross .
one day when i was at a friend house my mom called me and said <caps> you have made the dance team .
the next <date> when we woke up my dad made us pancakes and eggs for breakfast .
the eye-opening world of these books is amazing .
there is not a day that we do not use a computer in some way or another .
we waited for a total of <num> hours and then the doctor finally called my name .
computers also help with keeping in touch with friends and family .
more than sixty thousand dollars was spent on restructuring the frame .
we all screamed in unison .
the weather land and surrounding objects really determined the cyclists mood and ability .
and by doing this it will help me on my project or essay .
everyone was and most likely is till patient .
first being on a computer using the mouse is helping your hand-eye coordination .
the builders and architects were not looking at the problems that would be present but only at how to build the most .
making adults laugh is not very easy because they are more serious .
all of these are factors found in our books and music we have today .
libraries should stay the way the are currently and keep their way of censorship without any change .
libraries are a center of learning .
once the teams were done they called all the squads to the mat it was award time .
she realizes it is just a part of life and that in order to succeed you have to fail .
i was very patient one time when my grandma was in the store .
the violent winds were constantly shifting due to the violent currents .
these are some examples as to why the author has set a peaceful mood in the memoir .
always filled the air with not just scent an music but life and love .
this is just taking good books away from the students .
truly if you decide to take out classics like <person> we lose not only knowledge and the story we lose our freedom
he says i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house to a home .
the author shares his feelings of love toward his parents in this memoir .
the setting is the reason his mood changes through out the story .
it would not be safe to dock a dirigible on the empire state building .
also the <caps> air is good for your body .
it felt great laughing at the same thing and sharing a moment together and putting aside our anger .
then ran down stairs and shared them with her mother rocking in her chain .
the doctor took to long and i was patient and i was patient for the doctor to come back to the room .
when mom get home i hand mom the gift and realize patient come in handy when it comes to waiting .
i thought to myself .
lost track of time and noticed i was going to be late getting home .
when i called on me i asked her and <caps> said <caps> .
i had slowly stood up and the light started spinning faster .
the drinking record in the house for one night of drinking was <num> shots and <num> beers .
no one wants a stay at home unemployed loser as themselves .
the builders at the empire state building faced many obstacles but safety and reconstruction were just some of those problems .
due to this over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
one example is the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof .
one obstacle they faced was s keeping a safe environment .
another problem was that they could not weigh it down .
the community was a big help because they set up tents and provided people with water and snacks .
i also read every single one of <person> books .
there are many answers to this question and many people have different views to the question .
thats how the setting affected was .
you mostly just move your hands and fingers .
people worry that reading books like this will create bad people if they learn these things at a younger age .
the plants she grew up with exist in the <location> as well .
computer have a positive effect on people .
the less time people spend outside the more energy is being wasted .
it also teaches you how to type fast .
the new trimester had started and leadership was my second period .
i do not think those books should be on the shelves .
its crucial to our health that we get active .
the outcome of that is success .
they also augment the information i use .
but anyways back to what had happened .
every where you go you need some patience .
i guess it was just in the way she said i saved her life .
which means <caps> probably grew up in a life without very much violence .
the author creates a happy and grateful mood in the memoir .
that is where the computer can help .
computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places .
i began to realize i was digging deep into shallow waters .
and they had ripped my gum open and took at two teeth .
<caps> if the lead weights dropped they could kill someone .
last it makes people have unbalanced meals and lose track of their diet .
the people in his neighborhood were very kind and generous people .
all the time these kids spend on the computer is taking away from exercising and enjoying life as a child .
when they finished they had to look for the keys until they found it .
the author did a great job fixing these into the story to make it flow very well .
for example you can practice typing up essays and other work projects .
different things are offensive to different people .
<caps> is how <person> and i became such amazing friends today .
immediately <person> ran out to the garage to get his camping and fishing gear ready for the trip as did we <caps> we got home that night .
books that are extremely offensive should be taken off the shelf or not put in a library .
one way he shows he is grateful is by telling the readers how his parents sacrificed themselves to give him a better life .
almost every city in the <location> has a public library .
think of a climber trying to grab a on a mountain .
in this <caps> the mooring mast by <organization> the builder of the empire state building faced many <caps> during the building of the empire state building .
his parents helped him and gave him hope .
there were obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays .
i had never hung <caps> on anyone before .
i got up and i walked away .
the workers of this project also overlooked the laws against airships flying too low over urban areas .
many people would be made mad if this did happen .
shes not on the computer for <num> .
this shows prof of the projects incapability to be built .
this indicates that the mom is trying to tell her that she will get a second chance .
we also live in a country where their are so many drivers and cars on the road .
you would probably get multiple answers to that question .
laughters importance in human life in life there are many things that make a person happy but none come close to the joy of laughter .
this is why i think the mood is so grateful and happy .
you can also talk to the library manager and tell them the issue with the offensive it has given you .
<caps> dad said the reason <caps> she got so upset was because her mother died from aids just a year ago .
we sat down again and we waited .
in my opinion i say no to this question .
then we took turns napping and watching the big open road .
they travel places with people at their fingertips .
i laugh because i think that if i do then everything will just get better .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or many things i learned there about how to love .
considering the fact that all of us were chose to teach my little brother .
i once has to drive <num> hours to see my grandma in <location> .
the reason why i would have a low tolerance of the censorship is because different people like different things .
i came to the <location> <date> .
one of the obstacles was allowing dirigibles to dock on the building .
within twenty minutes i could hear the roar of his red diesel pulling in our driveway .
the hills prove to be a challenge with a limited supply of water .
in <date> opinion laughter is a form of communication .
other then that i think the computer is a great resource for learning about things and also connecting with people from your past .
so that was the time that i was just patient .
he has learned the definition of family and know what a family is like and he respects his family for having a great home in <location> .
the <date> sun beat down on him while the snow gave way and brought him to the ground .
that is my last reason my opinion is what it is .
others <month> feel that sensitive audiences <month> not be comfortable with the text .
the next morning we had breakfast and <caps> was just as fun as the night before .
my mom stayed with him the whole time he was in the hospital so things around the house was a little bit different .
these are important things that help me keep up with things away from my town .
books are so very important to us and our world .
people all around the world are trying to teach their kids what to say and what not to say .
finally the ride was up and running but <caps> took another half hour for testing and when that ended <caps> was a two hour wait in the back .
she will try as hard she can to fit in and enjoy her new life .
also you might need to look up some information about a certain topic .
this sight was troubling .
well it is because <caps> has a big role in our lives .
another obstacle was the violent air currents that made it hard to land .
they knew that the frame of the empire state building would have to be strengthened to carry the load and wind pressure of the dirigible .
this was conflicting on how long it took him to get to the next place with water .
there is a time when i had to wait an hour .
there are people that debate whether or not some books are too offensive to be put up on library shelves .
after camping i returned to home and worked a lot of the rest of <date> but ever since then have had really good friendships with all of my camping buddies .
they are out in the world and and there is nothing that you can do to stop it .
libraries need to get rid of these book and movies because it is badly influencing the children in the world .
they can tell you a lot by just the touch of keypad and the click of a mouse .
it was my first year of <caps> .
thats my opinion and answer to the story .
then author concludes the story with that paragraph because it sums up how the memories and the plant effects her .
seeing the geese and winter hibiscus .
the line almost took <num> hours .
like jam pack crowded .
one of are bases <person> said .
i just though for a moment .
at that very moment .
some media says to abort the baby just because it is easier .
another obstacle the builders faced was the delicate nature of the mooring mast .
but they can also be used for researching anything you can imagine .
including the importance of one .
after <num> minutes <person> my brother was all ready board .
as well we could have the parents sign out the book saying it is okay for their child to read such a book .
as i quickly went thought the order into i was thinking <caps> is will be so am some once i get <caps> .
i hope you listened to my opinion on computers and i also hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are .
anything from <caps> to <caps> to country and back can be .
many have heard of that .
so thats all i have to say about people that are trying to get them taken off the shelf because there offensive to them
we started to head back home at about <num> in the <time> but one of our friends got stuck in some snow off the side of the road .
in the story the cyclist is on a bike ride to <location> .
if you do theirs something wrong with you .
the kids we saw <num> years ago were on the right path .
that day when i was not good day turned out to be the best day of my life .
in the memoir he say that he would never forget how his parent turned his simple house into a home .
then when she was done we went back to snowmobiling for the rest of the day .
she believed that it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader to read .
another obstacle builders faced was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
his impression was like the old bank owner on <person> .
also the computer is available all the time .
but i suffered through it .
it saves time and is way neater .
one obstacle was that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building held by single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame .
certain examples stand in play to explicate my opinion .
the libraries really need to just stop and think for a second is this book really appropriate for this age group or even for this establishment .
those are the reasons why i think the computer has a negative effect on people .
the people who organize and let this kind of media float around for kids to pick up have some moral issues that need to be checked .
just your average teenage party .
in recent years studies show that children that use the computer often are less likely and less willing to get active .
i think the author ends the story with this paragraph for many reasons .
which could be potentially dangerous .
i say that because the people who are mostly on the computers only know about things when it is on the computer .
next he writes about how they regularly had large dinners where they invited neighbors .
together we stood up .
this is how i grew up .
when children go to a library usually they will not do so alone .
the complex features of the setting affect the cyclist negatively throughout this story .
people would rather sit at a computer for <num> hours doing wonders of our world .
she uses her cell phone to set an alarm .
some items can be offensive to some but not others .
there have been many times in my life where i have laughed so hard that i cried .
they laugh at the littlest things .
we had out all the ingredients necessary to make the pie until my <caps> points out theres no more sugar .
others prefer looking at it which would anger them if they were taken away .
when the cyclists saw water a wanting to jump in all he thought about was water that they lack like battery acid .
one of everyones favorite reasons for keeping a computer in the house is for entertainment .
me and my friends we were going to a <caps> party at our dance coaches work .
she started laughing at me and thought it was the most funniest thing my dad has ever done .
i waited patiently in the waiting room with my dad and big brother until the nurse came out and said we could come inside of the room .
in the end i think that computers are a real waste of time .
now i play my notes right thats to the lesson and <person> patience .
he will need water in all to move and get through his journey .
the occasional phone calls and e-mails are all we have to communicate between each other .
this would be a big problem for everybody involved .
the author concludes the last paragraph to show that after a time period you can come back and try something again .
computers do have effect on people .
that shows that kids will be kids .
you can either email them or talk to them from a web cam .
but losing the lead weights at the empire state building where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was not very safe at all .
this goes against all our morals .
we moved another step closer .
people spend way to long on the computer .
most of our friends reactions are shocking because they cant believe we had a fight or they just laugh at how stupid the fight was .
the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow blimps to dock there was the height of the building .
there are over i information sites on the computer .
the issue is how the parents raised them to embrace knowledge that they see .
i know many people <month> think how come using a computer is not safe .
everything seemed as if it was going to work out .
now friends and families can talk to each other over the ease of the computer .
<caps> i was like <caps> <person> .
we already censor so much .
i will gain weight and then run it off and ignore the computer for a week .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
they also gave educational games .
the builders faced that big obstacle .
in this society theres no time for zeros because when you are in college your still paying for the class even if your failing or not .
was to get a hamburger with bacon cheese and toaster .
i can take over your life .
if you agree with me i thank you .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there where difficult .
some people just have to deal with these people .
computers have a negative effect on people .
that was the greatest obstacle .
<person> gave us a craving to learn .
as we walked through the building <caps> started to be quite boring .
either way with the book left on the shelf or taken off it is still going to be a problem with name calling .
a lot of people do not like to hear curse words or see them .
its a symbol of happiness and that is what makes life great .
about five minutes after the conversation had started we were both crying like babies because of the problems that were going on .
but with his determination and spite he pulled threw and made it to a fresh supply of water .
there are no bad reason that could top any of these .
the librarians can put that particular book in the older age section of the library and have the kids book in the younger section of the library .
there was also an existing law against airships flying to low over open areas .
their first problem was that they could not drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building .
the ending quote was said to bring hope and like to her and she sort of promises to herself that it will get better .
the winds were always changing because the violent air currents .
thats the story when i had patience .
then doing homework .
many people dislike foul language but it could make the book better .
here are my detailed reasons .
another element in the story that effects the cyclist is the lack of water .
but she is able to realize that this is her new home and everything is becoming more familiar to her .
reading about this just warms a persons heart .
<caps> i started to sing the never ending song again .
students like myself of often use computers for many reasons .
<caps> being able to use a computer really boosted my grade in science .
it gives them the chance to interact in a different way .
i was patient in line to get inside .
i was sweating within ten minutes waiting in the vehicle .
now i can just go on the website and find out everything i wanted to know about that place .
even if some people get offended .
people can connect with others from all over the world .
another was the wind factor .
patient can be a very hard thing for me to have at times .
in most of these groups laughter is a common thing between all of these groups .
computers greatly help families of today .
most people do not go to libraries because of that .
also because the empire state building haves an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
everybody should have the right to read what they want and have the choice to ignore the books that they choose not to read .
i got to the gym and asked my teacher what we were going to be playing .
on these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away .
most would not want that at all and strongly encourage editing out things that their children are too young to hear and understand .
many arguments have been lead to because of the disagreement .
airships could not fly low over urban areas so even attempting to approach the area would be illegal .
if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf .
probably not will that computer game running .
<person> and i were watching some ghost movie that bored us to tears .
but we see people get hit by cars all of the time on the <caps> and it is considered comedic .
the workers had to finish the roof before the mast could be framed .
my mom said that shed be wide back .
the author describes his house as .
also the wind on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
<month> <caps> rest in peace .
and lifted my brother up .
to show how to be grateful .
the next day we had to put up our night stands .
this happened in the passage .
i will do most anything to get a good laugh .
there was no place to get water and he was becoming dehydrated the terrain was getting rougher .
he used a computer to help study for a test he had the next day .
including the dangerous factor of nature .
i was walking into the room where the speech competition was .
<organization> and i have the funnest times together .
everybody came back outside to play around with it .
you could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes .
it also sounded in the story that it felt like two hundred degrees when the sun was beating down
the author has a good reason in which she concludes the story with this .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
that also shows she will not forget her old home .
you just had their best work pulled from the shelfs because you think it is offensive .
but then i thought about it .
<caps> had learned how to respect his parents .
the <caps> <caps> in <organization> is the shortest distance between two people .
this would mean that there was not much room for the dirigibles when it was not in year .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
thats is how much i was laughing .
paragraph <num> sums up the mood of the entire memoir .
otherwise people would complain just out of spite towards certain peoples material .
a time i was patience was one time we were <caps> the store and i was <caps> excited to go to the toys section .
<caps> i bought a bunch of food and stuff for the pool party .
he can go out and buy these magazines from friends that steals or rents them from our local library .
the library is meant to have almost any book someone could think of .
not all of them are for the eyes of every person out there .
people can go there for many different things .
just the mere smell of his mothers cooking brought love to the entire room .
he thought he was let down .
my brother comes home with homework every night .
offensive material will <caps> be out in the world .
<person> and <person> continued to laugh at my sound <caps> .
people are also not visiting friends and family and those are the most important .
doing that with their life .
theres so many reasons way there always on .
the first obstacle was safety .
things such as wind and nature itself would have made this wonderful idea impossible .
another feature of the setting was the desert and the high temperatures .
it turns out we had a two hour layover in <location> .
computers only make doing your work easier and faster .
helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on .
was only two minutes .
i would have to say that the reason <person> and i became friends is because of laughter .
then the person on the back jumps off and snaps a picture on their phone and then the person driving is supposed to brake and set the quad down .
making you laugh and caring enough to try to make you feel better that keeps our world from completely going insane .
keeping those historical facts poses an opportunity to teach and learn .
so it made it illegal for them to tie up to the building or even come close to the area .
most of what we do today could not happen without computers .
i thought i would get at least one thing but i got nothing .
having someone who makes you laugh is a key factor in life .
if there is an <caps> who thinks that something is offensive they have the right to talk to someone who works at the library .
being able to <caps> a skill it helps your mind to .
sometimes life can be so cruel .
thank you for listening
and so on i got to <num> and i started getting full .
this implies nature comforts her .
i will be substituting the real names with others names though .
i was even closer to <caps> then in the first term .
then we took the <num> hour flight to hawk bay .
we now live in a world where everyone voices their opinion freely and you can not be punished for doing so .
i truly found the meaning of this word when i was seven years old at the mall .
then she was almost dehydrated when she came to a rickety road which had a few tumbleweed and a huge snake which was quite difficult to get by .
during their move to <location> .
if i was patient the whole time when we were running arch i could get it .
it is good to have friends and family that care about you and are willing to give up everything for you .
then we said our goodbyes and i went to the bus stop .
we loaded the trike and quads in the back of the truck and trailer and was off to the woods .
when i was patient .
students would get in my face wanting to know what school i came from and wanted to know all about me .
i hope after reading this you will agree with my position .
so i asked my mom could she buy it .
i went to swim practice trying to be patient and wait for my dad to get the money .
my sister <organization> i exited the ride <organization> walked over to the booth were they show the pictures that they had taken of the people on the ride .
a library is a place for people of all ages it should not be limited to just one age group .
the mood created by the author is a happy and grateful one .
he began to ride again .
he went skiing up at his family cottage .
in fifth grade i had to do this really hard project .
i was nervous but confident at the same time .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
that is why censorship should never be able to remove a piece of literature from any shelf .
the mood created in this memoir is friendship .
toward the beginning of the story the author sounds discouraged and upset that she failed her test .
the primary problem was the usefulness of this dock creation .
i just think that spending time with your family is important .
this kind of catastrophe was also probable because of the flammable gases like hydrogen used to keep the blimps afloat .
my second reason was going out-side and the reason for that is because people need to get fresh air and not be locked inside all day .
rough road ahead are final example is that he was in the desert so he saw a snake come out of the tumbleweeds .
then the biker listened and he went on down the road .
the building will turn from <num> floors to 102 .
hand-eye coordination very important .
these are the reasons as well as more to why censuring in libraries would help the impact of lies to children lessen .
could be at stake under such principles .
i would go swimming with her family .
sixty-nine percent of people use information from the computer to buy a home .
it is ten times better if that laugh is shared with someone else .
the winds on top of the building were very violent and could easily push a dirigible in the wrong direction .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
but most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you .
<caps> people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them .
we would also have less censorship for people who only try to spread there ideas .
what he had to be patient about though was getting <caps> into the deep water of the pool .
water is the main thing he should have .
computers just make <caps> all of the information i need to knew about your brothers diabetes so easy .
the rapid advancement in technology is not a positive thing .
i went to the food court and not even ten minutes behind me she was right there .
its there people want to read it .
there will soon come a time where expression at all will be censored .
so we decided to lay down between the tracks and look at the stars .
<caps> is because of this that computers allow you to learn about other place .
then after that time it will feel just like home .
these were two of several examples of the setting affecting the cyclist .
it is part of what is great about this country .
another week passed and still not here .
materials should be organized that <caps> can easily see if they would be offensive or not .
i met them both in entirely different ways .
if it has a good message to send to you will think about it .
i remember it very vividly .
after seeing that i thought if their were a sign or something around to warn me i would not of had to see that .
the mood that the author creates is very important to the memoir .
the empire state building faced hardships while trying to dock their dirigibles .
the wind is very violent at that altitude .
another obstacle was the weather at the top of the building .
like when the author talked about their parents and the house they live in and how it always made them remember like if they were still there .
<caps> plagued the construction of the docks .
if you need some happiness in your life then watch a funny movie or hang out with people that make you laugh .
long ago in the land of <location> their was a young boy named <caps> .
i believe that this really has to go down to what the persons beliefs are .
when he finds the bait shop hes relieved .
ii say this because his parents sacrifice everything they had because they wanted a better life for their son .
first they had to design the mask which sounds like a long and complicated process .
books are very valuable to most people in the united states .
and three it will keep us updated on sports we like to catch especially if your a sports fanatic .
being patient is like a jungle cat hunting its prey .
it was all worth the wait .
i though all this in my head .
so we went to the market .
you can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once .
he was looking on what seemed like a very official site to purchase a big boat .
another thing was nature the winds would not let a blimp land there .
the features of the setting that affect the cyclist are the conditions of the road and weather .
i always tell my friends <caps> is a great ab workout .
i was happy to get in line to go down .
<caps> and i have just noticed that we have meet before once at a band competition .
there is much to be learned in the way of psychology and human nature from almost any writing .
another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature .
the sun was just cresting the ridge in front of me and i had to stop and bask in the sun shine .
in his efforts he is slowly getting weaker and the sign he sees only makes him feel worse because it seems to him that it mocking him .
always read the back of a book before checking it out of the library because you never know what the books going to be about
i say that computers have a more positive effect on people .
and he was positive and honest .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
and that is what patience is .
we were the kind of girls who laughed really hard and loud with our eyes watering and our stomach muscles hurting us for the rest of the day .
my brother and i were right behind them and our parents were no where in sight .
as a teenager i let those words pass by me .
this drove the cyclist to continue on in order to survive .
<caps> hugged with <caps> still streaming down their faces .
i could not find it because someone else found it inappropriate and had asked that the book be removed from the shelf .
they to not be bored .
and i saw how they live .
it is strange but true .
if anything put it in a different area or just move it put all that type of book in one area not mixed in .
most of it is very helpful information .
that is the mood and some examples created by the author in the memoir .
it helps people to learn about others and information about them .
i was going to the same like i said .
there are even music out there that only adults should be listening too .
that really would be the future of computers .
a study made by students at <organization> shows that the chances of developing arthritis by the time you are <num> dropped almost <percent> in people that use computers often .
without the computers most of us would not no about world news .
he would meet me at the <organization> and i would tell my parents that i was just going to be with <person> .
obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were problems such as strong winds a weak structure and public safety .
aunt <person> was fixing the front of the wig for him .
going <caps> that practice was a blast that night .
coming down and making remarks at him about not being able to stay on his board was one of the most warming things i have ever felt .
also he did no know where he was going so he had to rely on other people directions .
those are what i think the moods are created by the author .
that was a story about he being patient at doctors office and for a <num> minutes thing .
it contradicts freedom of the press .
the computer is <caps> one of the fastest ways you can learn about current events .
thus they would be able to understand each other .
if a child is absent from school you can go to the schools website and find out the homework .
whether we say or do something stupid in front of each other we both have the ability to laugh it off .
though it was an accident it still happened and it can be prevented and it should be prevented for the sake of the children .
it would solve a lot of problems .
the first reason why builders difficulty allowing dirigibles to dock was because of safety .
many obstacles came upon the builders .
it will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner .
he is a very good athlete .
the reason this article is also happy is shown in <caps> <num> when he talks of the endless celebrations or a love of cooking that is still with me today .
their are different kinds of people that like to read different kinds of things .
another obstacle that was faced was a law .
the author created several different moods in this memoir .
when i met him i fed him some of my bait and i guessed he liked warms so i gave him all my bait put down pole .
with a computer you can explore anywhere without even leaving your doorstep .
another mood mood that the author creates is happiness .
people could often be offended by the materials that can be accessed through a public library .
there were no more smiles when i found out that i had to go to school the next day .
computers teach a lot of hand eye coordination .
sitting in front of a computer does nothing for your body .
so i said i am hanging up .
you just have to find a way that benefits you most .
my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family .
<caps> as simple as that .
laughter is an important part of life .
it was time to send my taste buds on vacation .
being patient is waiting quietly for something to happen .
we roller bladed back to the car as fast as we could .
<caps> the average adolescent only spend ten minutes a week exercising not including gym .
a book is simply a way to learn and explore the different things in life .
walking down the walk way i ease into seat <num> as the show begins .
i think computers are a great of technology because of the information they can provide .
later that night we went to see him .
when people think of a library they think of a quiet place to study and read .
in the essay rough road ahead the setting greatly affects the cyclists .
another reason was the wind .
so we all debated on who was going to go .
today i am going to talk about the time she goes shopping .
there are ups and downs either way it goes .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
they cant take every bad or vulgar thing off of the shelves .
most of then will help you learn about the subject and then you have time to finish it and hang out with your friends .
the boat was delayed so we were told it would be late .
i believe that the author concluded the story with this paragraph for several reasons .
social activity is good for everyone .
realizing you turned your house into a home .
if i ever try sarcasm to make people laugh i always end up offending them .
so finally my mom told me to just stop thinking about it and be patient and it would name faster .
if a person took offense from a book or magazine i believe that person should just put it back .
the <caps> <caps> was to be able to design the mast without having to reconstruct a big part of the building .
tell a true story in which laughter was on element or part .
thats not fair in <location> .
it was about a <num> yard swim to get all the way to <caps> .
then talks about delicious foods and great music .
now you know what the computer can do to you .
one obstacle the architects faced was the buildings frame .
no they <caps> not use computers more .
i was really embarrassed .
it would turn out to be a disaster .
i was at a library one time and there way these to guys .
my father told them we had left the keys inside car .
had a earthquake we went on websites for that .
if the items are in a public library they should be kept in a separate area for those who wish to view them .
<caps> mood in this memoir is enjoyable .
i for one think that they need to put more magazines on the stands so you can have more information .
we played <caps> and made jokes and laughed a lot more .
<person> wrote a book by the name <caps> <num> .
and the magazines to keep you updated with the newest fashion on new looks or something thats going on and our community .
computers help us to learn in school and outside of it .
i agree with the computers helping people .
<person> wanted her mom more than ever now .
<caps> patrons should not be shielded from these occurrences .
it says that she will keep on attempting to make an adjustment to her life till she accepts her new home .
without computers we would not be able to be as social .
we went outside for a third time played .
hope after hope arises to the end in turmoil upon turmoil .
id rather be playing football with my friends than that dumb game .
its not fair to the author .
my first reason why computers are good is that you communicate with other people .
you could be able to find what college a famous actor went to in a matter of seconds .
well this is the end of my essay
i used to think that talking with someone .
not everyone likes to read the same thing as someone else .
she name the dog wonder because every time she saw him she began to wonder about her wonderful life .
they would need something more stable .
but i was still not calming down then the very first person left and then was starting to calm down and just wait for the next person to go .
magazines are also a small portion of this conflict .
the number of problems and obstacles mounted higher and higher with the idea of mooring airships to a new mast atop the empire state building .
this means there was no water available for him .
so you wont get sleep and if you have school you wont be able to concentrate you will to busy worried about the game .
this is why the author ends the story with this paragraph .
it put out a sense of family in the story .
the week of my birthday .
my second reason is to have a job in the computer business .
<num> more minutes and l was home free .
in the story the cyclist is faced with the mental and physical journey he takes while riding his bike .
i believe these are good altercations to prevent this from happening if only we take the steps to accomplish them
the cyclist was exhausted as he was going up hill .
the reason i was happy though is because i got to go onto the field .
i told him that every year i go and i always enjoy them .
<caps> said that her book was offensive and she was going to tell somebody about it .
the computer was a great invention and it is benefited mankind as we speak and that it is that hard to set up .
we said in harmony .
there was another day like that .
in conclusion these are some things that made his trip hard .
i know i would not .
censoring is not going to change our society .
the features in the story changed the speakers mood throughout his journey .
thank you for listening to what i had to say
finally someone yelled just be patient they will call .
the first obstacle was purely architectural .
it supplies everyday people with information that they are seeking to learn about .
i strongly urge you to consider my opinion on the benefits of modern technology and think of all the people computers have helped .
the stress might be so much for the building that it could cause the building to collapse .
the music was always playing and family came a lot .
we also use hand-eye coordination is loaded and .
he is explaining his past .
laughing is a part of my life no matter how hard life <month> seem .
<caps> people <caps> not exercise at all anymore .
a time when i was patient is when i play volleyball .
this is what i think the mood of the article is about in the memoir .
it was my favorite part <organization> everyday .
laughter bonds people together at any age .
the computer is necessary for our society today .
no one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect .
i believe that a person that smiles often lives longer .
the first problem they should have turned their attention to was the law against low-flying aircraft over urban areas .
that is another feature that will affect him .
also if you want to see the <caps> then you can search it on your computer to see whats going on .
not only is quick and easy its free .
so at that point we only had a hour or so left i was so excited .
i remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was <caps> last day to do it .
thats what is happening today .
<person> loaded the gun and pulled the trigger .
there can be a laughing relationship with animals as well as humans .
and with hibiscus budding she can make her new life .
i have to say that i agree with them .
the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
computers are also a massive social network .
last the weather was hot and dry which tired the cyclist out .
the greatest reason the mooring mast of the empire state building never fulfilled its purpose was because of safety issues .
we leaned more and more against the rail from exhaustion .
you can talk to friends .
the settings features interfered with the cyclists physical and mental state .
the authors interpretation of their childhood home set a mood of love and compassion .
patience was patient through all the waiting and in the end went on all the roller coasters and had fun .
she enjoyed doing this it made her happy .
we sat there for what must have been half an hour .
for example he says .
for one person to declare what is right could highly offend another individual .
another problem was wind .
i love the computer it helps keep me close to <caps> loved ones .
the story is inspiring and the ending greatly contributes to the effect .
but i can still remember the day i learned what patience was .
the author is explaining that he had family friends over to his house to eat almost every night .
we all made it down the mountain with very few injuries and not too many bee stings .
the masting moor of the empire state building caused too many obstacles for the project to be completed .
computers are ruining lives .
and computers can make our live s a little easier .
the idea seemed great .
i swim on a swim team for a <organization> .
and have exercise with friends and family too .
continue reading to find out why .
but after an hour and a half i finished the book .
this country has the freedom of speech where we can say anything we want .
i strongly believe that these computers are badly affecting us .
i do not think that is a good idea .
while he was biking he had to go up crippling hills .
computers also great way to communicate to people no matter how far away that person is .
each day she walked to the library for a new story to dive in .
computers can be a very good thing to have around .
laughter has been a nonchalant but steady and strong force for me in many relationships .
and that was a time i was patient at hair salon .
sometimes we would even laugh at each other during boring assemblies or at a ridiculous person attempting an act that everyone knows they cannot do .
i need to use patience almost <num> times a day .
these practical reasons called for the idea of the mooring mast to be diminish .
it also serves as a great place to exercise .
the wind and weather needed to be taken into consideration as well .
they can also see how nice or bad the countries and states look .
if people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
by the of the day you ran out of patient .
it was the sweetest laugh .
we always seem to find a way to make each other laugh .
people need more time to interact with their family .
i just think that computers are ruining the life of many people .
<person> teary eyes and wet face began to dry .
think about the conversations that go on in schools and at the work place .
society today has changed the way we once viewed our sources of entertainment .
for example <organization> a couple is just out having a excellent time they would want to keep sharing the wonderful beyond with each other .
these are only some things i can do on my computer .
i think there are several ways why and why not to take books out of our libraries .
with that you cant be told not to do so .
created and controlled by the government surrounding him .
in my opinion that was patience .
they know how to make you feel better and it always seems to work .
later on the setting was against him .
computers help us see the unseen .
the hibiscus does these actions by coming out of its buds and blooming .
computers can be a nice little break after all your homework is done .
i wanted to hit him .
then there is the distance of his ride .
people need to stop over reacting to something that might have been said <date> .
the features of the setting strongly affected the cyclist .
but first i want to be educated on where i go .
but if a child is not taught that those things have bad effects they will learn the hard way .
so when these kids see the movie stars they envy and video games they enjoy harming other people they will pick up on the violence and do it themselves .
the rolling hills of the road were making him use more energy .
i cant have that i was patient for so long for clothes .
i think the comp is a in every household .
if your capable of reading it or if it is the right decision check it out .
it wont even phase anyone anymore .
but their disregard for rules and customs was contagious .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
censorship in movies is also growing .
everybody would get a cot and would have to endure the warm daylight and the harsh cold bitter <time> .
that way you get what you need done .
thats all i have to say .
that was worth the wait too .
the stores and libraries should set limits on books and ages .
but i kept saying to myself be patient well stop at the next place .
laughing could bring you closer to others and make your day more amazing .
finally we got up to the front and me and my friends were so excited .
well if you are than you need to listen to this upcoming message .
laughter is used as a cure for everything .
these choice words used by the author give you a good feeling and put you in a happy mood .
i think we need literature on this because i feel enlightenment on the subject is the only way you can avoid it .
music you love <month> be offensive to me .
he was also had enough patience to wait to see what was wrong .
censorship in libraries is not a big deal to me .
when i put my first leg in my jeans i just had a feeling that i was going to fall .
if you took the songs that were offensive off the shelf that would make people angry .
<caps> mom hears the thump of me hitting the floor <caps> runs upstairs to find me laughing .
about half way through the <num> paragraph was when the memoir started to get very <caps> .
but the problem could do with computers .
my <caps> mother cooked <num> pans of it .
thats why a first impression is so important .
one way i find easy for me to help others is with laughter .
this blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books .
and then he stopped for directions and the men gave him the oldest set of directions .
my teacher was very sick so we had a substitute .
the first obstacle they dealt with was the fact that mooring such heavy blimps would add stress to the building .
if we work together on taking care of all of the profanities then i bet the world would be a much safer and nicer place .
blood and all things cruel have been talked about and heard about too .
the dirigibles were flying to low over the urban areas and that is a law against airships .
i went back drank my pop and watched the show .
and thats what i think about library products like that .
thus needing to redo the fundamental building blocks of the operation .
we told him the news and he took into the room .
<caps> means that their will probably be some naked and sexual play into the video or song .
every day as i ran down the drive way i hoped that day would be the day the letter would come .
every second my heart pounced until i got in my dads car at <num> .
i put on an orange turtle neck sweater and jeans with sneakers .
<caps> is thankful and grateful for everything his parents and family have done .
as we were kicking the ball i got an idea .
tons of these people have not seen were <num> .
children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically .
one of the obstacles builders faced was nature itself .
everyone has a different opinion and taste to what they like or dislike .
parental concern for their children is also a factor .
and that is why i support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people .
they are not spending time with the family instead they would like to spend their free time on the <caps> .
i got a lot of <date> stuff .
everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not .
so then you and your family would grow apart .
for the most part though books are not all that offensive at least none of the books i read .
these are just some of the many obstacles the builders of the empire state building had to take into consideration when attempting to allow dirigible to dock their .
what i am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects .
i noticed you were having trouble with math today said <caps> teacher .
there are all kinds of books out there and no two books are the same .
he then came upon <organization> that has do and abandoned .
maybe a newspaper talks about a great disaster and every one swarms the stand attacking each other .
so basically like i said you <caps> do anything .
eventually we both fell asleep .
all my friends had it .
taking away books of a certain subject could upset people that like that type of book or it could even pertain to their everyday lives .
in the excerpt the obstacles the <caps> of the empire state building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area .
this makes television seem obsolete as well .
this law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
it was a day that i felt closer to <location> and <person> .
lets go back a week ago .
they just want to take the ball and score .
that was a very dark period in history .
at first he is fine riding along the old-timers shortcut as he states that things began well enough .
my foster family had a different religion than me i am atheist .
he searches for a place to rest where there <month> be water but he is not able to .
suppose every book relating to both world wars were censored and could not be read .
so he had to be really hot .
many people before us went through everyday life without them .
its a debate that has gone through several libraries over the content of the material .
is <caps> hard for you to be patient .
then get of bus at the corner and walk back to the house .
when you want to click on something you have to look at the screen and move the mouse to click on the icon .
i smiled and laughed a lot that <date> and it did bring me very close to someone .
before events like plays or movies you have to be patient until the movie are play begins .
it was always changing because of air currents .
more than sixty thousand dollars went into the modifications of the framework .
after the food we got two slices of double chocolate lava cake .
<caps> is a show about four boys who go on unintentional adventures to save their <caps> <caps> .
there are many different types of books .
i laughed and cried over and over again .
when we were done seedling in and got done meeting all our relatives we got together and had a family dinner .
also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by .
we <caps> and it made us laugh so hard we could barley run away .
my opinion on this matter is that agree that computer are bad and people are spending .
famous singer <person> says .
he is also grateful for his parents love and sacrifice .
<person> was laughing after the show was over .
that clearly shows one of the <caps> things we need computers for .
with emailing you can send messages to your friends in any part of the world .
the author decides to end the story with the paragraph to show many things .
i ended up getting more nervous and began to stutter as we started to talk .
a child of <num> years old would not have developed the mature way of think of the book .
i played games and read books while i was waiting for the guests .
<caps> also creates a sense of pride in his parents and family .
parents should also care about what there child hears or reads if there young .
as we skated we noticed a man and a woman sharing a date together in a very small boat .
airplanes became more suitable to passengers then dirigibles .
i sadly told <person> and <person> as i packed and waited on the wooden bench by the door .
being so happy made this such a warm home in <caps> .
because that means that you believed and that you have a reason to be dedicated and driven to have a purpose .
what one person might not like the next person might love .
i weakly raised my hand to knock .
even if its war movies its telling what these men have gone through and they fought and lost there friends .
some features of the setting affect the cyclist .
they we got on a lot of ride .
we were in <location> waiting .
i found directions within a second using a computer .
the author ends with this promise or commitment because it shows hope and determination .
she realized we were just having fun and actually laughed about it too .
a smile on everyones faces as they left the door for the final time that year .
journey still i face .
i realized i had only passed two houses .
she says she grew in a neighborhood where everyone was one big family .
also while reading he talks about how him and his family always helped each other out .
this could be very dangerous .
there is no need for an angry public or strikes .
we had an hour to wait before they would get their tire fixed and would catch up with us .
in which the kitchen is the heart of the home .
these game can past time and the player some fun .
making people closer is just a small part of the effects that just one laugh can do to two people .
having such a close acquaintance to guide us made the trip even more fun .
computers also help yet work done .
the girl-in-black said that <caps> is stupid .
she loved her heritage which she still adore today .
finally we arrived .
i got all this information from paragraphs <num> .
many people believe that some material is unsuitable .
you can be sure that that is not something that i would want to be .
i was going to chess club to challenge the board one holder .
just all around the two of us being stupid together was what we did .
it also sometimes goes by what you are looking for .
when i went to <caps> point everybody went on this scary high in the sky ride an you have to take your shoes of than we got something to eat .
many <caps> today are obese and lazy .
i would never forget this day when my sister and i had a water balloon fight .
i sighed in relief .
the drill is called truck and trailer .
its just a dam book let us read them .
well then i could get a franchise closed because it offends me .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
so now knowing always be patient no matter <caps> the deal is .
my mom and dad said they were very proud of me keeping my patients through all of the waiting .
this world wold be nothing without computers .
either way it would help them be a success in their life .
the cyclist is dehydrated because of the horrible heat .
then i saw him run past and before i knew it i leaped off the ground and waved frantically .
there is more to the process like the <organization> people bring or take it to or away from you .
being patient throw the day and waiting for school to get out .
once upon a time their was a princess named <organization> .
this is because computers can affect their education .
who knows we might have to vote on it someday
i was so furious with him that i thought nothing between us would ever bee the same again .
this way you want go to place not knowing if jobs are available and seeing none .
informing articles and books should not be removed from shelves in libraries because they are there just to provide a source of knowledge .
as you computers have a lot of positive effect on people .
they modified the buildings frame to accommodate the new situation .
our hard times all start when we wake up .
thanks to what he grew up in he learned the real definition of family .
the computer solves this .
that is why it says i will take that test again .
another is the changing wind speeds would cause the dirigible to sway in the air .
he thinks it sounds amazing to drink .
the night came to an end when <caps> ended up dumping her water all over the waiters son .
it is very difficult to have somewhere to go to read but there is nowhere to go .
but i was cool with it i new i was bad because it was the first time .
should libraries censor reading materials to students at school .
it helps education because <caps> always use computers to help kids learn important information .
wanting to go on so badly .
whats this i hear about map it .
we went and got in line for one of the new rides they just got and since it new the line was long .
another example can be a book .
when it comes to a relationship simply laughing can help anyone .
they realized that the weight of the dirigible would deform the buildings structure and that the strong winds could cause damages down to the foundation of the building .
however some dirigibles attempted to dock .
each feature causing the cyclist to act .
they had many friends and were thankful .
the area surrounding the building had other buildings with sharp spires on top .
but <caps> are books .
also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know .
the author chose to end the story in this way because it effectively ties in different aspects and principles of the story .
<caps> true you are helping but doing <caps> yourself would feel a whole lot better .
i was so embarrassed .
due to the hot temperatures and the dry air i was very tired the <caps> weeks .
offensive materials have no business being in libraries .
i felt awful for <person> .
however i think people used computers the most for communication .
the obesity rate has increased between then too .
i agree with these experts too .
it is not pleasant having people talking crap about you behind your back and laughing uncontrollably .
they could even have stuff that the young minds should not read .
because once those seniors open those high school doors and graduate its no more staying up late and sleeping in and parting on the weekends .
you got to think about other people in this too .
they have to say it .
if we gave people the right to decide what was held in libraries .
i was wondering what the question was .
some people say that computers are a bad influence on <location> .
the stubborn side of my nephew was showing its ugly face that morning as <caps> fought every move we made .
i truly believe that the planet would be better with out computers .
in my opinion i think that computers help people .
but the bath room was a little small but it was great .
a lot of the parents do not want there kids to go to the library and look at pictures that are really offensive .
censorship is not necessary because individuals are aware of what they are interested without anything telling them what to look for .
he thought he would die alone and that birds would eat him .
i think no one has the right to pull that item off the shelf because of there own opinion of it .
who ever moved out of line lost .
it can mean waiting and something and much more .
computers are very useful .
also if your parents found out you would be in even more trouble because then you would get grounded .
i had finally got a reward for being patient all these years .
then a month later the were boyfriend and girlfriend everything was going good .
this shows sorting like morale of never giving up .
its how they wanted it to be written and nobody should get mad over that .
so about these bombs .
you <month> never know but maybe someone might think your favorite book is not appropriate .
people can be discovering many great wonders .
i came back <time> and <caps> was gone .
we waited all day until it was dark again then we packed up and we left .
laughter is one of the many things i enjoy doing .
i thought he was just talking smack and i asked the bus driver if he was serious .
family time is so critical in anyones life .
as <caps> all should realize that everyone is different and not everyone will agree with one another .
then i realized how easy it is for a child to access adult information .
explicit content is all around not only in the media and literature .
builders faced multiple obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
students read books about the past so that they learn .
that is why patience is important .
sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay .
in the <organization> computer simulations teach the soldiers how to react to many different situations .
it does not do well to isolate media without first seeing the good that lies in it and the strong feelings it has to convey .
i inhaled and headed down the hall to them .
my creations are expressions that i give for world to enjoy and think about .
gyms are way better than computers .
we are here said my mom we are at <caps> to go shopping to my sister .
would add stress to the buildings frame .
the computer is a you to play it .
one thing is the water .
the hot heat that would make birds pick him drys all of those examples make it hard for the reader to take the old timers advice .
the authors parents were determined to have their kid have a better life .
if you are spending all this time on your computer you will be out on in your family .
some parents bring their child up they way they want to .
this would make the back of the ship swivel around .
laughing is the biggest quality to have in someone .
we would stay up all night long watching sad movies and laughing at each other when we caught each other crying .
children do not choose their parents .
i mean theres <caps> where people can socialize with their families who live out of state .
i cant understand why .
like once you find it you click and a of things so when you look you on same thing else .
the author concludes with this paragraph because the hibiscus brings her comfort from home and confidence .
i would be walking around the house trying to get my laugh really <caps> .
exercise is a big part in staying healthy and fit .
we need to learn about those kind of thing .
sometimes laughter is good <caps> comes from the heart .
he walked over and pants-ed me in the middle of the walk way .
the cyclist portrayed this barrenness by saying it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town .
it goes up and down .
most hear curse words before they can even walk .
i stared laughing too .
laughter is together .
he shook his head no .
as well as not being able to fit .
<caps> missed and hit <person> .
it was time for me find new waters to swim in .
i was starting to get worried .
the snow melting would be the pain going away .
many hazards and rigorous features affect the cyclist .
i showed patience before .
after that she took the medicine and was going through it in my eyes .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a happy mood .
new music sometimes contains lewd or inappropriate lyrics that have no place in the library .
my friend came by my house one day to hang out and do some homework .
watching comedians doing their acts can cheer people up and have them start laughing .
then the next week or so i got an email from him and so now we can keep in touch with each other .
i grabbed the handle and kicked off the ground .
my mom and i were at my aunts house trying desperately not too laugh .
he then felt a little disturbed and worried .
you can fine out many hallway can take you to <location> or <caps> beach or other places .
we never really talked but she seemed nice .
my whole point of explaining this is that its the peoples choice <caps> they would like to be on all the time .
the mood is a very happy one .
caused him to almost fall out .
he had to save as much water as possible .
he talks about the love for the people and things in his life that he cares about .
as i was about to say hello i could hear <location> crying .
i agree that this benefits society .
we started walking around waiting to see if it was going to rain .
movies are just like books but for young children it is easier to visualize a movie rather then a book .
laughter is the only thing that brings two people closer i think .
the computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country .
i do believe that someone is trying to make a difference with the banned books list .
now i will write one paragraph about each .
she started blabbering and said .
so take them off the shelves .
i always wished that i could go back in time and relive <caps> childhood .
throughout everything you do in a day chatting with friends is a good way to relax and have fun .
when i looked over my <caps> was laughing too i was humiliated .
there are people out there that go on these websites on their computers and pretend to be a teen .
we finished our slight conversation and i continued home .
there is also less and less face-to-face interactions with family and friends .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
let us start with books .
after all the freedom of speech is written in our rights .
this is an essay by <person>
they called my mom and brother .
you can ask <caps> question and get an instant reply .
well mostly my dad because he did not say lets go or anything .
i would rather have a few offensive books then none at all .
our schools really need to watch what they put onto there selfs .
when i went to a skate board demo at skate lair i had tons of fun .
everybody has their on opinion on censorship and everybody can not get what they want .
the man was talking about me .
the builders of the empire state building obstacles can be described in the following ways .
peoples computers have been infected and information has been stolen leaving people helpless .
when she does purchase it she goes home and gives it to her mom and they plant it .
he was so frustrated .
my dad was patient and that is unusual because he is normally in patient .
he is able to die of thirst when he sees a bait shop .
when we stepped inside we noticed that a flier said <num> shots <date> threw <date> .
to learn about far away places is great .
in this excerpt the builders of the empire state building were faced with many problems trying to build a dock for dirigibles .
that is when <person> learned that patience can pay off in the end .
the mood in the memoir was that the author was grateful .
if a book is removed from a shelf because someone finds it offensive then the next person who comes along looking for that book can not access it .
which adds to his dehydration .
they make his journey seem hopeless .
in the end our team ended up winning i never complained one time about not being able to serve .
just sitting there on the computer will get you .
in that time you could be spending time with your precious little girl or even the best friend out side in nature having fun .
when you use a computer it is completely free .
they made the cyclist scared and caused him to go around these things .
every book removed from the shelves is another learning experience taken away .
hand-eye coordination is the biggest skill that computers teach anyone .
people also type papers and essays for work .
one time when i was being very patient was when i was with my grandparents .
this is one very important reason student use computer to research projects .
which meant it would have taken along time just land and fueling .
we see that it is already hard for her by the way she breaks down crying .
it was a card so it had to have money in it .
i had gotten more information than the book .
your bank account number .
someone could really like it or a group of people could .
theres stuff thats bad like you cant really stop them .
some people say that people spend to much time on the computer but not enough enjoying nature .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his mood change .
the cant control what books are in the library .
criticizing subjects of entertainment is downgrading different forms of art .
this time we had to get with our partner and make a routine to a song that we wanted so we were pretty stoked .
there are very friendly and love skittles .
this program is used from everything to research papers to .
then at last he goes to a fishing store and so he gets water and his spirits go way up .
this is not the case .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
then your going to pay for that as well .
any of these things could happen to you so i advise you not to use a computer .
was my dad was going to sent me a <caps> present .
my mom got quite angry and my dad was also very upset with me because they knew i was much more capable than i showed in my grades .
i think they need to be removed from shelves or put away .
i believe the author ends the story with this sentence to show how she overcome obstacles emotionally and how the hibiscus plant is a sigh of hope for future .
eventually he came to a fishing camp and found water in the sink of the bathroom .
<percent> of kids like to read .
i usually do that so i know when a good is to an in the to buy what i want .
teens have computer every week .
if you keep them from a book or etc they might end up reading it in the long run .
in order to succeed in life in general you must have patience .
over the next minute we all stopped laughing and was quiet for the next hour <caps> we stopped and ate .
the winds were ferocious at the top of he building and were always shifting .
another obstacle they had to face was the lack of floors that would serve as a boarding area for the passengers .
my mom wanted to see his hand and his knuckles and all that stuff that moms always do .
they are the future of our country and our world .
you want to keep things going good so the other person likes you and thinks your funny .
they can cause many problems in your life .
the setting affected the cyclist because of the rode conditions .
i have written in this newspaper of things that should be left alone .
the book that <caps> choosing is called <caps> <caps> <caps> .
then my two bottom teeth .
i think the author wanted to show how she gained respect for herself in the end of the passage .
on the bike ride he had a glimmer of hope at an old water pump but quickly disappointed when the hot liquid tasted of battery acid .
a third obstacle was that there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
the emotions test of both of the situations she is is will allow her to be stronger .
i personally use laughter to create a bond that another person and i can relate at a level to be able to share our thoughts and our feelings through laughter .
the terrain has a great deal to do with it .
things would be completely different if people would watch what they put in stuff .
in this essay i will describe to you why i think this way .
i think the mood is love because he talks about the love and support his whole family had .
<caps> really does help to know that you have someone that loves you and can brighten your day .
some people <month> see this as a great advancement .
dear local news paper i believe the computer has a positive effect on people .
people should be able to read what they enjoy and not be ridiculed for it .
children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings .
we arrive midmorning .
people are concerned that too many people are spending too much time on their computers .
its just another reason to love the computer .
lastly i believe that the libraries should not be able to tell us what we can and cannot read .
i totally agree on that .
the material should be removed if it is offensive to anyones gender .
<caps> mood is love .
we arrived at the beach the beach down on the <organization> <location> .
these things could go up two <num> miles per hour .
he is always saying how much he appreciates what his parents did by moving to <location> to create a better life for him .
the views on censorship in libraries definitely varies from person to person .
for example a computer helps you study for a test with information websites like <organization> .
all information is helpful in some way .
she was laughing like there was no tomorrow and so was i .
a library should never be intended for a certain group of readers .
the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the mooring at the top of the building .
my dad and mom stayed to save our spots .
all i could think about was how hot he looked in his black wrestling shirt and his faded blue jeans .
this can help people understand computers .
he was bummed out because he could never get outside .
computers take away peoples free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness .
some people <month> find them offensive because they might have bad things in them .
the only thing we should be worried about is the rated <caps> movies .
the computer allows for quick and beneficial research .
it often makes people stand up for what they believe .
then something bad happened .
one specific law did not allow airships to fly too low over urban areas .
music should stay on the radio or in stores not in libraries .
another thing about laughter <caps> really makes me who i am to this day .
the speaker said that he could have died from heatstroke .
after eating lunch which took <num> minutes i decided to watch another movie .
there was a law prohibiting airships from flying too low over urban areas .
the setting around the cyclist led her to drink a lot of water because of the dry conditions .
when either of us is going through a ruff time we still find a way to make each other laugh and forget about all our problems for a while .
when something pulling at my fishing rod i taint to pull it in and what pulled my line was a small white bass .
his parents sacrificed everything for him so he can have a better life .
it was a <date> <time> and i had to go to school but i was acting very patient so my mom would think its time for me to have my new phone .
except right when i got home i fell on the deck because the step was icy .
almost everyone in the <location> uses a computers at one point in their life .
<caps> people have computers and go on them daily .
this is exactly the way i felt in that moment .
building up to a friendship is always sometimes difficult .
countless people around the world face these problems everyday and computer usage should be lessened .
this shows the author is grateful and happy .
<caps> i cant contact my mom i email her on my computer .
after thinking about that book he decided to be brave and call his parents .
some books say sexual things in them that <month> offend a race of some type or a gender .
<person> could turn any activity into a lighthearted experience .
my final reason why spending to much time on the computer is bad is that your not enjoying nature .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
my mother actually contacts actors in videos to see if they want to become professionals .
there are many setting that affect the cyclist .
these were <num> of the many obstacles that the builders of the empire state were faced with .
in take home and watch .
many people use this to get in touch with a close family members or a friend .
in a library there are hundreds of materials that can be offensive to anyone .
then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were .
that is a time that i was patient .
some people say bibles should be allowed in libraries .
i thanked her and then completed my work .
it is telling us of his childhood .
some people do not like a book by its size or by how big or small the words are .
are offensive then you really got to take action .
we had a lot of patients by the end of the week .
i tried to hind behind my back pack again but it was to late .
patience has patience is a <num> year old girl who is always told how patient she <caps> is one of many stories about patience being very patient .
even if we do this there could always still be away .
many people think the book should be censored .
the next few months were going by faster than ever .
you can see how their doing or what their doing and still have a good time .
all the machines that we have to use and had to run by hand now run by computers .
a <organization> i saw <caps> to be true was when i met a girl named <person> .
computers have a positive effect on people .
my parents remember they thought we had left the park and drove off to somewhere .
is when i was a little kid .
he loves his parents and loves that house that they turned into a home .
another obstacle builders had to confront was mother nature .
but let me tell you about a time where laughter really stood out and was and still is a big part of my relationship with my dad .
having laughter-filled relationships is an important element to someones well being .
the cyclists attitude changed depending upon whether the setting was very beneficial to him or not .
the speed limit was <num> .
you would be removing sources of entertainment and ways of learning from people .
another obstacle was the law .
the <caps> of the empire state building faced many obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there .
they need to make a living on the street .
the computers make researching easier just imagine not having to drag home those gigantic books home or having to constantly find information in them .
you have to know how to have a good attitude even when you are in a very bad mood .
the whistle blew to start the <date> .
computers make this so much easier by letting you connect with them without having to wait for the mail by writing letters .
it felt like thousands of people were in the hallway looking at me .
i went to sleep but when i wake up we was at burger king .
every day i must be patient in difficult things .
i was a very lucky <caps> <caps> to grow up having them in my life .
teachers immediately you have to talk to a supervisor about <caps> .
if people take out stuff that kids and teens like .
she told the worker to get back to work .
all you have to do for that is go on the compute and look it up .
dear <person> news paper editor .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly .
<caps> <caps> <caps> the <caps> <caps> in the <caps> of <caps> <caps>
and i asked <caps> mom <caps> i was going to get one for <caps> birthday .
my older sister adored <person> after a lively conversation about football ensued .
she found she was still too shaky to say the words at home .
when you learn how to take life as it comes people tend to notice it is indeed a very hard step to achieve .
they tried to shove religion down my throat .
that was long after my <caps> left and went back to the adults .
computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society .
and that day was when report cards came out .
perhaps the most important reason for censorship in libraries is the early exposure the materials give to the children .
that is when i was patient .
music should not be as much of an issue as books .
the dad was only worried about is if he got the bread and the guy was upset that his dad was worried about bread instead of him .
the only place you can find a giraffe is if you go on the computer and search a giraffe .
we also needed a new car and clothes .
<person> ended up staying the night because we never wanted the <date> to leave .
that <caps> just how people are and were .
every morning she waits on me to finish getting ready .
this could cause the dirigibles to circle the mast when even tied down .
when i did get on the computer i only had an hour to look up everything .
benefits of laughter laughter has always been a big part of my life .
from this you can tell that the author ends the story with this statement .
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf .
the author also said i will never forget how my parents turn this simple house into a home .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when trying to make it safe for dirigibles to dock there .
all these reasons will lead to the <num> below .
that means the temperature is going to rise since the sun is getting stronger .
in libraries there are certain materials on the shelves that <month> be offensive to some people .
the mood in this memoir is heartwarming .
laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
the only thing that he found tasted live battery and so that no good for him .
it still took a while but it was getting better .
this is because the information all to unknown people .
which he can be very annoying .
he also talks about home .
computers are and best way to do a project .
you could just move the mouse to a spot on the screen and no what to do .
someone will pick you up soon .
we need to get these censorships in libraries and get back to the good old days before things get more out of hand than they already are
maybe there might also be some pretty terrible things said in the book
these are what you can use to talk to your friends at school .
movies can bring things to life .
sometimes its not always up to them .
these people choose to stay indoors and just do nothing except watch <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building faced <caps> obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock .
i will help any kid as much as i can with there dreams .
<num> minutes later a truck came around the traffic jam and started fixing the road .
thats how i learn if you use your patience on will to be able to do some safe .
many people in stories or in real life are affected by the setting they are in .
one of the attempts proved that it would be tricky to land .
some exercise because that is the only cure they will get if their not on their computer .
the greatest obstacle of all was nature .
once that child becomes and adult they have all the rights to decide what they want to get from a library .
a computer is to talk to someone without physically being there .
by the time we were done playing out side we were so muddy and our bikes were filled with dirt .
although i was nervous my stage fright gracefully vanished .
to this day i have no social life and no job because i spent more time socializing with the computer than people .
they should not be where the kids go and read books or nothing like that .
i looked around and noticed my sister in law was holding a video camera .
thank you for your time
there are some that would agree with my opinion and some that would not .
do they have a good effect or bad effect .
the freedom of press means that we can write whatever we want .
i gave the most heart-felt apology i could think of at the moment .
so finally they called me in and they took my mom to a room to wait while they took my height and weight .
everyone has a place were that feel like they belong .
there are many reasons why i believe that computers benefit our society .
imagine your at work or school and you were asked to write a five page essay .
but if you are patient enough and quite you are rewarded with whatever you are hunting .
just how endless celebrations brought life in there warm home .
this caused another <money> to be spent trying to fix this problem .
<person> caught up to me and tried to pull me back to the house but i resisted with all my might .
even a scientist can not know everything .
the last obstacle faced was the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
we can laugh at each other sometimes and we try to keep each of happy by making them laugh and feel good .
thats the main obstacle that the builders had to overcome with letting dirigibles dock on the mooring mast of the empire state building .
<caps> was an armadillo without a shell .
there are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful .
if people know what type of material it is and still choose to view it then they get what they ask for .
book censorship censorship in libraries are a major problem in the <location> .
they also had to deal with the electrical problems within and without the building .
the author concluded the story with a confident ending that makes the reader feel satisfied .
they could gain offensive language or talk about it at school and that material could spread .
people like using the computer because it is very useful when you need it most .
thank you for accepting my <caps> .
i my i can shut it .
also they can spend more time doing things with their kids .
this quote shows that <person> is thankful for a nice place to call his home .
in <caps> opinion i think computers have negative effects on people .
it had to me my best memory of laughter .
<percent> <money> the worlds <caps> are obese today .
another obstacle was nature .
he also describes how good his neighborhood was and how they were a close knit community .
i really wanted to leave and come back another day but my mom said we had to wait .
they want to look perfect .
nature is a wonderful teacher about the circle of life and the natural way of the world .
it would always start with one of us trying to stick something in each others mouths .
then she told me i was getting <num> shots .
when people think of football they think of the quarter back .
i wont focus on that i m going to focus on this topic .
this would leave the dirigibles swiveling any air above pedestrians which was neither practical or safe .
debates are a main part of our society today .
the remaining girls looked at each other .
<caps> i hope you read this with my regards .
i was around <num> then so that would put us on the ride around <num> .
that game improves your counting of numbers .
i believe that with out laughter my family would not be as close as we are .
he instantly made hash browns out of them and we had a good laugh .
the author created many feelings in the memoir .
take my friend <person> for example .
the actors and crew were doing such an amazing job with the play but i knew i had my work cut out for me .
now anyone who thinks people spend too much time on their computer and that computers are bad for society is just wrong .
you cant just expect a dog to know tricks <caps> is working progress .
the first mood that is shown is a loving mood .
i understand there concern but there can be a way to stop them from getting to the inappropriate material .
also that they wanted it to be like home in which they miss .
the fate of the mast such as in <caps> <num> says was neither practical nor safe .
there is another <caps> perk with computers and that is keeping in touch with family or friends that live far away .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
but with email they would get it the second you send it .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed .
leave the choice to the reader .
we should choose how long were using one computers .
she used to foot awkward and out of places .
it gets people thinking as to what other books are also offensive .
i strongly think this because this could cause serious damage to the eyes .
if the one book they need is taken off a shelf because it offended someone they could fail a class .
this was necessary because the added pressure of the dirigibles load and wind needed to be transmitted all the way down to the foundation .
we talked and ate for a while but eventually it was time for me to go .
there are also many news stories that many people consider offensive .
at this point in the story the cyclist has exchanged his positive mood for a desperate one as his water begins to run out .
this are shown through the following quotes my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking .
s use a computer every day .
things <month> come across as hard of rough .
my cousin <person> said .
when i go to my bus located on the front of the school .
i want to explain to you how i feel about computers personally .
this means that <person> and thousands of others rely on computers for communication with friends and family .
all libraries are broken down in sections .
it is really hot which would cause him to drink a lot more water .
my third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time .
my second point is that people have the choice to read or watch the movie .
people will soon stop believing that non sense and eventually stop purchasing these newspapers .
i played first with a lady who used <caps> be a nurse .
a time when i was patient was at <caps> the largest indoor water park i was waiting to go on the turbo twin racers .
there is the ongoing discussion on whether these should be available to everyone .
you just cant do it .
but its going to keep going on until someone speaks up .
twins for a <caps> laughter is a large part of who i am .
most kids would not be able to reach as high as a adult .
i have always felt this weird feeling in my head after i laughed .
every one in my family was in high spirits <caps> was ready to enjoy the <date> <caps> family .
the process was a troubling challenge overall .
when i was about <num> years old i loved to play on the computer i thought that this was just a game .
this shows that he was energized and happy .
we would be nowhere .
that day i realized being patient is a good quality to <caps> .
that is the time i was to be patient .
i am not a very patient person .
another way that i have to be patient is waiting for the <caps> tests to get over .
one out of every <num> teens spends more time telling people on the computer then face to face .
we need to show them that we know what they doing .
typing s faster than hand writing and its neater .
computer have a very positive effect on us .
i was happy the next day .
these are some examples of the mood that was created .
the author discussed the positives in his life .
your in luck a computer teaches you .
and patient is that you are understanding and tolerant .
this shows me that he enjoyed the parties and being a kid .
i do not believe so .
without any knowledge of the language and culture .
the knowledge of offensive things should not be taken away from people by the libraries .
it just sounds so happy and loving to me .
your sight is very important to living .
camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends .
it can be very hard for somebody to be patient .
censorship can be a very good thing .
maybe because of some important information they might need for an assignment from a teacher .
that they had at the airport .
he learned the true meaning of family .
while waiting for the show to start we play a game of laser tag which ends up being a big game of around fifty people or so .
computers also allow you to take out anger on ones and zeros .
the architects for the empire state building should have thought it through .
after three hours it seemed that we were both getting hungry and i had a couple snacks in my pockets .
they seemed to go the quickest because i enjoyed them so much .
censorship is a great problem .
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist in many ways .
my patience was not very good .
whenever math started i would get out my homework and wait to check it .
you always <caps> it now not later .
she mentions that her parents raised her well and they made it seem like they were a extremely great family .
it also showed the importance of your loved ones and how you need them in your life .
every time <person> would tell me to jump back to shoot the snake in the head .
the computers in our school has helped our classes in social studies .
even know i did not want to do it was unfair
if you were head of the library what would you do .
there are many reasons why offensive material should not be banned .
the first being a law prohibiting low-altitude flights of airships over urban centers .
if we remove a certain item from the library then we would loose a certain amount of people .
so the bond with them just got stronger and stronger .
the creek was fantastic .
helps the environment .
about <percent> of my class has computers .
you can use computers for exercise then it is also up to the <caps> on limits .
another reason to keep all books in the library is to be informed of history .
i a reed with them but i tried to be patient .
while we were waiting <person> was searching for the restroom .
the computer saves money for a lot of us .
the cyclist only has a limited supply of what he needs and riding through there does not help him .
but some things are not suitable for young kids and young adults .
i got really mad when i read it so i threw it down the took it to the library and complained to them .
<caps> with her head still stuck in the door asked what that notice was on the seat .
if you want to know more send on .
another main obstacle as stated in paragraph <num> was nature the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
the <caps> is unsafe and pointless .
after she took the test she was very nervous .
love must have been a main factor in the authors life because it is evident in the excerpt .
every year i have to wait for <num> days for my birthday to come .
being outside can be lots of fun too .
it is just a way to make learning fun for young kids .
my own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away .
you can learn a lot of new things about other countries .
the authors parents bought a house that was big enough for his family and his mood was grateful due to his parents .
no good would come of removing anything from the shelves of libraries .
libraries have continued to keep children areas clean of explicit materials and are careful so that magazines such as <caps> do not reach their shelves .
they can learn and even interact with .
<caps> next time we should go during the week .
my name is <organization> .
the author chose this paragraph to conclude the selection to highlight the theme and symbolize a new start
one time when i was patient and had to wait for it when it was time it felt good .
everything in the world is in one computer .
these examples show the change of setting on the cyclists trip and how it affected her .
even the covers of some <caps> should be removed for the good of the public .
like his surrogate grandparents .
it all depends on the maturity that people have when they enter a library .
so this are my reasons to support my opinion .
some people in this world just cant get enough of it and it need to dead soon .
finally the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
that is why i believe she wanted to conclude her story this way .
the wait for that was <num> minutes .
there is a water ride where you get in a log then you sit and it takes you up a hill .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist on different occasions in different ways .
the trip to the top went smoothly and no one fell or got hurt .
school had just gotten out .
it would not have something little children would want .
offensive material to people is like a good book you can read <caps> and learn more about .
also many games help sharpen your reflexes and your quick thinking skills .
<caps> our laundry was done we said that we could pick out a new outfit because all of r close would be clean .
the greatest obstacle was <caps> nature .
people say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends .
people are different and we have a right to our own opinions .
when <person> gets out of the shower i hide the answer sheet .
some books <month> have material that might not belong in the hands of children .
this is a reason why he is very limited on water supply .
the mooring mast of the building was destined to never fulfill its purpose .
imagine you doing a report on life in <location> .
i think that the main mood created by the author in the memoir was love .
they seated us and our host was a very nice young woman .
<caps> i pondered the thought we headed out to the rental vehicles and loaded everything up and started the day .
the computer has also the way of communication .
nothing felt the way that it once felt .
dirigibles outside of the <location> used hydrogen rather than helium to fill their dirigibles .
i felt so bad after that but we are friends and friends so post to be there no matter what .
my family and i decided that for our <date> break we would drive to the great land of <location> .
but they must come to understand that those same books help people tremendously .
<num> <caps> ago a kid named <caps> was having a problem .
these books and magazines and movies only help us become stronger people .
some families even eat dinner at the computer .
they urged <person> to ask him out and get to know him .
there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas
the author would probably want to relive those times as i want to relive times of my childhood .
people have many different views when it comes to these things .
i listened to my mind .
these are the few moods created by the author in the memoir .
she walked down the stairs and every one stared .
as he was growing up in his environment instilled in him a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
but then he pinned my down with his leg across mine .
there are a lot of people out there who like to read .
i swore i was falling in love .
its a easy and fun way to stay in touch with friends and even you family .
i do not think that is right .
but the technology of the day give us the ability to listen to music the golden age of music now .
<caps> crumpled up the piece of paper and threw it at me .
he should of turned back as soon as he ran out of water .
so my conclusion is that everyone is different they like different things and dislike different things .
it was <num> am and my dads favorite music was on <caps> we stayed and watched the whole movie .
the builders of the empire state building were challenged with many obstacles while they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there .
there is not much that can be helped with that .
just because the fact of some people might not like the things that would be in a library or things that they have in the library .
books even if they are offensive can show someones thoughts and ideas that could have changed the world .
this is because the author tells what his parents gave up just for him to have a good life .
if music and movies were at libraries their would be no need for books and people would stop buying books .
computers also help teachers .
in the real world it is all natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer .
when we got home i just lade on the couch for a while .
you can make your writing cursive or any other that you would like .
computers have allowed us to communicate with our family that live somewhere we cant afford to travel to .
i believe things in the nature should be handled in great authority .
research is the key to answering questions .
thats one of my reasons .
winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
<caps> hugged me as <caps> had when i was four and broke my leg .
the <caps> <caps> trip i just woke up when i herd a laughing sorta noise from down stairs .
objects containing so called offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and they have for a while .
a third obstacle was the decreasing use of dirigibles .
students were really enjoying themselves and more people volunteered to preform until it was difficult to choose actors .
so the <date> we go out at three in the morning to get my <organization> and we were at best buy .
if something were to happen and the dirigible was to catch fire .
we have had fights before but none like this .
it can be useful to you when you have a report coming up .
the electricity that runs computers of this radiation .
then it disrupts that persons study .
computers can make some people feel like life is being taken away form them .
he managed to get free and ran as fast as he could .
i shot right up and subbed in .
common sense would tell us that this section might contain offensive material .
we had a minute on the clock so we walked to the other side .
or even tack a nap <caps> are examples of staying patient .
my brother is in <location> and every day i get on the computer when i get home and video chat with him .
i just hoped i would .
the momma bird got upset .
and can only create a better person .
magazines is a big one .
we have never been on the longest road trip till then .
the breeze felt good against my face .
people become more lazier because of the many things you could do with it .
there was always a strong sense of family and the house too .
computers are a wonderful tool when it comes to communication .
it was a <date> <time> <person> we had just gotten off of the bus .
in this environment everything looks the same for miles .
shes saying by next spring shell take her test .
the first reason why is that the person might not come back to that place .
movies are very good teaching tools and magazines follow that same path .
nature also posed a problem .
laughter could possibly show you something you like in that person your not too fond of .
after that one day <person> promised that he would never go with <person> and i again .
my family and i began to talk about all the good memories we spent with her when she was with us .
finally i went into take a shower .
the flames had gotten so close to my face that i could feel my eyelashes burning on the tips .
censorship in libraries should not be mandated .
each person has had topics that offend them but the libraries can not make all happy .
or maybe its just in our common nature for us to be offended when something we like gets made fun of .
but one thing we do know is we can change what we do in the present and better what were going to do in the future .
it was so unexpected and i felt like a child .
all of these obstacles proved to be too much for the workers to handle as the mooring mast on top of the empire state building was never created .
just like everyone else we have hard time and we have good times .
the cost to improve the buildings framework was also an obstacle .
also for music all you have to do is look at the songs on the back or they have them with or without anything bad on it .
there are better entertainment active and will keep us healthy and exercising .
i always get a little embarrassed when my laugh gets louder than usual .
laughter is bonding .
in the excerpt there were a few obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i have always turned to my friends when i felt down .
i had yet to complain .
this story is about how <person> parents created a home .
can find new people and have so many things in common .
also the cyclist had no water as none of the fountains were cold water .
books are suppose to be about learning .
<caps> you wanted to go to a close but fancy restaurant you <month> use a computer so you know how far .
there was a law saying that airships could not fly too low over urban areas .
i was proud of myself for sticking in there and being strong for <caps> friend .
some people have problems sitting still or waiting for something .
there were many obstacles that builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
patience is a special skill for some people and some its very hard .
i was very patient waiting for our letter to be granted or denied .
children are <percent> more likely to read a book that they are interested in .
so he started off and the two miles later the terrain changed and so did his outlook on this entire journey .
i hope many of you agree with my statement and help spread the word that computers could be positive on the mind .
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us .
<person> came in and said yes her laugh is really something .
<person> is always here for me even after the mistake i made that ended tearing us apart .
patience is an important part of life and i learned that <date> during hunting season .
the builders of the empire state building faced a couple of obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the author tells us that the road turned into hills and bumps .
and the mooring mast does the trick .
so the computer help with hand- eye coordination by using the mouse and keyboard .
all of us knew how to throw and catch a football but not my little brother .
it was the second <time> of our stay in <location> around <num> o clock .
it also is happy because of all the great times he had there .
it also causes individuals to feel bad about themselves .
the boy had just fallen to sleep .
computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things .
thats another reason to why computers affect people in a bad way .
we were one big throbbing pile of laughter .
i <caps> that if people want to use computer they can .
i listened to music until lunch came a hour later .
the hibiscus will bud when the seasons change .
but it is not the best idea to use censorship in libraries .
and you honk your horn .
second the material can speak of the race as if was bad .
we walked along the paths and eventually climbed up a an outlined path to get a get closer view of the <organization> and we were enthralled .
its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air .
this gives off the mood of hunger for great food .
most books even if they say one to two choice words it turns into an adult book .
although he said everything was good i knew his sadness was due to my absence .
after along <num> to <num> more hows of playing .
<person> introduced me to the class stating my name and grade .
this is why the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
taking offensive books from the shelves of libraries is like taking away the right of speech .
some of you might think computers have misleading information .
knowing that i have someone to go to and just talk about the past and be able to have someone to laugh with about it .
dirigibles filled with hydrogen could cause a disaster if it ever caught on fire .
nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences .
she is taking it to prove to herself no one else .
l opened my envelope .
the definition of library is a place where people can read and check out books from library and return them when they please .
fly cut at our seats .
here is a story about being patient .
for the first time in a very long time i had a grandfather i stood in shock for a while and so did he .
but thats not all i would want my adventure to consist of .
from <organization> we went to <caps> <caps> to get some delicious food .
but and accident over a densely populated area would be horrific and not practical .
all of those books were written by an author with a clear point to make .
not even waste minutes on you phone .
the first obstacle that the builders encountered were the modifications that were needed to be done to the buildings framework .
people should take a second look at how all of these things can really affect a persons life .
every one in the universe finds certain things offensive .
most people of today are too afraid of what other people think .
her gaze drifted down to the palms of my hands .
we went on <location> city <caps> first the lines was only ten minutes .
stick around if you want the anecdote for the computer virus so people can be cured .
we will not learn the new ideas that authors put out there for us if people just keep getting offended and taking them off the shelves .
computers help us do that .
these weights were used for open landing fields .
she was flying to <location> to her dads house .
just think <organization> a sales person for instance .
i believe they will be in all of our homes .
i would say he puts a kind of grateful mood in the excerpt .
another reason is going to the library <month> cause you send more money to fill up your gas tanks .
you can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school .
there could be many different meanings of this paragraph that could have importance to the story .
this is because when spring comes a end the lady is going to practice driving so when she takes the test she want fail .
it can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts .
in the first sentence of paragraph <num> it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
one of my best experiences with laughter was going camping with my friends last <date> .
laughter is used in a personal level to become closer to that person .
i have found some things on this earth that explain my whole purpose on earth .
<person> and i talk almost everyday and never get tired of laughing .
when you play those games you keep your hand on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes on the screen .
i think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things .
being able to go to college at home can really come in handy in some people .
all sorts of excitement was going through my body .
one reason is that the heat of the setting caused the author become dehydrated .
but i would also like to comment something about the computer .
without bursting into tears .
as time goes on people are taking religion more and more serious .
people who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there .
they should just get rid of the book or magazine .
last <date> i went to <caps> <caps> .
being happy brings joy to other people that are surrounding you witch usually leads to laughter .
i think that censorship in libraries and book stores is a good thing .
so he apologized and also got the job .
coming up on <caps> right came the book store and <caps> jitters became more uncontrollable .
another issue is that anchoring the blimps would be illegal .
it <month> be offensive to you but to another person it <month> not be .
the author of the story concludes the text with that paragraph to end on a good note and show hope for the future .
the cyclist takes the old-timers shortcut and it takes forever to reach his destination .
there are people who enjoy reading about fiction or tacky things in life .
most dirigibles landed in open fields where their back end could be weighted down .
nothing to do but sit down .
the author concludes the story with optimism and hope for the future .
in my opinion the computer was on of the best inventions made .
it makes you think of your own family .
when <caps> set the clock down the clock showed fifty to fifty five .
the words that my family considers offensive <month> be different then what other families consider offensive .
people do need to learn about offensive material thats why we still have the books .
the mood the author created was a peaceful mood .
this shows the generosity of his parents and the author is trying to create a loving mood .
so we all started laughing and then i got a chain out of the back of my truck and pulled him back over .
the second reason is that not all people agree on censorship .
that same day i came across a younger kid approaching his father with a book about sex and one about killing .
thank you for reading my opinion .
so in conclusion you can see that computers are good but with self control they can be enjoyed with no bad side effects .
in the mooring mast by <organization> many problems with the mast of the empire state building are explained .
one experience i can think of that is a good example of this is when i was <num> years old .
when i want to relax music helps me to center myself and open my mind .
computers can do more harm than good .
other than that its none of your concern .
<caps> told me in a calm voice .
we planned on only staying one night but ended up staying three .
this time was different though .
it is only natural to disagree with someone .
you do not need to get rid of them because somebody else <month> want to check them out
if you do not laugh in your relationship then i believe that the couple are not so happy .
in todays world it is hard to please every living soul .
i have also experienced censorship in <caps> local library .
one other reason was it is illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area
the mood he has while writing the memoir is grateful .
have you ever turned on the t .
what if your kid wants to read a horror book and you choose not to let those kinds of books on the shelf any more .
another important reason why the builders faced obstacles was the already existing law that prohibited low-flying aircraft over cities .
there have been those action packed movies where there is all the fighting and the blood and the punching .
some of these books could be arguably offensive to some people .
the things you can do like play games .
every day we would go out with the boys and not have a care in the world as we chased each other around .
the author is proving that shell go back and shell be ready .
the lunch room was always how you knew who was who .
i knew to beat out record we would have to walk two miles in less than twenty minutes .
i knew as soon as i saw that smile on his face and heard laughter that things between us would be alright after all .
she looked at the seat and said we have to tell her grandma about it .
it was a wide warm grin he would shine your way every so often .
<percent> of students get out of school and go straight to the computer .
it allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves .
<caps> rolled up off the couch and stood by <person> and the truck .
the first half of the game was great and we were on top .
laughter helped make a bad situation like my friends mom dying into a slightly more comfortable situation .
also it can be a representation of her life itself .
one important issue was the mooring mast .
artists are ones to take risks and so are writers .
to <caps> being patient means to not while if you ordered something and its taking long to come to you .
i came out of the suitcase- i felt so dizzy- after my brother dropped the suitcase on the cement floor .
we just looked at one another and just started laughing .
then she glanced at me .
<caps> loved them and they were happy spending time with each other .
did you know that you can literally but from on your computer .
<person> is patient boy so he just lets it go .
another main obstacle is the safety reason .
these are the people who progress to make the best medicine cars and computers .
in the meantime i ate lunch with my sister <person> .
for years now people have wanted books that are read in school to be censored for bad language .
the conditions along this trip are not good for a cyclist and can be very dangerous .
the mood was a good feeling .
this cyclist was hilling himself .
well let me tell you a time i have .
this should not be decided by one person or even one group that believes they know <caps> is socially acceptable or politically correct .
shortly after <person> had to leave .
that is why the mooring mast was dangerous .
there are many reasons that book could be in the library .
kids are always going to look up to other people so what they see you do they will try to do it .
the library could put those certain books in <caps> own part of the library .
patience a helpful trait to get you through life .
for example he feels dehydrated and tired because he is riding through the desert and has a lack of water .
its much faster and much easier than paying manually .
he said i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
with computers everything is easier .
another story that fits quite well into this topic is <caps> <num> .
an obstacle the builders of the empire state building <caps> was weight .
books that are found inappropriate to children or even teenagers should be reconsidered to be removed off shelves that are exposed to children or teenagers .
but not from the highest peak .
computers are good because people can find what they need and their fun ask things find places get things for a good price .
he also considers his community family and that really makes you feel at peace inside .
your dad and i have been thinking and it is a big responsibility so <caps> next <date> .
<caps> i am usual stressed out the one thing i love is to hangout with my friends .
computer are a great resource in our everyday lives so why not use what we were given .
they had to figure out how they were going to land the big aircraft on the small framed building .
thats how things work .
we just have to learn to use it with respect .
when we got to the dance i walked on the right side of <date> to avoid confrontation .
this game is right now the most played game on the <caps> in this <caps> .
but a good laugh or a simple joke can ease things and make them a lot better in life .
not believing in yourself is the hardest thing to overcome .
this taught me one thing .
patients is about many things .
this will let you see the persons face are talking to .
i also think that all books have a purpose to them .
this number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer .
the first obstacle the builder faced in building the empire state building was what if something happened to the dirigibles .
<caps> example is if you forgot to write down your homework in your agenda or something then you can go on the school website and see what your homework is .
the purpose of a library is to provide the people who go to the library a resource .
we have a good time and really enjoy ourselves .
people losing time to have fun .
we sat next to each other <caps> i sang with her ours voices in harmony .
which made it very difficult to make this project workable .
the expert persuasive kid i was back then convinced her to let me go outside .
if they cant get any suggestions on what they should get they should just what they think is interesting ignore the offensive parts
libraries should have major restrictions on what gets checked out by who .
the author could not accept her new country as home yet .
he told me the party was on <date> .
computers are one of the best technology invention yet to come that benefits society .
it was kind of noisy too .
everybody needs to see whats going on in the world .
it was worth waiting <num> and a half hours <organization> it and we even went on it twice .
computers have become a part <organization> our everyday life .
the strength of the wind were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
advances in technology are amazing .
so use the time on the computer better .
i went to <organization> .
i replied with a simple <caps> .
cats are cute but not all of them have the power to look into your soul like my cat .
some reasons why i think this are school work and business stuff .
these were just a few of the obstacles the builders had to face .
jack from <location> said <caps> of video chat i was able to talk to and see my cousin from <location> who i almost never see .
when the day finally came i was really excited .
we were all ready done with the day before it had even started .
behind some movies or books there is are violence and bad scenes .
life is to short to worry and feel offended .
one mood the author conveys very deeply is that of his love of his family .
<percent> of the people in the <location> say that a computer has many people think that from a computer .
at noon i woke up and ran to the living room .
it would be keeping the next generations to come from learning everything they possibly could or wanted to .
the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time .
with any luck id hit a bump and ledge one in my throat .
if there is something els to do besides play the computer do it .
<caps> had skin so white and unblemished a porcelain doll would be jealous .
you can feel her hope .
education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now .
hello my name is <person> <caps> and i am going to enforce you that computers can benefit our society .
social networking is placed at the top of the list .
an obstacle that stopped the use of the mooring mast was the wind .
the next obstacle is that a law existed against airships flying too low over urban areas .
not only this you family .
this helped me get over my fathers absence .
<caps> did we scream our lungs out .
i found it very interesting and educational .
you can send an email to someone and wait for a reply .
these a quote that says communication is key .
the final and forth obstacle builders faced was a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise .
i decided to go back to sleep and did for only about thirty minutes when i woke up again .
with a computer it is easier to find those people and start talking to them .
his destination on a dry day .
the setting of do not exceed posted speed limit places the cyclist in a life threatening situation .
if someone took the time to make it then we all deserve the right to view it .
i went and hoked <caps> that while my dad read a book .
the conclusion of the story leaves readers to wonder if she will try harder and pass the test for the second time .
the second reason is you can learn about far away places and people .
<person> cleaned up the best she could but there was almost no use .
there is happiness because he was just born .
i will always remember that ride through the mountains .
the essay in all shows how hand it is in hot weather with lack of supplies and no sense of direction .
this sentence and last few paragraphs change the mood a great deal .
the final and greatest obstacle they faced to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
i agree with the latter statement .
in the long run of things the more people try to stop things from not being in this world the more people are going to try to get them .
then there is the type of animal .
sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs .
so sometimes you have to wait <num> minutes until they can finally help you .
the reason for that is because everyone finds certain thing offensive .
the desert setting also affects the cyclist mind .
every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or <money> .
then my mom said be patient and it will be over soon .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
<person> also discusses a strumpet in <caps> .
<caps> carried her things to the door .
i was laughing <caps> hard but i was also upset cause my pool is already broken .
its just that its not the fastest method .
computers can help us with learning such as learning about or the population .
i actually liked making a new friend this way .
another reason the author chose to end the story with this paragraph is that it tells the reader that you always get another chance no matter what you do .
the author thanks his parents several times .
patience is a great thing because you must likely want get things done .
although the architects faced many problems this was the biggest .
so that would mean where would be no books form people to look at .
it is almost like a medicine .
recently over the <date> of <date> i was fortunate enough to meet my uncle whom i have never consciously met .
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood throughout the essay .
there from the small we are able that computers are for from addicting .
during all of this i was just about five feet form the counter these guys was at .
that was just enough to get <location> home .
there is nothing we can do about the expanding cultures in our country .
the empire states was not very safe .
all we have to do is instead of sitting for hours staring at a screen .
we were like two pees in a pod .
music is a great way to clear your mind and relax .
but sometime soon i know my patient will be like everyone else when i get older .
i believe computers are a good thing for several reasons .
you can just look up who has gotten more home runs and there you go .
people that argue that computers are unhealthy speak of those who use computers too much .
take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books .
this memoir did however express a lot of feelings though .
laughter is something that needs to be exposed in relationships often .
as an <num> using <person> as well in school .
being stupid a chased after it on my belly to get it .
the paragraph is symbolic of turning over a new leaf and starting over .
there are many things a person can do on a computer .
laughing is one of the most important things you should have in a relationship with someone because you need to keep having fun and laughing about funny things .
if i child gets a hold of a book that is said to be bad it is the parents job to tell them to put it back .
<person> asked and was surprised <caps> i said for padding .
so he is heading towards the nearest town when the terrain starts changing .
computers almost anything possible .
we need these books for future generations so that we are able to teach and guide them .
we should make it a lot harder for kids to try to get movies like this .
but most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done .
while we were shopping there were all kinds of people in the store .
they are <caps> so they can also help other refugees .
i know <caps> worried .
i disagree what people say about computers .
as a teenager each book i look at its always about sex or gang violence .
there should just be a limitation on who can view it .
so no matter what we should should never try and take offensive or any kind of book off the shelves of libraries .
laughter is the best way to relax and here is three reason for that .
another example of how the author creates a mood is by showing admiration for his parents .
this quote shows <caps> family took care of everyone even thought they did not have much themselves .
i felt that helped me develop my patients a little bit more .
if kids go outside and play with their friends they will have more fun .
its always hard to know what to do when a friend or family member comes to you when they are sad or mad .
you could be in a depression stage and either a friend or a family member could walk up to you and pacify you and make you laugh .
on the other hand the computer does have cons .
<caps> she came up to us and asked me to bye her some <caps> fries .
the mood created in the memoir is happiness and gratitude .
the blistering sun had been beating on his back for many miles .
many more things that offend people are always going to be there .
in this excerpt the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
people these days are becoming more of followers than leaders like they should be .
i hope now you believe computers do really benefit us .
as soon as we let go it was like being om the back of a two thousand pound animal in a rodeo the only lasts a second .
i think its reasonable the authors should be grateful for his parents courage .
after all the spell checks and grammar checks we printed our story and turned it in .
as can see a lot of things take patience .
the last reason is because of a law .
keeping books on shelves is what all libraries and schools intend to do .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in more ways than one .
breathe by breath running i could finally speak causing me to blurt how i could hardly fathom the reality of his request .
there is this field with extremely tall grass and we were walking right next to it .
my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival to this country .
there are many things out in the material world that people take offense to .
it is also relating the drivers test to the hibiscus plant .
finally it was time to arrive in <location> .
the computer mostly uses e-mail .
so we kept telling her that we were going to get her a stripper for her <date> .
you can do all of that stuff if you just get off the computer .
even tethering the dirigible to the mooring mast would cause the back of the ship to swivel dangerously around the mooring mast .
these are the problems the builders faced .
when we got back to her house we went in her room and started talking .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
because of pointy buildings this was extremely dangerous .
the heat because it drains your energy quick .
at the end of the excerpt he said i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
some people take offense to them .
so we managed to talk my uncle bobby into being a stripper and climbing out of a box and so he did and it ended up scaring my grandma .
but it reminds me of the good old days with <organization> .
be taken off the shelf .
the social networks that modern technology promotes harvest cases like <person> .
also children are protect from books if they have learned morals that allow them to make mature choices
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i believe that this incredible ability of hers was one of the reasons that the summers i spend with her are some of <date> happiest memories .
let alone <month> not even be there to begin with .
the stories are obviously important to the author and important to the readers that enjoy their books .
every little thing <caps> did differently than the average dog made us laugh .
by the terrain changing it become harder for him .
there was also a law against low flying aircraft over urban areas .
the next morning we woke up and by this time we were both fed up and have had more then enough .
that to make a hopeful home .
so we arrived at <organization> .
people really do need a person like my <caps> in their lives .
and i hope you like what i wrote .
and for which i am eternally grateful .
there are many people in the world that use computers every day and some that use it sometimes .
leaders of a library have many different sections in their library .
laughter is so much more then people give <caps> credit for .
we were always over at my cousins house after that .
the builders had to design a whole other part for the dirigible .
i remember a time when someone i know was patient with me .
then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
when i was in the sixth grade my teacher asked me to read and write a summary on a <caps> <caps> <caps> .
you say you are going to play for <num> minutes but they are so addicting you play for <num> hours .
another obstacle that they faced is that dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying to low over suburban areas .
you can talk to people without the expensive phone bill .
not including the hour and a half drive there .
thank you and have a good day .
also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for .
this is because the previous frame could not hold the extra weight of a <num> dirigible hanging from 1 cable .
throughout this memoir the mood was very realistic .
so this is a lot better than driving and paying gas for visiting .
growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
these are some examples of how the <caps> describes the mood .
that really improves your coordination .
they had to face many obstacles along the way .
the parents or even kids are not spending lots of time with each other due to the computers .
with better than <num> months or not at all .
so then she tried re printing it .
so tell me again why should censorship not be in public libraries
i believe that no one should decide for us
everyone has their point of view .
our walk had put us on the top of a hill of little round pebbles .
students in high school <caps> to the <caps> after school with friends and get in to see rated <caps> movies <caps> parents .
the <caps> can helps in <month> ways also .
a <num> foot dirigible would add stress to the buildings frame .
another obstacle was that the dirigibles from outside of the u .
read on to find out how you can talk to friends on the computer .
also some books that are offensive shows students to not do the things they see in the book .
when she said i could eat i was happy .
my opinion is that not everyone will find the same things disturbing or offensive .
i had applied in <date> and was patiently waiting for a letter addressed to <caps> <person> from <organization> .
the determination pushes him to keep going further and further .
the hope he got from this gave him strength to move on .
so when i was him my patience was worth it .
i had to write about one of four topics .
another obstacle was a law that prevented airships from flying that low over urban areas .
this shows the culture lurking and dancing through his house of his childhood .
next my reason is if you stay on too long you miss out on life .
he learned everything he could ever think about from his parents and he loves them a lot .
so i i hop on the four where there was like no tomorrow .
he knows how to make people <caps> .
people get offended by things everyday .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles and attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i do not agree with the fact that computers are a good part of society .
our country has gotten smarter because of computers .
sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change .
another thing that has been a problem is magazines .
my favorite thing is that my parents use e-mail to talk with my grandparents about my birthday presents .
computers allow people from around the world to interact with friends and family .
the computer allows you to do <caps> things without actually encountering their happenings .
the last thing we need in our society is fighting .
the modifications were very expensive .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles to allow dirigibles to dock there .
a social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see .
this means that they can write anything that they want without having to worry about the governments or the citizens opinions .
you can become obese for <num> reasons .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
the better idea though is to just get rid of them .
what my family believes <month> not be what other families believe in .
i think that if it is offensive to different races then yes it should be taken off the shelfs .
i noticed some were young and some were older .
one big obstacle is that the dirigibles were a safety hazard .
you never know how any animal is going to react to your presence so you must be as cautionary as possible around non-domesticated animals .
the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building failed .
also paragraph <num> states the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
patience also has to work with listening or respect .
now i can wait now longer .
this can lead them into getting obese .
then he put his arms around me to try to help me aim better .
now <person> is older and all he does is sit on the computer until his parents have to force him off of the computer for dinner time .
the vast amount of movies made today should not even be a thought in someones mind but some are good and educational .
i remember the first time i tried to use the <caps> it difficult but as i tried more i got better .
we stayed in <location> for a week .
the mood created by the author in this memoir was nostalgic .
if the books and magazines all disappeared from the shelves about this subject then those people would not be able to learn more about those kinds of subjects .
that we need them to communicate to other people .
it was unsafe due to the highly flammable dirigibles putting the high populated region in danger .
and when all that patience comes to an end and you get ready to shoot and you got it then it really pays off .
so i was patient enough to wait for him to get a new bait tie it and come out .
finally a huge impact on this decision is knowing that everyone has an opinion on something .
my dad <person> is patient everyday .
<caps> first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things .
with all of the wind the dirigible would be tugging back and forth on the building .
censoring <month> hide that for a small amount of time but its not going to keep it away forever .
there is so much good stuff about it .
<person> <caps> the only on that this has happened to <num> out of <num> people in chat rooms say they have been lied to like this .
or even when you get nervous all people do is laugh it off .
between <date> and <date> more people have been using their computers more often .
i waited and waited it felt like it only moved on an inch .
but when he sees the abandoned <person> grape juice factory he becomes desperate and thinks he is going to die out in the desert .
this plan to have a mooring mast at the top of the empire state building definitely did not fulfill expectations .
a big problem with building a landing for the dirigibles on the empire state building was the strength of the base .
concluding that some people die each year of being over weight .
in the memoir <organization> the mood created <organization> the author in the memoir .
laughter really was the shortest distance between two people that day .
i think that computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you to not spend time with you family as to go outside and enjoy nature .
the point of this writing is to show that removing these books and novels from the libraries is not going to help anything .
i walked into my living room .
these books should be locked up so children cant get them .
the computer also teaches you how to do different stuff .
problems that faced it was that most dirigibles outside of the united states used hydrogen instead of helium .
that their parents swear up and down you cannot understand .
the true cause is what was said or done to cause the brain to send the message to the required muscles to physically make a person laugh .
when your on your computer you can not go on an hike in the woods .
it was two and a half hours before he got their .
communication with people around the world is a huge advantage .
this reminds me of a time when my brother went to an eye doctor and was told that his eyes had trouble focusing .
i believe computers have a positive effect on people .
these are my strong opinions on what we should do with todays society .
if i knew a book would be offensive to me i would never pick it up .
we were just hysterical about the whole situation and nobody ever left someone alone by themselves and always comforted them with laughter .
no responsible parent would be caught dead with a <num> year old on an adult website and computers make it harder such parents to do so .
just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could .
it is only offensive when we make it offensive .
go out and toss the ball along with the neighbors dog .
this is why communication having a positive affect on people is the most important reason .
<caps> is she here yet i said .
these words and actions we try to censor are not going away .
she cries on our birthdays because she says its just a year closer to her kids moving out .
those are some examples of the setting affecting the cyclist .
the computer can also be very dangerous in many ways .
i know <caps> cousin just had a baby and her dad lives in <location> <caps> .
i finally snapped to it and kept my cool .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for various reasons .
then he battled ninjas .
it was making him hot and thirsty which was making him low on water .
a book is like a short life .
especially if the alligator teaches your next class .
the great lack <organization> exercise is causing health problems .
and that is schoolwork .
also weather was a huge obstacle .
that is why she says she will pass the test when the hibiscus buds bloom .
its for your own good .
computers can be relied on by people .
i had no idea the movie was going to involve scenes like that and i was disgusted that there was no warning .
there sat the wicked with .
when i go to libraries they are books that i can enjoy reading or not like but that is just my opinion .
<caps> since jack was a lot older than <person> and <caps> was his brother <caps> had to watch him a lot .
the <caps> is that people should agree .
this is affecting the cyclist because hes becoming hot and has a low supply of water .
the next person after me .
everything things like that .
this idea of doing this was neither practical nor safe because all this things would be dang ling high above pedestrians on the street .
the greatest obstacle was said to be nature itself .
we sat there waiting for almost an hour and a half before anyone came down the road .
children see it outside of school and stay away from it then so they can stay away from it in school also .
get more copies of the book .
i think its just a part of being best friends with someone .
<caps> the bell had finally rang and it was time for lunch .
maybe if parents would watch there kids they would mind better than what they do .
hi my name is <caps> .
a text a and <caps> football scout said every year their are less less people who play sports because of video game or computers .
the obstacles of it was nature itself .
thats how i saw it and thats how he saw it too .
simply follow the rating rules .
take off the shelf .
one major problem was the stress added to the buildings frame when the dirigible wore it at the top of the building .
as soon as you read that you now something is wrong .
if there was little kids that want to read kid books then they should have a section for them .
your child finds a magazine .
there was a line about <num> people my dad and i were starting to get impatient so i told myself to calm down and wait .
in this memoir the mood created by the author is mostly happiness and celebration .
a fantastic example of the power of laughter would be the first time i met my mothers boyfriend .
<organization> uses these reasons to detail the unrealistic nature of the mooring mast .
but in the end he found some water and the story ended fine .
<caps> people do job reports on <caps> .
there were maybe over a hundred people in the store <person> .
censorship is a big part of a lot of things at the library .
so now i hope you agree with my opinion and support the use of computers .
the first reason being what maybe offensive to you <month> not be to someone else .
<person> talks about how he grew up in a neighborhood with many other immigrants .
computer <organization> broke the border giving you a higher level or you got mail .
the author said that it was early summer which means it could be hot and uncomfortable weather for the cyclist .
it would be a really fun family trip .
the wind also made it difficult for a dirigible to navigate to the mooring mast without being blown into other buildings in the area .
write to your local newspaper .
that family has made that their home forever .
which i really miss her .
the mood created by <person> in the memoir from home the blueprints of our lives is one of generosity and friendship .
not to mention all the jail space that would be needed for people smuggling inappropriate material to buyers .
you also have to be very quite .
another obstacle they faced was nature .
end the end i think that <person> and <organization> are going the be friends for a long time .
these books have been taken out of many libraries for their use of witchcraft .
that is a time when i was patient .
one person in my life helped me really understand that and be able to have that relationship with them .
that meaning was that you cannot punish the innocent because they have done nothing wrong .
five years ago i had to move from <location> to <location> .
there is a big difference between awareness and offensiveness .
we still got to talk and have a nice conversation .
those weights were used to keep the blimp from shifting directions due to the wind currents but it was a concern for the safety of the street pedestrians .
in my opinion <caps> can help so much and <caps> would be the right idea to go cheer <caps> out today .
another mood could be guilt .
as it says in paragraph <num> i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person .
the mood is a mixture of both happy and sad because of the way the author states his ideas .
many times i have seen people blatantly have a tantrum over an offensive literary work .
i think for some people it can be bad because it prevents them from interacting with the real world .
it almost the seventh inning and i was ready to go onto the field .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
the computer is also handy when you are going on vacation .
one obstacle was the original design of the empire state building .
the idea that these same winds would blow the dirigible into another buildings spire put fear into the minds of the people .
this whole journey was all mental .
he reacted to the features of this setting with humor and hope .
well those are my suggestions to you .
it was to determine whether or not they would go to the playoffs to compete for the <caps> .
that is why computers have a negative effect on our society .
for about a second anyway .
this kept me very entertained .
i woke up that morning and decided i was going to go swimming .
debates have come up on whether or not computers are benefiting or destroying society .
<person> says that in the last <num> years the average weight of a person has gone up <num> pounds due to them sitting in front of their computers and eating .
so i can see what too much computer time can do .
his timing was impeccable and it made my mood soar .
its not good for you to have constant stress .
i got every thing i wanted and i want a load touch with the <num> <caps> .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
the setting of the story affected the cyclist by changing his mood .
it is the hardest thing you will have to do in school .
usually those kinds are .
parents always say that it is a self-control issue but many adults have the same problem .
i have had some moments like this and i sometimes felt better after the person or persons have made me laugh .
obesity is a rising issue in <location> and kids need to exercise .
i think they should leave <caps> up there .
but then one day she was going to take a shower but then people kept on going and she got patient for a while and i got up there .
those are the <num> thing i think you need to have a good relationship with someone like i do with my cousin <caps> .
they had to place the machinery at the base of this tower .
the way that the author described his home and early years provided an image of a large happy family throughout the passage .
the next day i got nothing .
we go to school for a vast amount of reasons .
all i was thinking about was how much fun i was going to have at <caps> .
laughter is important in all relationships of any kind .
i hope you consider my reasons why computers are very important to society .
after she got home it was over with and again she accepts the change .
at the end of the day me and <person> were back to being best friends .
i ask for the tooth time .
i never knew that a computer could do a video chat from so far away i was surprised .
the heat in desert made the speaker thirsty causing him to drink all his water .
information can be found in any subject .
so i thought for a while her who is her .
these are <caps> <num> reasons .
computers also are very addicting .
you can also gain the ability to learn .
the staff and people there get so mad if kids are laughing or talking about something .
families speak with each other through <caps> .
i had to use patients when i was waiting for my friend to fix my x-box <num> .
then as he realizes that he might have enough water his attitude changes .
this shows a loving mood because it shows how much <caps> cared and loved his parents .
overall the project was just doomed to fail from the start .
library censorship is a way to keep this unsuitable material away from young and curious eyes .
if the people feel that they are that offensive then they should bring it up with the <caps> and find a solution instead of getting rid of these items .
another obstacle was the stress the building was having because the dirigible was tied to it .
slavery and <caps> <caps> <caps> were some of the <caps> lowest moments and they were also very gruesome .
a computer can also play music .
the author created a feeling of homeliness and peace .
<person> asked everyone to get in groups of two and i asked the girl if she wanted to be my partner .
and not all hyper and annoying .
it had slipped my mind that a stranger was going to sit in front of me .
so can you please listen to <caps> ideas .
then when you have a computer for someone else has one then you would be able to see them .
anyway lets get back on track .
older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there .
he passes abandoned towns and creeps into the desert flat land .
my second reason that i believe computers are good to have around is .
for example he had no water so he was parched .
he is grateful for his parents and for their love and sacrifice .
most <location> my extended family lives in <location> .
this made him less determined to reach his goal .
i believe that computers are a great tool for several reason .
just by using computer .
the door were beautiful .
this made it illegal for any dirigible to tie up to the building or even approach it .
thats when i felt a rain drop pound down on <caps> head .
all good qualities that make everyones lives easier .
so she wont now other .
the front rows seats were only for people over <num> because during the concert the band would bring out some beer guns and shower the front rows with beer .
people should maintain a right to choose which books he or she <month> want to read .
then you were the one that was impatient because she was the one driving .
she started screaming at me saying what happen was i fighting stuff like that .
i understand that people might have been there first .
the government is taking out certain words in this story because they are seen as offensive .
we could only assume .
hand-eye coordination is used in many things .
its just a natural part of growing up .
in the <date> i met <organization> .
without best friends or even just friends you would probably find it hard to laugh .
<num> days before my birthday i would not eat .
after one hill the cyclist sees a building .
he says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
i think people need to realize that computers are over the humans .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
but thats <caps> made us bond even more .
another obstacle is that the dirigibles had is that it uses hydrogen and helium which is highly flammable .
pilots unable to control the dirigible would have great difficulty <caps> their dirigible .
if you can use your eyes and your hands at a you can hit a baseball or even .
it provides useful information to everyone .
architects and builders working on building a docking platform on top of the empire state building for dirigibles faced many obstacles .
none of these groups ever intercepted each other .
some books are offensive but not all of them .
the answer is simple .
later on a comedian went up and he made everyone laugh in the audience .
all you have to do is talk to him .
the hardest part was being quiet to .
but this caused problems too .
some people <month> want all censorship items out of public areas .
computers is probably their <num> or <num> way they communicate .
a rough spot for the cyclist was when the terrain changed from a flat stretch to rolling hills .
if we really have that freedom the censorship violates it completely .
and also there was a law that air crafts had to be a certain height in the air .
family is very important .
the winds on top of the building constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i know that it would make me feel like i did something wrong .
everyone is different no one person can speak for the whole world .
i dint do anything but mop all day .
his perseverance paid off .
heat would affect the cyclist because heat prevents you from functioning at your greatest ability .
it is a great idea but i do not believe that it can help us more than it would hurt us .
the builders could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
patients is something not everybody has .
another thing you could do so the computer is socialize .
the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
the second day i walk through the school doors determined to make some friends .
the lack of water and settlements slowed him down .
also i think computers are not good because computers lead to no good so keep your child away from computers .
lastly <caps> <caps> says <caps> will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
the author shows that he is in a good mood by saying he is eternally grateful .
there are millions of a job sites that would have to do with something of learning .
computers have nothing but positive effects on people on society as a whole .
it also seems <caps> misses it .
shed sometimes get violent when someone tried to pull her away .
i had been hyper pretty much all day and so had <caps> else .
that is a lot of work to have all of that especially in another country .
the romance books usually have girls on there half clothed and the guys in basically nothing .
she had not seen her cousin in about three years and was very happy to see her .
show them that you love hanging out with them .
certain materials should not be view by younger children .
and she learned that great thing come when you are patient .
it is just a need right now because they are very helpful .
these websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily .
<caps> started looking through cabinets and soon found napkins .
the technological breakthrough of the <date> known as computers allow interaction with other people as well as learn of distant lands .
i wanted to quit dance but it was a talent i had that i wanted to keep doing .
movies are even worse because the picture is right there in front of their faces .
these emotions came out in the writing .
the past is the best teacher and when the past is gone there is no way for those students to learn about the past .
there are some material that <month> have offense that seems life threatening .
the world needs people who challenge ideas and religions .
<caps> explains how it there were people of no relation who were considered family .
there was obstacles in the way of attaining this goal .
if the number of computers used in each household increase the amount of obese people in <location> will as well .
i believe that computers effect most people negatively .
a computer is just a simpler way to look up information .
in the book when they use the word it is very powerful and makes you think .
being so high the dock would be moved around because of the winds .
many families have spent thousands thousands of dollars on buying the computers and <caps> them fixed .
it talks about the endless celebrations and countless congregations of family and friends .
there is a reason why there is so many different genres .
she shared it with family who shared it with co workers who shared it with there family and friends .
builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i did some research and found that <percent> of people that are over weight have accounts on multiple sites on computers .
it could change does lifestyle dramatically .
<percent> out of <num> people said they like typing on the computer more then writing it on <caps> .
one good thing is that you get to talk to people .
these are some of the features of the setting that affect the cyclist .
it was also an existing .
i paid nineteen dollars for it .
they should be able to go in a place and buy something that they want to watch and not get questioned about it .
this world is harsh and not easy at all times .
those are some ways the author created the mood in the story .
for <caps> what i am doing right now is learning to type faster and faster .
relative means that one person has a different view than that of another .
they were like a game that he came successful .
in short i live my life laughing every day .
i was at the begging at the line and then i saw a sign that <caps> two hour wait from that point .
he sat and waited for about twenty minutes when he finally got a tug on his line .
i personally disagree with the concept .
any way children become more social .
there are other things that can keep two people close together .
no child needs to be put under a bad influence .
he finally gave in and jumped on the next one .
that is just one example of how you will always get around listening to what you want to hear .
without a computer life would be much more difficult .
because the cyclist used more energy to go over the hills he only had enough energy to feel sorry for himself .
when the architect added a 185 foot spiral to the top of the building .
since students rely on their computers so much then always on them .
<caps> we went to the store and it said that it was closed .
this is why the builders had faced so many problems .
some materials could be seen as offensive to some people .
so thats my opinion about have offensives things on the shelves .
there were many ways the author created the mood .
there are things in this world that are much worse for children to see then taking a quick glance at something not for their age at a library .
some people think that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time outside .
<caps> turned to face the small building .
it might help us make a better future .
it was only about a foot and a half wide and about <num> foot long .
this all shows that the narrator is happy with his family in pleased of where he lives .
they did not blame the library .
com are the greatest information sites of the <date> .
they can go onto <location> and type in any question they want to be answered .
so people do not have the right to blame the author for what he or she writes down .
we kept the mattress on the top of the stairs and measured out just where we needed my sleeping bag to be .
<caps> therefore the power of the wind is a huge obstacle .
seeing <person> next her was the only thing that kept me from bursting into tears .
boys killing themselves because .
also they could be talking to one of their family relatives .
<caps> was wearing white bleached jeans and a black band t-shirt .
i am going to tell you about a time when i was patient .
dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building even if the docking station was completed because of an existing law that forbids airships flying too low over urban areas .
there are a lot of people that think most of the music that you hear on the radio today is offensive .
the hibiscus seems out of place and is determined to survive when the snow melts .
that is not good for your health at all .
this paragraph acts as a final positive message to readers .
in the excerpt the mooring mast the builders faced many obstacles .
patience has many qualities .
if this is true then our world will have nothing because not everyone likes one certain thing .
i think you should consider less computer time .
as the architects designed the mast they quickly realized the frame of the building was not equipped to handle the weight on top of its flat roof .
i believe that computers benefit society .
the <caps> obstacle would be the wind .
last year i had to sell my cow because she was sick .
because of the stress from the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to strengthen and modify the whole building which cost over sixty thousand dollars .
the mood of the memoir is happy and thankful .
and people have slowly began to deal with it .
then they finally got along and won the champion game .
if only one end of the dirigible was tied to the mast the other end would blow in the wind .
i have to say it felt good just to be by my friends side again being able to share happy moments with each other .
the generations now are tough and they wont let down .
and say only a little wait compared to other things .
this painted a mood of unity and care .
books have always been a way for people to get away from their life and into their own story world .
all we need to do is to is remember not to forget .
and even if they are its for studying learning of catching up with old friends .
another problem is lack of exercise .
please heed my advice or your kids will be ignoring you when you are talking to them .
like being able to communicate with your friends .
ever since the <organization> was invented obesity and lack <organization> exercise in a persons schedule has skyrocketed .
the author had so much admiration of his parents strength and perseverance .
and <caps> was all because of my ability to make her laugh and to put a smile on her face .
these obstacles lead the designers to never effectively use the mooring mast like they had hoped to .
it is far better to leave all the books alone so that everyone can find something to enjoy reading .
the problem i think is people <month> not think certain things are offensive because they might not know what it mean .
to acquire these books you must have a parents permission or be <num> years of age .
these conversations have several effects on me sometimes they are sad and other times they make me feel better about things .
once the ride was over <person> was already at the top of the blue <organization> .
when we want to go out to the movies my brother stays home on the computer .
this is a very dangerous obstacle to builders because fire itself is really dangerous .
scoping out the comical events life has to offer us .
i prefer to talk with my friends eye to eye however if you cannot do that a computer is a perfect alternative .
some materials in libraries <month> have information that is offensive towards others .
a swiveling ship above pedestrians is no where close to safe .
the first place in the story when the <caps> creates a hard mood is when they say that racism is overt .
he laughs off everything from stepping in dog crap to his fathers drug addiction he can dull the pain of any blow with laughter .
it pushed those negative thoughts straight out of my mind and told them never to come back .
my second reason is students need to learn how to type so they can email or even write on paper .
this shows the parents love for the kids .
my <caps> ended up taking her while my <caps> stayed with us and boarded the plane .
the finally saw a town that had a bait shop and was able to get water and cool down .
another main reason is in <caps> <num> .
this reminds me of a true story i know because i was there .
he creates a mood of bliss through his loving and grateful tone .
and the way she talks to her mother .
at <caps> middle <organization> i had everything going for me .
communication is very important in everyday life .
the <caps> section has music which teens listen to .
the parent should be the one to take responsibility .
music is a different story .
giving this simple sentence a great meaning .
it helps us remember the fun times during the bad times .
so if you eat and use the computer all day your not really burning any calories therefore you will gain weight .
it was a close-knit community .
computers teach hand-eye coordination too .
when people try to censor the libraries they try to take out books that are offensive .
in public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble .
i think that the mood created by the author is pride because in paragraph two it says .
the reason why kids should stay and the kids area is so they want pick up that book thats not for them .
well <caps> from all over the world are not getting enough exercise because <money> computers .
that is also a typing game .
he was the first president of the <organization> .
many people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising .
but books are not rated such as movies are .
laughter is a important part of my life .
some want to censor our libraries though that is not the best choice .
thats the time <caps> dad became patient .
those are the features that affected the cyclist in the story .
it all started when my friend <person> called me over to come play football .
you can just login and talk to anyone in the world .
then on the road again .
with computers you store all and files neatly .
computers have little to no effect on people .
it is all caused by what they see or hear around them .
the group was called <organization> .
hes tired and has a long way to go .
this would not help .
we finally got on the bus and headed home .
this means that they are great cooks and have skills for cooking .
if they start crying people who are working can be disturbed .
movies show history and show you want happens to people when they do the wrong things what will happen to them .
so leaving <person> and <person> to change i waited outside <person> room .
i also have seen images that are not censored .
she invited her friend <person> and i went along to pay for their ice cream .
one topic that brings me laughter is my niece .
we would goof off and mess around in <location> .
so if we cancel that show on <caps> .
a smile on her face good job <person> you got an a- .
an example of this is in paragraph four where it says my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family .
all you can get from an hour on the computer is blurred vision .
but there were slow workers who were very slow .
computers are also safe to make sure your kids are safe .
he also encountered a big snake that appeared to be a diamondback which he avoided even though it almost covered the road .
we would have computers but we wont use it like for along time then spend more outside .
people like you that work in a office need information about a place that a disaster happened .
i was doing amazing at not talking and making my sister mad for the first minute or so .
the mood created by the author is that <person> is grateful for what he has .
<caps> more and more people should lay off it .
it reminded me of glass shattering on a cement floor .
magazines should be removed from the library .
thank you for your time
many people want computer because they do have enough money to <caps> one .
it was hard enough for the builders to build the empire state building but on top of that they must make a mooring mast at the top .
her being depressed is kinda like a train wrecking off its tracks .
there is a thick line if a certain type of material in a library is offensive or not .
many people have been in a relationship before from excellent to bad they knew <organization> laughing with each other they enjoyed the enjoyment from one another .
this lets people explore the world and do anything .
we have been friends since we were in elementary .
lives can be saved .
it would be like them being in the room with you .
all these things revolve around hand-eye coordination which is best learned by computers .
i sat and look out the window silently because thats all i really could do .
you could wake up in the morning with two new feet of snow .
a second productive task can help us with is learning .
gym clothes <caps> people say laughter can bring together anyone .
i can hardly remember most of what happened there .
i was on the ground curled up in a ball with my hands holding my stomach and my face was bright red .
computers with <caps> risk .
computers help people by interacting with others throughout their daily lifestyle .
if its there to read then let it be read instead of hiding it from them it only makes children more anxious to read or see it .
banning books in libraries needs to change .
laughing with my father is nothing compared to me laughing with my mother .
despite the pain or irritation this is a type of learning i would welcome in libraries .
its not about overusing them its about .
this shows that no matter how diverse people were .
the obstacles builders of the empire state building faced was many things surrounding safety and money issues .
one obstacle was that the builders cannot just drop a mooring mast on the top of the empire state building .
that is a simple aspect of logic that with time comes chase .
the gym teacher told my friend to go to the nurses office .
people can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree .
it also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember .
he would never see his mother on <location> again .
the library staff could put those books in the alternative section .
i guess laughter really is there when something embarrassing happens .
i love to make people laugh .
another obstacle the builders faced was the wind caused by nature .
in the excerpt from the mooring mast by <organization> builders must faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow the dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
this would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem .
the scorching dessert and plant life gives him a sense of seclusion and scares him .
see these <month> things you can go on the computer .
some people even on them to stay in touch with family or at war .
then came some rolling hills which would be another big challenge for him .
she will have confident in the spring because the plant grew to its new home so she will grow to her new home also .
the entire library is split up into different sections .
with hand-eye coordination you <month> need it to play sports like baseball .
and then there are people that cant do it but they do .
one term of communication that came out recently is <caps> .
after waiting for so long we finally got to the ride it .
it was very boring .
they just should not offend somebody to be a good song or a really great movie .
she was bringing up good memories of her past life in her home .
that goes for the opposite too what other people find offensive you might like .
when the biker listened to the old folks he had confidence .
this then ends my essay .
one time my grandma taught me how to use a sewing machine .
i am against the removal of offensive entertainment because it is not fair to everyone else that is a member of the library .
i very patient and happy to get my first hamster .
i had an <caps> appointment .
the author is giving a message not to give up .
no one has to be skinny to be pretty .
he was grateful for his parents giving him all they could .
we both waited in the <organization> line .
they could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry .
dear newspaper i disagree with the hole computer thing i think its just a wast of money and its a wast of time for kids .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
us girls ignored all calls from boys for the rest of our trip .
there are so many things that little kids can see .
obstacles builders faced in constructing the empire state building to allow the attempt of a dirigible to dock were blind .
we might not like it but the reward at the end is wonderful .
another problem they faced was the stress that the dirigible-held on by only a single cable-would put on the buildings frame .
after breakfast we got ready to go and my mom took us to the mall .
but i highly doubt that it would come to a point like in time .
it was just about one week ago when i got into a fight with my best friend in the world .
people need to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people .
laughing is actually a element of why i am in my relationship with my boyfriend as of right now .
i could hear impatience people all around me .
<caps> obstacles arose once the idea got thrown around .
we cant take that from our generation it just would not be right .
that show happiness .
my father owns company and works from home most days .
<caps> loves and appreciates what her family did for her .
<organization> could help you out a lot .
even censoring the movies would not be effective because your taking away the art of having an unfiltered movie .
builders of the empire state building faced obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
in the memoir <person> written by <person> the mood is happiness .
you are not required to read or listen to any item that you do not want to see or hear .
we both cracked up again and <caps> just smiled cause he knew we were playing around .
we were in the car for what seemed like forever before we finally got there .
his parents left their home in order to make a better life for him and for that he is extremely proud and grateful .
<month> i mind you <caps> was very scary .
i knocked on his door .
one way the mood of the memoir is loving .
this a story about a time when i was patient .
the are thousands of games to chose from .
hydrogen is highly flammable .
there does not need to be any censorship in libraries .
i left to go on some rides and when i came back the poor little girl was still there .
mom walked me down the stairs to the classroom and the teacher introduced herself to me .
the creation of <caps> created a new revolution of way of communicating <caps> <person> a young student of <organization> .
<person> went <caps> her room and began <caps> wait patiently for her mom .
we need to leave every book on the shelves .
but there could be negative ideas for people who think the opposite way .
you can make what they thought was a good thing into something bad .
try i got up to early .
we started frantically running down streets and alleys in hopes of seeing a familiar scene .
our group finally had the tape .
com and will be able to still find out whats going on in the world .
it can make what any seam a hard time into a good just by finding your loved one .
censorship is not necessary because people know what they are interested in without anyone helping them find what they are looking for .
my mom is patient too .
but the thing that we always count on is a good laugh with a good friend .
we made some really good trails up there .
and <caps> are many ways to chat with people like over the phone on a cell phone .
books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be able to be viewed by young children .
its not appealing to see an article about some sort of alcohol when its sitting right next to a kids magazine .
<caps> is for all of these reasons i strongly believe computers are beneficial to the community .
the designing of the mast was an obstacle because a dirigible moored to the mast would add stress to the buildings frame .
their schedule could be chaotic .
making each other laugh was one of our only connections with each other since she went to a different school .
we then got right into practice and games .
ill tell about a time when i was patient .
but i sat and looked at the magazine .
exercise is necessary in <caps> lives .
everyone is on the computer these days .
about <percent> of people say that they are addicted .
little children are the ones who laugh more often .
<caps> bulling happens everyday .
there are three main reasons why libraries should not be censored .
she had to get after things from the grocery store .
computers play a major part in destroying our health .
but if you want the whole story that can be non-fiction or fiction then censorship is not for you .
most of them ran on hydrogen rather than helium .
i think that computers have a positive effect on people .
while i went and checked the bus schedule for the <organization> bus .
a child on the computer is wasting time not being active .
people are not attracted to books that do not have a quality topic that gets them interested .
children all around the world find themselves wandering through the library every day .
on the computer accomplishing absolutely nothing .
the architects had to go through many obstacles such as having to rebuild the whole frame of the empire state building .
so she made my hot chocolate and breakfast every time i need something she just got up and got it for me .
we live in a world <date> inundated and persuaded by media .
but one should know the dangers of censorship .
the worst were books with cuss words that i found .
kids like me always have homework on the computer .
as i went on i could feel myself start to trip over my words .
his parents doors were always open to everyone .
finally <person> and i got the chance <caps> talk yes we were both teary eyed but we were laughing <caps> .
keeping these stereotypes and harmful sayings off library shelves is a great business choice and will keep all customers happy .
the biggest problem of all was the weight of the dirigibles on the massive height of the building .
sure enough when the purple cloud vanishes .
the government and society does not have the right to decide what people take in .
a second issue builders faced was mother nature herself .
this is a positive effect on people because the more you know the better .
libraries <month> always need advice .
the next day we came to school and <person> was handing out invitations to his birthday party .
the same goes with family .
a day without laughing is a waste of a day .
then she would say well <person> was the one who watched the movie .
<caps> got me there .
sometimes its too long of a wait and you just have to be patient .
to strip the rights of a person is not acceptable .
gives the reader a feeling that the character is in danger .
another obstacle was just nature itself .
how great things were .
parents would not have to worry about their young children wandering around and finding something that is totally wrong for them .
you can go play sports and have fun while getting exercise .
she relates the flower and geese to herself .
we thought it would take a few more minutes .
patience is when you are waiting for something to happen and you experience difficulties but you do not complain .
<caps> try not to let <caps> happen again <caps> said .
if things like this continue our planet will become mindless zombies will no personal opinions .
i had to wait a really long time .
parents need to quit thinking they can get their child to believe there is nothing bad in the world .
i was in my pretty pink flowered dress and putting streamers up .
it means that you are understanding and tolerant .
i have observed that children listening to rap at a very young age are more likely to end up turning out to be an unsuccessful individual .
the mooring mast is a skinny tower at the top of the empire state building to dock the dirigibles .
whether if were offend by it or not .
even more of the knowledge to be learned is being stripped away and cut down by censorship .
we can look up historical facts on the computer .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is in my opinion pure happiness and love .
towards the end they put on a slide show of everyone in the fifth grade class .
computers make people feel lazy sometimes therefore they spend less time exercising .
i was glad when everything was over .
when i laugh i usually feel happy after wards en less i am crying because i am hurt .
libraries should have censorship because young kids could come and open and look at it .
it because the mother showed he how to love people .
if children are by themselves with no adult supervision and wander into an adult reading section they could look at something bad .
most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports .
so take away something from people they are going to stand up and fight for it .
you should always be thankful to you parents .
another obstacle the builders had to face is it would be safe for the passengers .
they both overcome obstacles .
you can interact with people all over the world .
the conclusion sentence of winter hibiscus is one of realization of opportunity with spring beginning .
my third reason is you can work on the computer .
our laughter brings us closer together every single time we see each other .
just because something is offensive to one person does not mean it is to someone else .
today was a <date> and <person> and her mom was watching videos of her mom when she was young .
some people feel the need to disagree and say computers are bad for people .
the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips .
i stated all of my reasons why i support advances in technology .
i got out as fast as possible .
computers are beneficial to everyone worldwide .
it might create a certain image .
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
i decided to go to my friend .
i had said on what .
the rapidly growing need for social dominance and in turn inflating egos makes for a bully breeding ground .
a time that i was patience was last <date> when i went to <caps> point .
this final paragraph is important because it shows how her life is changing .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this story .
when only having a few drops of water and seeing that would have increased my thirst more .
for me there are so many parts in my life that involve laughter .
music should have meaning and instead of blood and killing it should be about the better things in life .
books are censored for all sorts of reasons .
the <caps> states how he will always be grateful for what his parents did for him .
these computers are an advantage to our learning and knowledge .
you can use a phone instead and call them .
also computers can help you with your homework .
we named her vary patient .
the winds at the peak of the empire state building were violent .
always filled the air with not just scent and music but life .
when <person> and his friends were done getting the sand off of them they all went inside and hold a piece of cake .
the biker was negatively affected by this setting because it contributed to his rough times and caused him to lose hope .
she thought it would be humorous to take pictures while we scrubbed for our life .
the narrator gets upset when she knows the hibiscus is not like the ones from her old home .
he is running low on water and at the one town he finds the water from the pump is undrinkable .
like have sections for young kids then teens and then adults .
he followed their directions and little did he know that he should have stuck to his original directions .
and another thing why do libraries have books that have sexual things in them .
some jobs you have to apply by computer .
will that said they use computers anyone to say that computers are bad the that you love do while this .
advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible <date> decades <date> .
these have been what i believe some of the effects settings have on cyclist .
there are some things that can be offensive in a library like prejudice books or music .
spending all day or even half your day on the computer will make you lazy .
<person> shows his love for his heritage by stating my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills .
or you never know you could forever and never be found .
but <caps> he loves chasing leaves and playing in the snow .
and try to find <caps> where you like and come .
you can even play games on the computer .
so we waited played hangman and saws other <caps> .
another problem with the dirigibles was wind .
<caps> heart sank into <caps> stomach .
i wonder <caps> it could be .
i know this because in the story the main character is happy .
my science teacher always wants assignments printed and how <caps> i do that with out a computer .
but at <organization> it a good source of <caps> for them .
we walked towards the river and found all of out friends jumping off a <num> ft rock into the river and we went to join the fun .
in paragraph <num> the cyclist mentions how old men looked at his map and pointed out this breezy jaunt .
the expectation for dirigibles to dock on the empire state building was very high .
also nature itself was a problem .
computers help us communicate in many ways .
the settings in this story had effect on the cyclist in many ways .
in many stories the narrator uses a dramatic yet conclusive statement to end the story .
i wrote this paper to show how powerful laughter is in the world .
i feel as though reading something that offends me puts me in a state of mind as though i would not like to read any longer .
it had over been <num> minutes .
i translate the vow into when things start to be normal again it will get much better for her in this new country .
another large obstacle the builders would have to deal with was finding a way to neutralize the violent wind currents atop the <date> ft .
parents should try and remove all books that are offense to their children because that can have a real bad affect on them .
all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the self .
the books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday .
as evident in the provided text this man was effected by each feature of the setting .
vs and but or rent them .
computers are just plain bad .
i cant wait to get to that paragraph .
on the model i had to glue parts on everyday .
an you cant just take that off the shelf .
the next morning things got so bad that just being in the same room made us want to lash out and kill each other .
i never could type but i caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn .
i remember a time when <caps> sister used to go on and on about <caps> cream sundaes and all that .
some say that the computers are good for the society .
with a one thousand foot dirigible moored to the top of a building by a single cable tether there will be a lot of stress on the building .
<caps> said <caps> for you baby .
that causes our mind to picture things that make us think we need them .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy .
thats what matters .
these symbols are important to her in that they give her a chance to start over and she sees that in the winter hibiscus .
laughter consists of many different factors .
my point is if something comes off the shelf is should return to its rightful spot or otherwise their will be consequences and people will not be trusted much longer
especially when you get older and have children .
on a fine <date> day i was heading toward the <caps> office .
they meet <caps> at the counter and ask <caps> .
waiting for my child was the longest <num> hours of my life .
computers hurt people in many ways .
<caps> is ridiculous that we are forgetting how to use the proper grammar of the <caps> language .
you can also look at maps of the whole world and zoom all the way to birds eye view .
observing others when in offensive situations <month> help find a solution to these problems .
there are a lot of people that feel it is not appropriate enough to be taught in school .
one of the greatest obstacle was safety .
we had the best time of our lives .
however when you look at the facts a computer can teach a lot .
people could then read these comments before checking out that item .
the reason for this is that this technology takes learning to places it has never gone before .
he found out that kids all over the the country were learning about what had happened to his ancestors and that the <organization> defeated the <caps> .
this is an example of how badly the terrain had effected him .
one main problem is the cyclist has a lack of water supply .
we had got all muddy i ad fell of my bike trying to go up the ramp while <caps> was all muddy .
that is because the wind at the top of the empire state were changing a lot due to bad weather .
everyone has their own choice when it comes to picking up a book .
<caps> and i had both been through some rough times in the past few months .
but i had too wait till everybody was gone to go get it .
my little brother wanted to go fishing too .
well that was another opinion of mine so read on to see what else i got .
also whenever i do bad in school she just encourages me to do better but still is a little discouraged because she wants me to do good .
people should be running or going to the gym instead of going on the computer .
entertainment can not always please everyone .
there are a couple things that affect the cyclist in the story .
we watched <caps> <caps> and ate popcorn .
this made my mood become happy .
the cyclist pedaled through all types of different terrain .
now we could be talking about <money> at the very least .
the warrior was the teacher and <person> was the student .
its not even on purpose half of the time .
you just have to be careful what music you listen to at a library because there are young people everywhere .
to do this the would need to build a mast on top so that the dirigibles could hook on to and refuel .
not and old one because it can breakdown .
laughter is something that is there when you are happy .
so then i stood there patiently and waited .
they are constitutionally protected in the things they say .
i know this from personal experience .
these are just some examples of moods created by the author in this memoir .
grandma called us in for dinner .
but i tried my best to get him over it .
you picked the computer over your friends to go to the mall .
i understand that parents want to protect children .
i feel sorry for these people because they are missing out on the joy and enlightenment they could be sharing with the people around them .
those are some obstacles that builders had to face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
after reading all the facts surely one would agree that a <caps> is a great tool that should be used .
with a soft and almost beautiful voice <caps> let a little laugh out .
there are not as many people taking care of our planet .
it was seven in the <time> when we left the rink .
and then she states that their wont be any books left for us .
i cant even begin to imagine what band would be like <caps> their enmity had risen to the no forgiveness zone .
well to begin my persuasive <caps> .
but integrity and kindness can bring people closer .
to fail and try again shows great inner strength .
it can also show us the lives about people from the past .
i believe laughter is an important part of any relationship .
now and days kids are more mature and knowledgeable and can read on higher levels .
the addiction to computer is so bad that people do have a look of and interacting with things .
without the dirigible being held down the violent winds would push the ship into sharp spires that would rip the shell .
this entry proves to the reader that there are snakes in this sort of setting .
there are no loud or emphasized parts .
the author explained how her parents were very courageous and brave for leaving their home land .
ill never forget the way she lit up at that simple kindness .
these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today .
i think their are some books that should stay out of the library though .
now there are some materials that are pushing the line of their content .
laughter is a natural reaction every human being has when they are either happy or have heard or seen something that is funny to them .
thats not right at all .
i thought it would stain .
i do think in some cases then they should have to say why they want that certain material just to determine it is for all the right reasons .
communicating with friends is also important and computers offer many different ways of doing it .
it would have been to worry about those things these are all things that affect the cyclist .
the first reason why they should be removed from the shelves is it might be offending to someone important like the president of the <organization> or the <caps> of your state .
he appreciated the fact that his parents always made anyone feel like they were part of the family .
patience is usually good or bad for me .
you can learn to surf the web because after a while you will know were everything is and be a web master .
they can also be used for sending important information quickly and without much trouble .
all of the thing we could learn from them though help in the argument of that .
together we laughed at everything that amused us .
also the mood of the memoir is very appreciative and grateful because the author tells of how his community was a family .
i was so happy because it was no cost to me .
i ended up with three hundred dollars .
the dirigible failed in their attempt and the idea of docking dirigibles disappeared in the late 1930s .
in the novel <caps> <num> censorship is one of the main themes of the story .
oh <caps> goodness we laughed and we had a blast .
the obstacle that the builders of the empire state building face in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the winds on top of the empire state building .
one way the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting in many ways .
there are infinite numbers of information in the world and computers help find it .
he felt grateful and thankful for his parents love and sacrifice .
i personally detest censorship .
that night was one of the best and funniest nights i have ever had .
i would get a cute new hair cut and she would get high lights .
when i was about six my family and i went to my cousins ranch in <organization> .
one such feature is the hills that are present in the essay .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i feel that he wrote this because of his personal experience and it could relate to others
many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show .
laughing and even giggling together is what <person> and i look forward to in our relationship .
for the next mile or so we continued without finding a map .
the victory of that nights game lead us one round deeper into the state tournament .
in conclusion those are things that worked against th cyclist .
book <caps> and the characters lived happily ever after .
the books might be offensive to you but to someone else it could just be another book that they want to read .
these words set the tone for the rest of the memoir in which love in helping the community are key themes .
as said before there would be no books for anyone to read if everybody removed what they felt was offensive .
her looks make her seem as if she has a deep secret .
<caps> now its your turn to jump on out of virtual world and put your head back in reality .
if this is the case then just ignore it .
also kids can do their projects .
other people actually use their computers for things that they need .
this was because the dirigible would add stress to the frame of the building when docked on it .
if books that offended people would have always been removed for reasons of offending other we could not have much of the knowledge we have today .
or the big dragon came from <location> .
this affected the cyclist because he had to pedal harder to go up the hills and he got short of breath due to this .
they wanted their son to have a good life .
a normal person encounters several occasions a day where they <month> hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends .
computers greatly reduce that hassle .
in a senior high school students should have a right to read whatever type of book they please .
<caps> patients can email me to schedule an appointment and let me now if they think somethings very wrong with them .
the computer can take us anywhere .
then they go home and go on their own computers instead of going for a walk or a bike ride .
patience is not fun butt is sometimes necessary .
the creators of this idea solely designed this system on top of the empire state building to incorporate a futuristic form of transportation to make the building more unique .
people <month> use it for research or something in the future .
no piece of media can possibly be directed to satisfy the opinions of all the world .
what <caps> me is i actually pulled <caps> off .
kids and adults both go on computers .
<caps> said her mother .
the workers were exhausted .
there are so many wrong things out in the world that you can never do right by .
the other twelve percent said that their computer or cell phone is their most important thing in life because they cannot live without it .
censorship is kind of out of the way .
it is so much easier to do instead of looking up their number and calling them .
those few minutes became more and once <person> was out we had already missed the bus .
clearly communication is a must have .
i have seen a little kid pull a adult book of the self .
she is comparing her life to the lives of the geese and the life of her flower .
i also make a lot of mistakes and am very clumsy so i get laughed at a lot .
reading a new kind of book might even open peoples eyes to what differences there are in the world .
the obstacles the builders faced were too many and this project soon became impossible to finish and it never was .
the first obstacle was the forceful winds .
i have grown up around laughter and the thought of always being happy .
computers can also be time-consuming and people could spend hours and even days on a computer without doing anything else .
it is true that with technology that libraries <month> eventually become extinct .
<person> and his friends all made this huge sand kingdom .
so started to get ready .
art is what makes people creative .
geese fly south for the winter to stay warm .
then the <caps> asked me questions and my foster mom question .
it recently got banned from schools all over the <location> .
i hope agree with my point of view .
there are many words and concepts that have not be socially accepted of the centuries .
now many of the following generations will never get to read that classic because people took it out of libraries .
i had to have patience for a lot of things .
we would have to wait for a news paper or the news to come on <caps> .
i believe this because you can use them to talk to other family that <month> be far away .
that period i laughed the whole time .
if the world would just get over the harsh things of the books we can all come up with a solution .
maybe the library could make a section for what people might think is offensive .
the materials in a library are organized by age group and kids usually do not venture out of the area of their interest .
it is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away .
they had to put in sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to its framework .
<person> tossed cheese at me and ended up on my dog .
i was patient when i had to witch <num> little bad girls at my sisters house .
the girls mother allows it because it probably wont be too bad and she assumes her daughter wants to look at the pictures of new clothes and trends .
there are ways mentally and physically .
the library is there for knowledge and entertainment .
he did everything he could do to not losing his mind .
also we can see that everything and everybody should get a second chance .
one day someone came over and they started talking outside .
it was the day when we were going to get our dog <organization> and i was excited and as patient as ever .
another thing is that you could actually need your computer to stay .
i quick explained as i ran out of breath .
when someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to .
this modification and strengthening of the building process would call for an investment of over sixty thousand dollars .
my first reason is that computers hurt your eyes after a long time sitting at them .
the world knows we need computers and computers are the smartest thing since the calculator .
the builders of said the dirigibles are weighted down by lead but if they did that it would be a safety issue .
with out computers you really cant do any thing .
for example it states this place might have been a thriving little spot before the last world war it fit the tradition definition of a ghost town .
the author says vowed to express positive connotation in the paragraph .
the cyclist had to endure the pain of dehydration and determination .
these are the books i remember .
the sight was troubling .
i believe that it means to be able to a low time to pass so you can do something .
and you hear the crime rates go up .
that might even be how it will stay .
the arrow flew high and impaled the obsidian tip into an ash tree .
the technology of computers has brought education to new .
i really wanted to go see the windy city because my mom went to <location> .
i believe that every people contain their own personality in their laughter .
event though they are almost adults .
if they are offended they can not put blame on the author or where ever they got the book because there was a warning .
so i shut my mouth .
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people .
there was a law against airships in urban areas that was an obstacle .
a computer gives you anything you need in a matter of seconds .
one the way to the park the cyclist came across a big snake that covered the road which greatly frightened the biker .
i simply do not find any of it right that few peoples opinions should matter depending on what they find offensive for two reasons .
explicit movies and music are very bad with seeking to understand .
i do it all the time .
to talk to our friends or even to talk to other people in the world .
the author ends it with it was here where i learned the definition of family .
people have the right to change things if they believe they are wrong .
they might start it lost minute .
any individual that is highly educated would see the pluses in computer usage .
these are only a few ways i was patient .
when my friend who had fallen finally got up <caps> was laughing too .
so it was a very good mood the <caps> wrote the <caps> in .
then it gets into talking about the hibiscus and how it reminds her of homeland and all of the good memories that she has experienced .
the author mentions several things from which one can infer the sensation of a strong supportive family that has everything it needs .
my best friends parents had been the same way with her .
if anything the reader might even like the book and check it out .
they were telling me how funny it would be if it was slow motion .
a computer has endless information on any topic unlike books .
the last reason is the wind conditions at that hight made it impossible for the dirigibles to land there without the tail and swaying in the wind .
its something that makes a relationship last .
in this world you never know what someone might writing .
the most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life .
in the end the cyclist survived and drank a lot of water .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he runs out of water because he is trying to traverse the terrain .
being patient requires a lot of tolerance .
you should always be proud of who and what you are as explained in this excerpt .
the narration of rough road ahead a solo cyclist encounters several challenges throughout the story .
you can chat with people typing .
a second obstacle that builders had to face was nature itself .
computers are a great thing during down time and have positive effects on people .
its always hard having to leave her when shes calling your name its like i want to cry .
the computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them .
the reader <month> not like the topic but others would and thats always good to think about .
i was patient for my luggage .
and that is why we have fights over a book .
one of <caps> friendships that contains a lot of laughter is with <caps> friend <person> .
he writes about his parents in a way that informs the reader that they were extremely good people .
a sense of humor is merely our souls telling us everything will be okay .
we need to stop the problems and turn off the computers .
he felted loved because his parents sacrifice for him .
they were able to overcome this obstacle but many more loomed up ahead .
then in paragraph <num> the cyclist comes upon the traditional definition of a ghost town .
nobody can force you to do anything of that nature .
now you know that computers make life efficient .
i have had personal experience with these kinds of problems .
i was really happy for myself and i even told the girl good shot .
that is why the parents should be in charge of what their children read .
architects of the empire state building faced a tremendous amount of obstacles when they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock there .
even though the author started this journey out nice it did not take long for thing to change against him .
after he hits rolling hills and a sign warning of rough road and not exceeding the speed limit .
it would be illegal for a dirigible to tie up to the docking station because of this law .
now days people can get offended over anything .
people can be offended in the most easiest ways .
when i was at universal studios and i was waiting in the long lines to get on the rides i was patient .
dirigibles were not allowed to fly a certain height over urban areas .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist is many different ways .
so when someone is offended thats their problem .
i learned that dwelling over the past gets you nowhere and you have to learn to laugh things off .
i think in my head like <caps> .
<person> talks about her nice childhood .
laughter can unite a population and instill a feeling of friendship in a society .
i have had good things happen to me .
my life was perfect before i had my brothers my parents and my love of my life .
the mood created by this memoir is a relaxed caring kind of mood .
thats the kind of question my brother was curious about .
this pressure along with the wind pressure would have to be converted all the way to the buildings foundation .
he said i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean as he kept going he spotted an old guy in sight .
see everyone likes something different .
the mood created by the author was grateful and happy .
the way you want to live your life is up to you .
the child will probably want something that relates to a television show or a movie of some sort .
<caps> and i looked at each other and shock are heads yes .
it was very helpful .
just stop fighting please .
laughter laughter has always played a significant role in the relationships of <caps> life .
such as political cartoon .
this is also good for jobs .
this is how the features affect the cyclist .
it made it very difficult for him to finish his ride .
another part of the setting that effected the cyclist was when he arrived at the juice factory and it was closed which depressed him .
now many people want to try to get around the government protecting our rights .
my own brother became so addicted to computer games that he played one game straight for <num> hours straight .
it does not seem fair to me .
a few minutes later i went to the bathroom .
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist in this story .
if an accident happened with either it would be extremely fatal .
computers are necessary for <month> reasons .
all you have to do is go to a news website .
a instance of this is i began breaking the ride down into distances .
<caps> all started <date> in <date> .
this is why i believe the author ended with this paragraph .
i believe that is true .
most <caps> do gain weight on the computer because they are not physically active .
i think they should be certain magazines in the library .
we where stuck and i looked at my brother and he kneaded as if to say down is the only way .
its a made up word that really means we care about other peoples feelings more then we do our own
it was about noon <organization> the sun was hot .
perhaps we <month> learn more about these creatures if we take time off of the computer to do so .
they are not able to have phones and sending a letter can take a long time .
<caps> face was calm but here i am still waiting for the phone .
this shows this was another major obstacle for the builders .
the effect of that is someone getting hurt on a crime not being solved .
i look who they are from at <num> all from <caps> dad .
in such a diverse community it is impossible to remove any book off the shelf .
hope you enjoyed his story .
ill always be there for her also .
as you can see those were some obstacles builders faced .
then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
there is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercise .
the wildlife also had an impact on him .
either to do home work or play games .
at the end if they made it through they got a award .
i do not suggest the game for all are under <num> .
if we do this then all the problems will be solved .
computer help the environment too .
computers are helpful to us by doing work that has to be done neatly .
<caps> any dirigibles could never tie up the the building because of this new law .
that is all they gave us .
patience is essential when interacting with others .
the author concludes the story with this because it leaves you wondering about what will happen the next time she takes the test .
music in the library is good because you cant find old music like in the <date> in a music store .
i also think that more kids would read if they seen their relatives reading too .
i was taught to always treat people with respect and to try my hardest to get along with others .
yet not one second of it did his mouth even twitch upwards .
in softball the game always starts with the pitcher and usually ends with the pitcher .
everyone has a right to their own beliefs and opinions .
because i really wanted to buy something .
another problem was the building had to be strong enough to hold a blimp in place .
this would make it unfair for the people who do enjoy these topics .
the violent winds kept much from happening with the mast .
unfortunately their work was for nothing .
certain points in history are not something that everyone can be proud of .
sections in libraries organizes the library providing and easier access to where things are located .
there is not a point to it .
makes you feel you know comfortable .
i have to disagree with the supporters of technology .
i believe computers positive effect in people .
although i see where others come from about removing these kinds of materials from shelves .
you can talk to relatives in far away places but to travel with this .
innocence in the library was gone .
it smoothing up the vibe and if you <month> be and a bad mood that music you <month> like <month> claim you down in put you and a better one .
she came up with a plan that she said would make her win .
a girl walked out <caps> l was excited and nervous at the same time but l was proud because l had sat there the whole time patiently .
they do not exercise as much .
these documents should be high profile secure areas
the <caps> created in the <caps> is not that of a <caps> one .
these differences are part of why interacting with other people is so enjoyable .
they had to go get some information from the <organization> air station .
most websites <percent> give the ability for anyone to do so .
there are much less people outside .
when you loose your connections and become you will use your computer more and then <caps> will become worse .
talking with others by computers makes the world go round .
the mood created by the author was a very unique one .
the library is not liable for the feelings of the readers .
then i had the bright idea to sing in this deep creepy voice .
<person> had forgotten that she had sent a friends request to <person> .
first <person> tried and hit four out of six .
no one is forcing you to read it or look at it .
there are question i forgot .
<person> left the group of girls one day at lunch to talk to me about what had happened .
they let them stay in there house for as long as they needed to get back on there feet .
<caps> book is set in the <location> during the time of slavery .
the mood created by the author is one of loving mood .
the heat <month> cause the cyclist to dehydrate faster than normal .
i like the freedom and easiness of a computer .
thats a total of <num> years of life waste .
children know what they suppose to read and does not .
but then it also makes those people that want it censored uptight .
they are useful to every one .
he does this by explaining what goes on in a positive light .
there was also a law that was in their way .
libraries should make it impossible for teenagers to do this .
dirigibles from other countries use hydrogen to stay afloat .
during that time it <caps> reported that some of the main search topics were that of many social reformers and of different religions than that of the <organization> sanctioned religion .
he is talking about how he had such a good life in the house .
but as usual that conversation turned into a debate about over powered classes .
the final obstacle was nature because the winds shifted at the top of the building .
she also had to deal with living in a new country .
one time when i was skateboarding with my friend i got relay mad and i wanted to stop skating .
it helps us connect with people .
there are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse .
one of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time .
another <caps> is to give their children a better life .
that was the time i waited patiently .
it is all a matter of opinion .
the features surrounding the cyclist effect him greatly .
so he will never forget the gratitude that fills him up inside .
i also feel like this somewhat goes along with the idea of free will .
many times the reason that the books or magazines are censored is because they portray strong ideas and theories .
its not impossible .
it was amazing going under the waterfall .
it is a step up from talking on the phone .
it will have a negative effect on your child .
this allows the reader to feel such love and happiness which is being expressed .
with the positive aspects there is always a negative .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
my friend <caps> is a dare-devil .
the reason why my mom is patient is because when she goes to the beauty shop she calls <num> hours of waiting not a long time .
it would be a scary day if that happened .
laughing can really help you get through a tough time .
hopefully i have persuaded you that no book should be censored and everyone has the right to read what they want
the first problem they faced was safety .
if movies were all about unicorns the movie industry would fall apart quickly .
the bumpy roods and hills make him work harder .
most children from ages <num> to <num> draw a curious mind to the very adult world and seek to find answers .
the time they spend exercising and playing makes up only five percent of their day .
she spoke in a cheerful tone and seemed to giggle after every sentence .
it is possible to stop all by yourself but thats rare .
the one dog eats rocks for <caps> sakes .
so having patients can be hard sometimes but everybody can have patients .
my mom have gotten a new credit card that week .
i really hope you can understand my point of view .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
i waited an hour to get in .
the speaker is implying that it is so hot outside that he could faint from a heatstroke which could slow him down .
this is many of the reasons some materials should be banned from kids .
it can really help you out so you know what you have to work on or work less on .
this can be viewed as metaphorical also .
the computer has helped us first make a model of our invention then we start making the details .
some say they are helpful to society and others say not .
at that point children are at an awkward growing stage were they themselves are still learning whats right and wrong .
this quote is describing how bad the winds were and how it made it difficult for the builders to work .
paid over nineteen dollars for the plant .
<caps> be so vulnerable anyone could get in and cause pain .
one reason <caps> he helps you with your hand eye coordination for example teach you how you look while typing .
you would not believe the technology they have and how they use them .
he had been drinking his water regularly and would be running out .
it was a brown tall water ride with a tunnel and two hills .
this will be a new start for her .
we all need some laughter in order to not be depressed and sad .
so then they called my name and said my food was ready .
computers have very <caps> benefits .
and hopefully they will lead you to an idea that will end in a helpful change in society .
children go there and pick movies out .
if they are offended they can go to read some where else .
they do not want their children to come in contact with things that might influence their decisions .
college is important because it has a big role in our life so we <month> earn great jobs .
<percent> of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic .
will you say i wish i used my computer or i wish i spent more time .
many people see many different things .
many people can only express themselves in their art- and art can be very real .
my concern for public media display pertains to the concern of the impact on human lives .
<person> and i were clenching our stomachs and wiping away tears .
they can play music .
the mood set was a happy mood .
we have telephones .
they can have a really good meaning behind it .
familiar with <caps> is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers .
there is a wide array of music that people can enjoy .
going off road or riding on a dirt road might be a challenge .
living a sheltered life can catch up to people when they reach adulthood .
strengthening the buildings structure would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
<caps> respects what her gone through to make her life enjoyable and not like what her parents lives were .
now those are some reasons on why i feel that computers are a great part of our lives .
so as you have read i gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives .
it the author meant to write the book that way then the writing should stay that exact way .
we finally got back on track and i tried to give clear directions .
and in a way thanks his parents for everything .
so <caps> dad climbed in the <caps> and we told <organization> that <caps> dad was outside .
in the <time> my boyfriend had to go to work and i was left alone with <caps> to take care of her .
this is much easier than calling the person .
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean .
after i have settled down and got used to the surroundings of the new school i then started to make friends .
she means that her parents sacrificed to turn a <num> room apartment into her home .
for instance think about a movie store .
the author also ends with this paragraph because when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding .
he is the perfect role model .
so all in all my dad had some of the greatest moments of his life for no more than gas money and a few spare parts .
<caps> time <caps> parents told me we were going to <location> for the day .
there is never an agreement when two people have a different look on something .
this book demonstrates the harsh prejudice that used to be normal in the <location> during the earlier years of the <location> .
i waited so patient .
weigh down in the back with lead weights .
the author choses to end the story like this to inspire a sense of determination .
this was the biggest obstacle the builders had to face .
this shows that the temperature most of been unbearable .
hes very proud of how he lives .
this would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mast .
the libraries would lose business and funding if they did not supply library-goers with the content which they desire .
another time we had gone to pizza for my <num> birthday party .
a time when i was patient is when it was winter time and my cousin and i really wanted to go outside .
laughter is the key to every friendship i have .
the mood is lastly <caps> .
he began to feel discouraged when he passed the grape juice factory and he seriously believed this was the end for him .
the whole time i was thinking to myself .
<person> is in trouble .
computers have a positive effect on people because it lets family members stay in touch .
happy is one of the moods because there are many happy memories in the memoir .
i tend to see books just explaining things and using offensive words just to show how things were and to set a tone of the book .
they are always finding some way to be funny and annoying .
its been a year since we have started riding and still my brother has not yet roosted me .
for these reasons computers are what benefits society most .
reading is an extremely popular activity .
one problem was the law .
thats how the features affected the cyclist .
you can set up an email or a chatting account to talk with friends and family .
adults mostly use them for business .
no parent wants to see their kid over weight for many reasons .
all they worry about is winning the game .
over <num> hours to go on if it .
all the work the architects put in was for nothing because the mooring mast was never used .
<caps> hid in a bush .
it also helps to keep our link strong throughout the group of our friends .
i understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people .
attempted screams came out as muffled moans .
but it was worth the three hour wait .
i told her that some guys asked me if we have cars in <location> .
i said ill be patient till then and will not bug you about it .
<caps> looked closer and saw that <caps> was her sister .
the classroom was dead quiet <caps> could even hear a pen drop .
this is not what our <caps> <caps> envisioned <location> to become and they were right .
you can also customize your computer to your liking .
which cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body .
other they being bored all the time you can play thousands of game with just a click on a mouse .
the use of verbal and visual examples is the only way we learn who we are .
some people go to the libraries just for censorship .
the author creates a proud mood in the memoir .
she realized that many of the things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now .
the reasons being <num> .
music is another item that tends to get censored quite often .
for some its watching t .
the man told me to hold on when he was getting my candy .
the following are obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced .
another problem was that the winds were always changing and there was no way to keep the dirigibles from moving in the wind and it could be dangerous .
the author concluded this story for a internal adjust .
in my opinion we do not need computers .
another obstacle that the builders faced was that there was a law that prohibited airships to fly too low over urban areas .
when we look back we see that the <organization> censored and destroyed anything that went against them .
so <person> started to say bad things about my ex-boyfriend .
<person> suggested the original <caps> of <caps> .
thats how the authors mood was .
keep reading for one rest way .
the last paragraph is about the worst prank that me and my little brother have ever pulled .
we arrived back at my house and decided to put a movie in .
now where <num> hours this out and we were in <location> .
<person> of laughter once upon a time there once lived a girl named <person> .
when all the problems came together the idea of mooring dirigibles quietly disappeared .
clearly the builders faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the building .
did you know <percent> of kids go outside every day that means <percent> of kids are in side on the computer .
i think this because many people have different kinds of interests in many things they love doing .
this young boy put the book down on the hard floor and started to take off his clothes .
being patient con get you very far in life .
that was the time when i was patient .
<caps> was okay is if i left <caps> <caps> i replied okay <caps> was asleep for about half- an hour .
i would have to say that it was a very good ice breaker .
i have read the series <num> times and i am still reading them .
yes i believe that books should be removed if they have derogatory terms in there such as racial slurs disrespecting the race of any human etc .
at the end of the day teacher was very proud of me for being patient .
this is why i am thankful .
it dint look bad but with what we had bean in we dissuaded to be extra car full .
the mood is grateful because he gives thanks to his parents for .
so we waited for more deer to come in but none did .
they got us in as soon as they could but it felt like along time to me .
our small kittens <organization> and <person> race to their food and water .
in the meantime she called <person> to make sure we were telling the truth .
sometimes you need a brake you cant stay on the computer all the time .
it was so embarrassing everybody was looking at us .
this made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
was so that dirigibles can stop and refuel .
you can even communication with friends .
<caps> loved how his parents loved him back too .
people should wont to get out and interact .
<caps> smile faded quickly once i heard those rumors that spread through <caps> class like a disease .
many materials such as movies and music have negative ideas that teach children things they do not need to know or learn .
also the cool thing about a computer is that there are websites that let you talk to your friends that live near you .
there should be a certain age bookshelf that only certain aged people are aloud to look at .
he keeps up his determination we he sees the factory yet he moves on .
i ordered we a kids meal and it was good .
the author in this memoir created a mood that showed how <caps> felt about this house and his parents .
normally when someone takes offense to something they try to get rid of the thing offending them .
some people listen to certain types of music to calm their nerves down .
my third and final reason is that the computer allows us learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live on .
nothing offensive should be placed within a school library no matter how old the students are .
being stubborn is the opposite of seeking to understand .
the day was beautiful and full of happy faces .
the computer is perhaps the greatest form of <caps> the world has ever seen .
his first instincts was to use a perfectly good map that was up to date .
it smelled of fresh baked cookies with a hint of cinnamon .
when the cyclist finds the bait shop he has almost lost all hope .
lets say someone has what looks like a normal fever and you just say thats what they have .
he would never forget how his parents turned that simple house into a home .
i know that there are so many things that could offend people .
we would be able to talk in a chat room or on a game .
being patient is a very difficult thing to do .
we had been driving for about an hour when i let out a blood curdling scream .
when i look back <caps> realize how important that <date> was i can see that it was a perfect <caps> for everyone .
my mother is beginning to attempt the seemingly impossible .
he just explained how he was very thankful for how his parents raised him and the lessons that his parents taught him .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow the dirigibles to land there .
i kept waiting until my mom got there and we got the wires already out .
all that worked paid off because the next year he made the team .
book censorship limits knowledge .
but there is also the choice of books for research .
i cant imagine life without them .
the <caps> <caps> could be <num> years of <caps> to enter the room .
another reason will have to be that if a kid or someone under age rents a movie or there parents rent the movie .
i said ill show you .
in my perspective if you create a smile and you will receive three more .
community is also emphasized in this written work .
then i finally got there .
one time there was a huge .
thats the mood the author gave .
as we laid there he stuck his hand into my pants .
luckily he had faith and determined so he got through it and learned a lesion .
the first being as mentioned in paragraph <num> .
as she continued on her rant she became more and more mad which made us laugh harder and harder .
the first reason is computers teach hand eye coordination .
one of the obstacles was nature .
but i can understand the other side of the issue .
i know that when i was younger i used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for tests .
so i started cleaning .
they play it so much and it can mess up the <caps> and they can not focus in school .
i was really reluctant to even go over there that night .
this law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
<caps> means that if everyone took out books that they felt were personally offensive then there would be no books .
the teachers assign projects that include going on the computers and finding information all about your topic .
that is about the time i had to be patient on the <organization> for <num> hours straight .
wonderful moments that i will never forget .
he is saying that as the things around him began to change the more he got scared .
we told him the story and he started laughing too .
and then walk away and say <caps> <caps> <caps> to <caps> wait and be patient .
the great thing about you is you can find the information fast and easy .
over the years it has become harder to censor magazines .
well now its this advance machine called a computer .
that would lead to hundred of kids with on obesity problem .
these works they wish to condemn and banish are works of passion and labor .
today we have been going out for a year and three months .
parents will not want to walk into a <caps> with their children and find them starting at images that go against what they believe in .
many people want to go to places but they do not know what the place looks like or where it is .
the computer is a great source of entertainment .
nobody wants to look at something that offends them .
the might be so more this lands .
i have my eye on you .
they then began to laugh so hard which resulted in tears filling their eyes .
they all rely on trees to survive .
<caps> on it was cake time .
i was very nervous .
then they added two more floors to the top of the building .
<caps> like theres no tomorrow .
in my own opinion i think the setting is the most important part .
lots of people own these kinds of movies .
also love because he said i will never forget that house or it gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
also he had a caring family that did what they could to make his life easier for him .
the rough road was the time where he had to be really careful and not to exceed the speed limit .
the second problem was the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
<caps> left feeling like a good person because he was patient with the woman .
that day l learned that i have a lot more patience than i thought i did .
lastly computer make browsing all the latest news a .
it will also help us learn about new things because we can talk to people and they could give us some ideas on what to learn about .
one after school i was walking home with my friends from school .
then he made sure i was okay .
they keep coming up with more and more .
also the terrain he is riding is not the easiest .
i think that the computer has a good effect on people as well as it being a helpful piece of technology .
although health is a problem community is a bigger one .
how and why did he trust even in the first place .
most students use them every day .
the objects we are talking about are our entertainment it brings us joy and many smiles .
there is good thing about computers you can find anything you need look at stuff talk to family from far away .
the mood created by the author of the memoir is cozy and family oriented .
they always had there door open for friend and family and most of there friend would go over every night .
we are all very close and we do every thing together .
laughter has an unusual way of putting people in a good mood or relieving them of their bad moods .
by describing the hills as rolling it helps the reader imagine the obstacles he was going through .
limiting or censoring the mass media we have in our libraries would nearly empty them .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
one time i had to wait very patiently .
they keep the <organization> students reading and growing .
the issue of safety became apparent because most dirigibles made outside of the <location> were made with highly flammable hydrogen rather than helium .
without doing anything but sit back and lip sync .
my parents whet to a party of there own and we were staying at home all night by ourselves .
i would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas .
i started off by saying you go straight up here <caps> the my <caps> and the girls said honey you cant go straight up here .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
my whole life has had laughter in it to me anytime is laughter time .
most people are worried about their children reading the books that they find offensive .
they could help by giving the people choices of what is right and what is wrong .
it was a warm day and he needed to stay hydrated .
you need to relax and just take a brake .
sometimes if you laugh a lot you might be the happiest and funniest person anywhere .
all we need is a little more organization .
the laughter was as if it had been a blessing to our relation .
no one should say anything .
another obstacle is wind .
when <person> was born his dad was <num> years old .
they say you are involved with what you read .
i swear i got all of my exercise from <caps> with her .
<caps> i went to my room and got everything i would need for a sleepover .
he respected his parents and loved them for everything they have done for him .
if you find a book offensive it should be put off into a different section that tells you in head of time what books are in that section .
if you do not possess patience no one will want to be your friend .
this is why libraries should have more than one copy .
i remember as a child of seven or eight going to the library all the time with my mother .
the impossibility of the plan was realized for there were too many obstacles to face .
<caps> a tough decision to make especially when they <month> lose more than a few customers based on either choice .
the older kids were passing out candy while the toddlers were on the float .
the mother decides to plant the hibiscus in the garden to make her daughter happy .
it is my opinion that every book should have its own place on a shelf .
you can find them in libraries nation-wide .
i know i use the web to with almost every project i have .
people should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist .
that i forgot to order a game with it .
one time i had to be very patient when my family had to drive fourteen hours to get to <location> it was not fun .
on a computer all you can do is watch and even that is nothing compared to the real thing its just a snapshot of it .
laughter is necessary to survive in this crazy and beautiful world .
my parents knew i wanted to do a job to buy things what i wanted .
it even mentions in the passage that hes grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the man felt so afraid of <caps> the lady he was talking to might think of him .
a little part of me wanted to go to sleep but i also wanted to stay up .
i then had to be patient .
they are fantastic resource with endless information .
they help us contact distant family members .
she can not watch it by herself or she will get grounded .
they could choose to stay away from that sort of thing .
i recently visited <location> and in a rest every where the even had their laptop that they had to take everywhere with them .
i let him in and he took my by surprise with a big hug .
this makes it impossible for dirigibles to even approach the mass without being impaled by other buildings .
<caps> family did everything for love .
it got very difficult for me to make new friends every time i transferred to a new school .
i think computers have a positive effect on people because today you can do almost anything .
he considered his neighbors his family .
all those things i was just talking about come into my mind when i think of laughter .
<organization> <organization> was not a time when laughter was abundant in my life .
regardless of who is reading it .
the last sentence in this memoir i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
you might not want to go to the library to find a book you can just look it up in the computer .
you could use your computer .
my last reason is they were most grateful for their home and how their parent turned a house into a home .
the censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed .
one mood is happiness .
the future of transportation is a matter that any architect has discussed at one point .
i remember having a problem with my laptop and my crush knows everything about them .
you should always keep in touch with friends .
you need a good grade on a project .
<person> handed her phone to one person at a time and we all started to laugh again asking for <person> to send the picture to each of them .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips .
we looked at the two previous games that we had met the other team before and laughed .
<person> found that he enjoyed the doing the play very much and made a lot of friends .
paragraph <num> says the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
he loved them for selflessly coming to <location> just to give him a better life .
i hope i made you all realize what a computer is really <caps> for .
people sit on there butt all day .
the last man used <caps> be a comedian .
i walked into the big open room .
i think that we should be able to have books that are uncensored on the shelfs .
theres no way to use a computer without typing .
when <caps> tugged again <caps> fell into the current .
the conditions that the bicyclist faced that affected his trip were various amount of things that could really screw your ride up .
they tell him that they know a great shortcut which turns into the authors hardest ride ever .
when it comes to patience you have to be relax .
she wants to be able to handle the loss better .
eventually he reached the road sign which declared that going over 55 mph was a bad idea .
it was a lot of fun but it was getting dark fast so we moved faster until it was completely finished .
theres is a lot of things kids can do with their friends and families instead of using the computer .
me as well said mother walking up stairs toward her bed room .
the public <caps> is open for anybody to read a book .
as they tried to run away they tripped over themselves and started to roll all <caps> while they were being stung by the wasps .
again i had to question myself i could be patient enough one by one people were getting in .
she also spent <money> on a plant because it remind her of back at home .
there was a big snake in the road .
finally we got on the plane went back to camp and went to sleep .
one was the empire state building it <caps> .
finally we where done with the lines no more for a white .
in this piece the features were determined how the cyclist felt .
she would succeed in the spring .
the builders were faced with these obstacles but they were successful in completing their goal .
and same time is good to in a ship .
people stay on their computer for a non-stop amount of time .
i am also a cheerleader .
a few hours after my <caps> died .
soon enough they catch up with me and take me off my feet .
anybody who is a <caps> of a company has a laptop .
computers are fun and educational .
also <percent> as the teenage population in the <caps> .
laughter is what created what has been one of the most important relationships in my life thus far .
one time i was patient when my mom was on the phone with my dad for about at least <num> hours .
it always makes tense situations become relaxed and enjoyable .
the winds at the top of the building would constantly shift due to harsh and violent air currents and the back of the ship would constantly swing around .
i never knew what it felt like or how did it feel .
in conclusion there are many people that <month> or <month> not like the books or other things that they find offensive but every one has there opinion .
one thing i will never forget was my nickname from her chicken little .
and he wont forget it either .
we all ran to the ship and realized that there was a line .
that is just one way that advances in computer technology have affected people so far .
laughter has always held important meaning in my life .
this is why i believe libraries should not censor any of their materials .
most kids use computers to learn about things they are doing in class .
paragraph <num> has a feeling of caring .
this building of the mooring mast simply went from a dream to more of a way to win a record for the worlds tallest building .
the <caps> were getting tired though .
the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist .
i like all kinds of books from sports to sad emotional books .
this lack of exercise can lead to obesity .
that you will never meet in real life and wont socialize to the about there life and to hang out with .
let our <caps> not repeat itself .
they teach people about history and faraway places .
my family also believes that at my age right now i should not watch rated <caps> movies .
it puts a huge tall on you life .
being patient is hard work but usually pays off .
so then we had to take the game to <caps> <caps> and have them look at it .
if i find something offensive i try not to pay attention to it .
the last obstacle they had to over come was the gas they used inside the blimps .
theres no way you could be addicted to something if you have a limited <caps> it .
the happiest sound <caps> could ever hear .
before i could even blink i saw her sprinting out of the <caps> and screaming off the top of her lungs .
click turn off your computers and get out of your chair .
i think about <organization> and i running through the trees laughing and tripping over our own feet .
this book frankly makes me sick to the stomach .
but then i thought hey give the kid a chance he might just get it so i just kept on helping him .
there were many of times when i was patient .
these three main reasons prevented dirigibles from landing on top of the empire state building .
the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips .
after planting the hibiscus she watches the geese and understands that every year they change their habitat .
they were able to overcome that obstacle .
in this kind of setting you can run into dangerous creatures .
if they offend me then oh well that is my issue to deal with .
in my opinion no book should be censored from the library .
another way the mood was happiness is when the article said i learned the real definition of family .
being organized is very important it helps you keep a job or having everything on hand .
in some books its has some offensive stuff about <caps> that were stated by <caps> .
the most important function of the computer is education .
these materials people find offensive have no reason to be banned .
that is exactly what he does .
times that you can only have with a best friend .
the <caps> for example is just a book full of short stories that ties together .
books and music should be removed if not used for something that is in good use .
then he was done and the time was about <num> <caps> at night by now .
instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them .
the <organization> law even banned aircraft of any type flying so low .
every week in social studies we have to look up the presidents and i use my laptop for that .
the cyclist runs into some pretty tough challenges .
i know when i go i always find my style of music that appeals to me .
people have different opinions what one <month> find extremely offensive another <month> not care or even laugh at it .
the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit reflect upon the cyclist .
many fell under being able to let dirigibles dock there .
the builders then realized all the risks to docking dirigibles and abandoned the idea .
the winches and controlling machinery would be housed in the base of the shaft its self .
a great way to help encourage to join a sports team or a club .
the same way goes for a magazine also .
were going to see your grandparents for a few hours .
because all of the memories were good ones .
this book had language that i do not think would be suitable for others in some content that was in the novel .
she felt a sense of security in conclusion the author ended with that sentence because its a new beginning for her and that hibiscus means a new start .
the flower was too much of a memory .
i was patient once or twice .
the idea of dirigibles being able to dock at such an altitude to begin with was foolish .
and the hunting magazines just show that you can go out and shoot stuff .
all you need is a computer .
eventually the idea of a mooring mast for dirigibles at the top of the empire state building was scrapped .
my last reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it is efficient for work and they help the environment .
you can cut and paste pictures for a project you might have due .
movies are the same with music .
this would be dangerous if the dirigible lost control and harmed a pedestrian .
this is a very interesting quote .
but one day <organization> had a very bad day and when she tried to tell her new friends about it and apologized how she was acting .
eventually all information would come from what one would know before the books were banished and in time gone for good .
lastly we were suppose to do that five times and then sit back down in our chairs and do our math problems silently with out talking to anyone .
this shows how <caps> thanks his parents for loving cooking .
we should just keep them out of the libraries .
this can be a big problem .
my friend found a website with very detailed information for an essay .
thats what i use to speak to my <caps> who live in <location> .
he then goes on his bike to the park taking their shortcut .
he could only go <num> .
another way it improves hand-eye coordination is by learning to click and react to different things effectively .
those are all the reasons why i think computers are a good use .
the same goes for being told what you can and can not read .
a public library can but there are mostly adults there .
the word serenity gives the affect of calm and peace .
it is the right of any human to be able to go to a library and be able to read about any subject he or she wants .
which had helped to create a calm mellow feel .
the features affect the cyclist .
i told my brother and he called my dad .
he was lonely and my family wanted to be there for him .
they got about six to eight inches of snow .
even a simple thing like tying can build up this skill .
my dad had to sell stuff of his all the time to help pay off all the dept .
also you can get very fat .
they can be done only by the help of a computer .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
the builders have a hard time constructing the dirigibles .
laughter is just a great way to bond with people .
on my way there i made a quick pit-stop to the ladies room to make sure i still looked decent and then headed to class .
in the spring she will see the plant and remember her home which will help her not feel as homesick .
without computers everything would be so much harder .
out <caps> still being past waiting for them to come tomorrow or today .
these are all great ways of using the computer .
i listen to music all the time as long a i like the way it sounds .
there were many obstacles that the empire state buildings owner faced .
we really have fun together .
this would make it very difficult to control the dirigible .
and some people get offended by some books or movies .
everyone has books that they do not like or do not approve of .
my hold opinion on computers is .
he had me play the notes again and again and together .
i could have never have asked for anything better .
e-mailing is a good to talk so some one far away and its a lot faster than just regular old mailing .
also dreams can some true for people that never have the chance to follow <caps> .
also so when they are typing they wont have to keep looking down all the time .
no one would like that .
the reason i say this is because if you are on the computer <num> your life is passing by you .
most people that have computers can use them for e-mailing friends .
then my mom said <caps> look .
a good idea for them to do is to move all of them to an section for adults so the children will not be able to see them .
they went in the plane .
so she has to accept that she is here home and i think she is on her way to doing that .
laughing has such a huge impact on our lives .
time says that kids who spend time outside receive better grades than they would if they were inside on the computer .
by ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences .
we must prevent this at any way possible
after an hour and a half of waiting it started to rain .
this meant that the frame would have to be modified and strengthened .
they could go on the computer and tell their friend .
i had to show a lot of patience because my appointment got pushed back over two hours .
so i think computers are a huge benefit .
another obstacle was they would have to know the kind of weather because nature its self can take control .
this shows that <caps> is very happy with his household and his life that <caps> shares with all of his family .
first off computers are a positive thing because they can get almost anything done for you .
take for example your newspaper .
the author also sets a love filled <caps> because of how open his family was to other people .
of course me being sarcastic i said <caps> really .
and that is why laughter <caps> .
thats now it is with <caps> .
his and is friendship has grown tremendously .
the setting of this story greatly affected the cyclist .
to sensor a book from a teenager or child is just like more of an invitation to see whats inside of it .
one reason was safety .
builders fix this problem by making over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications .
this is no love story but he making me laugh broke the wall i had put up because i was shy and very uncomfortable .
the kind that pisses you off more than making you feel sympathetic .
all libraries check out books so the book is under a name .
i made sure my parents were not home when i watched it .
some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy .
with a computer you can .
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
the computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can <caps> stay in touch .
one name they called the dirigibles in the <date> was transportation of the future .
this actually means a situation that will came again that will help you to get what is needed out of it that you missed .
one of the greatest reasons the mooring mast was destined to be unable to fulfill its purpose was because of safety concerns .
our society could continue to greatly advance with the help <money> computers .
people are wasting their days away on the computer .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the mooring mast failed .
the magazines i read about aka seventeen magazine seem to comment about how beautiful these people .
the <caps> used it in the <caps> colonies during the <caps> <caps> to keep the colonists loyal to the crown .
i think that is one huge problem .
at that moment i knew we were going to be friends .
without even leaving your house .
it was just a bad day .
there was no one around that he could ask for help from .
say your child is going to be reading <organization> in <caps> class today .
a survey was set up by the <caps> foundation to see if students prefer computers over books and <percent> said yes .
because if you take out one you should take out all off them .
when he found the towns that they spoke of all he found was ghost towns .
just keep reading you never know how the story might go on .
art has had naked people in it for thousands of years .
most songs out are highly offensive and should be in a different section .
the author just loves to write and should not have to think of all the concerns that they should just not worry about .
find something your parents like to do and see if you like <caps> .
the buildings steel frame would have to be modified for the building to be able to withstand the mooring mast alone .
this is how i feel if my child picked up a bad vulnerable book .
another obstacle was that the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
having magazines shows whats new in the world and what is not .
you have no right to take that away from someone .
two summers ago i went to <location> and <location> .
remember its your own opinion about the book not everyone is different then you
it was taking a long time for them to cook .
as long as hes reading thats all that matters to them .
this is not tolerated but still it goes on through the world .
lastly i listened to music the rest of the time until they called <caps> name .
that took about <num> hour and a half .
freedom of religion includes how we interpret and study our religions .
there are many books out there that parents would not want there children reading .
the stud tilted to the side .
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit .
certain materials are too strong to be put in libraries .
by growing up in such a wonderful place he will always never forget how his parents turned his simple house into a home .
due to the mainly safety reasons the docking station for dirigibles was never built .
censorship of books based on the content should not be allowed in libraries .
my mom told me i had to be patient but i am not good at being patient .
i sometimes hate being patient .
please take this info your next .
one of the best ways are on the computer .
they have tons of games for kids and for adults too .
it was a normal sunny day in the country hills of <organization> .
one of my fellow students said that computers changed his life .
you are also going to miss out on the beauty of nature .
i believe books should be censored by content much like movies .
i once heard of an <caps> family complaining about a library because they removed a book about the <caps> religion .
they might be playing on educational game on the computers .
but i am true to myself .
i was thinking that i was about to be seriously injured because of the rocks below .
i had no choice but to wait .
censorship is like a modern day <caps> .
this causes him to become delighted much faster while he is on a short hit leading to no where .
imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them life would become much harder for the people living on this planet .
everyone in this world is different and we all like different things .
or new <caps> shows and music all be find .
is good to be in computer but not to long .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made .
this is shown by using symbols of geese and hibiscus together .
but the parents did make it to the united states .
let me tell <caps> of somethings that have happened to my lovely friend and i .
these were some of the obstacles the builders of the <organization> .
when they had finished hugging my mom calls out my name and i start walking toward her .
they can help save the environment .
on a computer you can communicate with friends and family members that live in other states .
they should not be taken items out of the libraries do to censorships .
you can learn about faraway places .
let me tell you about a good time i had laughing so hard i even started crying .
riding bike is really hard work when having to ride in hundred degree weather .
some might say that <caps> is unfair to that one group who does not agree with the content of a material .
it holds tons of great information .
the third reason they should keep materials is because everyone is entitled to their own opinion .
so that i would laugh more an <caps> felt good knowing that she was making fun of my laugh she was enjoying <caps> .
this obstacle was nature itself .
or were his parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people they considered family .
another reason why students should not spend all their time on the computer is because of their health .
there are easier solutions to this problem than having to remove the items from the shelves completely .
the conditions and features of the setting caused the cyclist to be tired and dehydrated and think that he was going to die from it .
i will be writing a true story in which laughter will be one important part .
there are many people who <month> actually want to read a book but never get chance just because it is censored from library .
having a wide range to select from would keep the guests always coming back for more .
try to see where they come from and there life style .
for example if you call someone across the world your phone bill will sky rocket .
this allows for guide and efficient research .
as a little kid you might not know what that is but all you have to do is pick up and read .
d should be asked for .
the builders of the empire state building had hopes of making this building a dock for dirigibles but were faced with several obstacles .
sometimes life can be so cruel .
music brings out the different moods in every body .
the greatest obstacle of all was nature itself .
fun help kids and help older people get together .
i believe that computers have good effects on people .
<person> had taught me how <caps> appreciate laughter at a time <caps> sorrow .
mom still not there .
<caps> are three examples how the cyclist had been affected due to the setting of the story .
my handle bar hit me in the lower rib cage .
the library is the only good place to find information or to find a book that they enjoy .
another obstacle that the builders faced when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building had to to with nature itself .
the man ordered his food and turned around to take a seat .
patience is about waiting for some thing .
then those figures add up then finally you struck out and its gone .
i think that is the purpose of the paragraph .
the rest <organization> her family still lives in <location> .
what seemed like such a small action would change my life drastically .
she had failed the driving test .
the hills also affected the cyclist by making him tired .
at first it wont be easy but its worth it in the long run .
they came to <location> for him to have a better life .
these architects had very little working for them and almost everything working against them .
in <caps> <num> it reads that over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to buildings frame work .
i recently received a <caps> .
that is all you have to do and then it will never bother you again .
people spend too much time on their computers .
this is because those books contain material that is not at all conducive to the young persons brain .
but books from before this practice began to happen <month> be found more offensive then books today .
the world is exposed to offensive material everyday .
there are also no places to stop for water .
they ran into a problem with nature itself .
time went past fast .
<month> his message be carried on for centuries .
the advantage in technology has provided many new ways for <caps> family and i to communicate with each other .
unless it is a closely grounded secret .
computers allow you to see people that you cant see otherwise .
although i do believe that people who find things offensive should just stay away from it .
also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends .
violent air currents .
once she can find familiarity in her surroundings she will feel more at home .
laughter is the true story behind human relationships worldwide .
we were waiting patiently for the doer to come closer .
i smiled and looked down at my note card and continued my speech .
as citizens of the <location> we can not let this happen to our great nation .
it was by far the biggest <caps> head that we have ever seen .
to their surprise they sow a bunch of little foot prints on the stairs leading to the freshly painted floor .
way too <month> people get away with way too many things in this day and age .
they say the things they do for a reason and they work hard to create the things they do .
these technological advances have given many people the general knowledge that they very well <month> need in any given situation .
<caps> must stop the madness men .
i hope you understand my point on this issue .
he even put rocks in his mouth to help his dehydration .
it is very easy to stay clear of any negative effects but it is your choice whether to do so or not .
so i <caps> to loosen up and have a good time .
he was very excited .
it can help you find long lost family .
<person> made the observation that most people would not think far enough to realize .
people should be going about to have fun get sunlight not staying at the computer all the time .
this is because of the strong and caring relationships talked about in the memoir .
one of the farm hands was walking the trail listening for a bell .
computers are excellent tools that could help students with work in school .
another thing that would back this up is when he talks about writing in his diary about the old men who gives him these direction .
i think that the mood created by the author was happiness .
it took me some time but i finally found my drama class .
everybody knows that .
during the first <num> minutes of class we glanced at each other a few times but we said nothing .
<caps> has always sweetened the mood so to say and always makes a good time a great time to remember or to a truly boring time to a lets go do something time .
once <caps> <caps> looked at the system they told us that they would have to take it and then look at it .
so either way it would not have been able to happen .
i guess i can be funny without even trying .
meeting and debates are held everyday to enhance the quality of our freedom and occasionally to gain more freedom .
we also go to the library to read the newest book of a series .
when i was about six my family decided to take a road trip along a <caps> coastline .
in paragraph <num> it says the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
no one forced the act on me .
the architects also needed to install housed elevators and stairs bring passengers down to the base floor and back up .
her expression made us all fall apart in peals of laughter .
thats life though and not everyone has th same outlook on it .
there were violent wind currents at the top of the building and the blimps were never very stable .
even though there is a chat on the computer it is nice to talk to your friends in person .
if some people see dead animals or bones they would think they could die .
in the essay rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit .
many books could teach the older generations how to leave a legacy for generations to come .
the <caps> reason that i think computers people to learn about new .
because the more they just sit around .
i know i wont let me kid read a book like that .
my brother came out to find out what was taking me so long and arrived to my body unconscious .
someone else is enjoying the book and the song could be what another person looks forward to everyday .
the last point i will make is that no information is bad information .
there for they cannot blame the place the material was at .
but i was waiting for her to be done .
when the kind lady checked us in we waiting in the x-ray waiting room .
computers help us with our education .
i hope i pass my driving test the first time just like i did the learners permit test .
we had so much fun .
people are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy .
children should not read or watch anything that are talking about drugs in a positive way .
its just a way of life .
they also are incredibly out of shape .
but thats why we have <organization> made .
machines are a very bad influence on people .
then there would not be any point in having libraries or in anyone writing books .
even if you take out offensive materials there still going to get them sooner or later no matter what you do
i feel movies should not be removed from the shelves .
the winds would be a major problem that the builders would have to face because it is so unpredictable .
as a student i often have a hard time finding meaningful literature in the school library because it is so censored .
if one person is pleased another is offended .
i love going though the books in the library you never know what to expect out a book
computers it the more advanced technology so its <caps> the people is using it .
so do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone
everything seemed normal for what felt like a second and then <person> explained the gut feeling i had when i was walking home from school that day .
at this time we were very happy that we went in the ice cold river to after this fish and we could not wait to get home and dry .
it offers and contributes many ideas and actions .
religion is also an example of why places should watch what they put on their shelves .
it was fuzzy thick and warm with a huge tiger on it .
society is a whole lot different then when parents were kids .
when the prince went on stage he called her name and she went on stage .
once again i looked at the t .
i have always told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing than i could have ever done .
next reason why computers are good to have is for jobs .
i thanked my dad and i wore my shoes the next day knowing my patience payed off .
the game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done .
he went on to get drafted by the <caps> in the <organization> draft .
would you want them to ask you questions about it so that they understand the difference between right and wrong .
he came to mine more often .
as we waited for our parents to come find us we looked at each other and said thank you .
he did have perseverance though he never gave up and that is what saved him .
that <percent> of people use the computer to chart with people .
most people not think so but there are many reasons why they are .
my family was planning a camping trip to go up <location> .
while doing this he and saves my parents money .
then my sisters come running down .
when a kids starts to hate his or her work .
the girl that was sitting next to me moved and sat next to <person> .
when kids are doing a project in school and the information they need is not in the class book they can search <caps> and <caps> saves time .
that was the way of life for them and the author was simply trying to show that to the reader .
in the story the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
the <caps> that <caps> sister an i went through that day was all over after the laughter <caps> father gave us .
computers can affect people in many ways .
the flowers in the greenhouse reminds her of where she grew up and her grandmother .
thus concluding a few of many obstacles in the way of landing dirigibles on the empire state building .
taking away certain reading materials is taking away the chance for a child to learn the things that are actually going on around them .
no we should not have to take certain things off of library shelves .
when we get out and interact with our friends we gain like communication teamwork and respect friend and family can teach you this with them the computer they cant .
hills and animals on the road slowed down the cyclist even more .
words like ramshackle and rusty .
my sister is the only person i trust with my secrets .
when we got to <location> we went on every ride in the park .
anyways <percent> of <location> is obese .
the boy was very happy because he always used to take things and now he can wait to use something to be happy .
computers help everyone a lot .
this all took patience in order to workout .
the cyclist said they saw a ghost town .
other then that they <caps> had to redesign and then make it .
they should not be out in the open for small children .
anger boiled in me .
this one time my boyfriend and i were laughing so hard .
we can learn <caps> that are going on from far away .
our home computers have been great at teaching me thing like hand-eye coordination .
this undeniable thankfulness is a large part of this memoir .
<organization> says out of his dumb brain of his we should go over there and throw rocks at those cars you guys .
i was relieved to hear her say those words and for her to not agree with what that group was saying about me .
the author concluded the passage with a very powerful statement .
the water tasted like acid battery .
we were casing the psychopath outside in the pitch-black dark .
i can just visit a whole bunch of educational websites on things i <month> have learned in school or wanted to learn .
these are the moods the author created in the memoir .
i would like to thank you for your time .
she told me to just be patient .
another obstacle was the stress the body frame at the building will receive if the dirigible was held by a single cable tether .
this is not what the author wants .
it is not a time to offend and be offended but a time to learn and move on
<caps> always made me feel so great .
because now a days all books have something that is bad for our mind .
the moods started off a bit shaky and very serious .
i ran out the auditorium doors .
this would cause the dirigible to swing around the building while it was docked .
i saw the front page talking about computer .
builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
in <caps> i had to stand in front of the class to give <caps> conclusion .
this was solved by spending over <money> in modifying the buildings frame work .
after that first point it went down hill we let them get the best of us and they won the set .
it says in the the mooring mast that at the top of the building winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
we made a boring moment fun .
today in society there are many things people have different views on .
<caps> dad explained that i needed to be safe around the river cause you can get swept away if you fall in .
taking these pieces out of libraries would not be fair to them .
computer very helpful when social life .
all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
well all of these websites are free .
another obstacle faced in this attempt was nature itself .
<caps> found out in two days the new location will open up .
<caps> his mood created by the author in the memoir .
we brought snacks and packed everything the day before .
they also need their kids to know the difference between right and wrong .
this means that builders had to work harder and figure out ways to get this to work .
people can get addicted to it so easily .
at this moment many sexual subjects are quite offensive to many and are viewed unacceptable to the younger generation .
she raised her sleepy eyed face .
so i think that it would be helpful to get all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things mite change .
the computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives .
so take them off the radio .
censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it shows a form of disobedience .
i told my dad to just be patient the food will be right out any minutes .
being patient gave me a chance to get ready for the puppies .
her parents were hardworking and supported her .
these are the stories about a time i was patient .
go lets recap on this paper .
these thing should have been brought to the builders attention with obstacles such as nature and lawbreaking are in play .
my parents had also moved from a different country to the united states .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
i believe that computers are an major impact on people .
take a book that refers to slavery and what they use to call black <caps> back then .
this makes reading the assignment easier for the student as well as the teacher .
the surgery took five hours .
but when they do move its to get something to eat or go get their phone .
it would never make it from the start .
the most important thing i think he talked about was how he learned to love in paragraph <num> .
everything that either i said or something she did was hilarious to me .
by meeting new people you have more connections in your life and more people to trust .
i cried almost everyday at <organization> with him .
and hydrogen is highly flammable .
computers also have the amazing ability to search the world wide web .
then the stress would be transmitted down to the foundation of the building .
finally they are a major waste of money .
one time i had to be patient was on my birthday .
i set it for six pm and now we are late .
i sat down and patiently waited for my mom .
to build this <caps> the architects would have to break laws or bend rules .
which made it illegal for an airship to ever tie up the the empire state building .
passionate music witch he adores today .
about <percent> of children are more attached to colorful objects than books with words in them .
they would tell other students rumors about innocent people and how gross and weird they were .
it was the most embarrassing moment that we had ever had .
the winds at the top would cause the dirigible to blow around and lead weights could not be used because of the dangers of them falling
once there was a lonely puppy .
and later that day i realized that we were both .
the have different website that play video of things that are funny .
there are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens .
some of them are not supposed to be looked at until an older age .
its too much of a pain to keep everything on files .
a material should not be taken off of a shelve just because one person is offended by it .
the mood created by the author is quite comforting and homey .
the dry and hills land is a huge factor for the main character .
in some cases reading and knowing certain things that are offensive to some people should be known to the world .
society needs computers in order to look up crucial information .
thats one thing that need to be changed in the libraries .
instead of being on the computer join a sports club .
then we walked back to my home because they had to leave and go home .
some people like country and some people like alternative .
also theres no where to get some water .
there are no friendships or communication with other countries .
but i just went with the flow and we went to the pack .
there is nothing offensive in this section and it should not be removed .
a time of gift giving and receiving .
they should not just off of what one person believes .
another important reason computers are a wonderful technology item is because they make it so easy to find needed information .
most other people around us probably would not even notice the small crinkle in the corner of our eyes or a slight smile .
computers are so much easier to use than books .
the builders of the empire state building were faced with many obstacles .
we got subway breakfast .
there are many fun and games that help you to be a better and healthier person while still having fun .
he had been riding his bike all day and he was soon going to run out of water .
it took about <num> minutes to grade the tests and five to give out the awards .
this is why i think the author concludes the story with this paragraph .
these are any a few problems the cyclist encountered .
i feel like the reason why children listen to music is that some time the track relate to them in a way that a other person would not understand .
get off that computer it is <time> .
one more thing that got in his way was the poisonous snake .
i was also concerned for my brother because he cant speak <caps> very well at all .
the cyclist feared many dangerous challenges in his journey .
she gains determination through the reminder of this .
the winds the top of the building were constantly changing due to violent wind currents .
i was already soaked from head to toe but we still kept playing .
they did not feel that they had the intellect to talk about science or anything like that .
the last reason is the most important to <percent> of <location> family .
you can explore any place you want with the click of a button .
offensive material can be anything someone wants to think of .
<person> and i created a black teddy <person> with a studded leather jacket .
the image of being cool and trying to fit in did not seem to work so much .
and all the doctor wanted to know is how i broke my foot .
there all of the sudden it moving like a sloth .
i had been in <caps> classes ever since i was in kindergarten at <organization> .
laughter can turn a bad day completely around .
i would sit there and do nothing .
go on a vacation get away with your family .
this is causing kids to become less active .
this makes the cyclist think all hope is lost .
he starts by going into detail about his culture of rich culinary skills .
that is the time i was patient .
it has grown extremely popular in chatting .
if they even succeeded in docking then the back of the dirigibles would shift and float around .
children should not see any of the content because it is not right for a child .
he said you are going to have to wait until i get the money .
one more detail about the mood is that he sounds very grateful for what his parents did and the hard choice they had to make about moving to <location> .
as we started heading farther down the hill it got skinnier with more brush .
another major worry was safety .
people write books all the time dealing with something that has happened in their lifetime or something from their imagination .
this shows how it could be potentially dangerous for the passengers of the dirigible to get off .
continuing on he reaches another building .
<person> ordered a burger and fries because he is not a seafood fan .
she walks by a store and recognize a plant from her home .
and as you can see i was rewarded .
the next town would have been in the <num> miles .
well as soon as she started to laugh at me i stop and glared at her .
it was scary but <caps> i got to the bottom the two of us were laughing uncontrollably .
the mood created by the author in this .
so by these examples you can see that the mood of the memoir is happy and joyful .
saying good bye to her parents and giving her a big hug .
some of the older people <month> think different and others they <month> think the same .
so think about it next time you walk into a library and you see something that you <caps> not think is right .
the child had to get a pair of special glasses so that he could see better .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
my coach told me to stay on the bench this game because i was the hard seen <caps> player on my team .
she will always love her grandma .
about one hour passed and only five people were called .
you cant just have a library all to yourself .
she is going to forget about failing the driving test and work to pass it in the spring .
this eliminates all that is heard about on-line interactions and activity gone bad .
<caps> the author said this because the girl left everything just to come to this country and she can not fail .
after we found the shoe we realized two hours went by .
i believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one .
this project is an example of a beneficial idea which was nearly impossible to execute .
without being weighted down the dirigibles would swivel around .
one time at the <caps> <caps> i was getting some arrows but no one was there to ring up my arrows .
the winds that high in the sky were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
this can also bad for future generations .
everyone has to be patient in there life just like <caps>
the mood created by the author was a very loving mood .
therefore i strongly advise not to take any books off the selves .
passengers could get off and on the dirigible safely by walking down a gangplank to the open platform .
which states that they were very welcoming and accepting people .
the law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
this would add stress to the buildings frame .
we look for classes to have together because we love to make each other laugh .
thats why chose quite and loving .
anyone who has a problem with something should just not read it and leave it alone .
get up and prevent the negative effects of computers .
winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i came up and grabbed my envelope .
thats when i met <location> .
the library wants to target all aspects of people .
he showed a lot of patience that day .
i was doing a water-depleting <num> .
another thing is he sounds sad cause he is thinking about memories .
the children also put their self in danger by joining a few different websites .
i asked him when i was going to get it .
at anytime about <num> billion are on some sort of electronic device .
censoring things can mess up the original message being brought to attention and anger many authors and musicians .
an example is when he talks about his parents .
according to the memoir the author was very happy with his life .
i hope you can see why we need computers .
the semester went by really fast .
censorship should be prohibited because knowledge and time is all we have and everyone must receive and give respect .
this delayed him and took time to cycle around .
i guess its not just the seafood that i like .
it was then that they told me we were going to the show .
eighteen year olds are adults who should be able to chose whatever they want .
you can also learn all you need to know on computers .
that night we ate <organization> .
<person> divulged into his story causing tension in the air .
i also went to <location> and check out all the wonderful cakes .
computers can help people with their homework and essays .
my last reason is that people are not .
religion is shown in these four types of form in these objects .
many features of the story effected the mood of the story .
but back in <location> time it was very commonly said and used in his society .
todays society is all about the freedom to allow anything to happen than is acceptable .
<caps> expressed the love his parents had by explaining their hard work as they experience financial and personal struggles .
people have always said that books can take you anywhere you want .
<percent> of the population of <location> said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen .
i believe they should make a section for each of the ages and age group .
to go to <location> .
but we were siting there for about <num> hours .
there is where all of the family will either become broke with no money or food .
not everything can be just peachy kin all the time .
the cyclist became very hot and thirsty from traveling in the desert .
one obstacle the builders had to face was the amount of wind that was blowing that high in the air .
the <organization> excuse for not having teachers teach <caps> to spell is that they should learn that from reading books everyday .
but he loved it there was and is good memories .
now a days <num> out of <num> people are over weight or obese .
the <num> day would be the hardest of there all .
we was quiet the whole way there i had is the story when i was very patient about going to <location> .
friends use computers to keep contact after grade school or if they do not live nearby .
in hospitals without computers people would be dieing every day .
this could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they <month> become violent or depressed .
you are just one person .
laughing is a healthy drug it affects you and other people for the best .
computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home .
i will remind you of the three reason why this is true .
it was early in the morning so the <location> heat had not yet set in completely .
books that have questionable content are being thrown out .
computers have a amount of knowledge instantly and also some opinions of things .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
<caps> line is tacking forever .
is a largely debated question .
studies show that computer games are <percent> better at preparing a child for school than textbooks and worksheets .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist by teasing him .
then theres my <date> <caps> .
also adults like to check websites for the news and to catch upon sports .
my first reason is when people get on the computer they find websites that others use .
you can send information from one computers to the other .
they give you access to an amazing amount of information .
people would not want to see that in their local library for their children to see .
another example was when my friend <person> wanted to learn about his culture and where his ancestors came from .
the adult movies are worse in every way .
people also can learn to have a personality because they in use .
it was three years ago in the middle of <date> and we were all sleeping outside under the stars .
skating can be fun in many ways .
<caps> how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because as the terrain got rougher things to the cyclist got harder .
i really think he should just do what he thinks is right and not listen to crazy old men anymore .
nature also restricted the building of a dock .
i am so glad we went on an old people <caps> <caps> club trip .
magazines can get pretty ugly sometimes .
so we all know that trust is a huge deal between two people or maybe even more .
for example you can play games .
books are a major factor in expressing the way one feels about a topic from romance to horror .
my <caps> and i waited in the line for about an hour .
also when the time comes they going to realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise .
someone of an extremist religion group could be going there to read on something of their religion .
she also taught me how to take care of him .
i laughed until i started to cry .
i would read a different story every week with a large group of kids in the community .
my body heat escaping rapidly like sand in the winds .
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face .
they looked like they had both seen a ghost .
<caps> also talks about how <caps> lived in a neighborhood with all the other immigrants from all over the world .
one problem they faced was that the dirigible landed on the roof would add stress to the buildings frame .
also throughout the whole memoir you can feel the happiness when he talks about eating dinner with all his family members and friends .
me and my best friend are complete opposite yet we became best <caps> over a simple joke in the locker room .
he then shows up an hour later with a couple gallons of gas .
another ride i waited for was the <caps> <caps> .
that light switch in <caps> body that causes <caps> brain to reach a state of uncontrollable happiness .
a quote proving this is .
that game teaches you words you probably never seen before .
music should not be censored .
with very little water it is hard to stay hydrated .
this started to trouble him .
i felt really amazing and awesome that how the new guy can be the leader of <caps> class .
<caps> the <caps> played it .
which was <caps> easy task .
so i told her shes my superhuman she was so happy that i came into her life she said i changed her whole life and she changed mine too .
another problem was the condition of the terrain .
video chatting lets you see someone and talk to them practically face to face from thousands of miles away .
everyone in the twenty first century uses a computer .
this happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer .
using computers is a great way to keep in touch with someone .
this is when the idea of adding a mooring mast to the top of the building was composed and the real problems arose .
this gives you a chance to discover <caps> people with the same interest as you .
censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic that has conflicting views .
taking away the art that some find offensive would not be fair to those who enjoy it .
so computers are unhealthy for people to have .
my mom was very happy and so was i .
books are used to entertain and even teach readers in certain aspects of life .
computers are a great way to communicate with others .
many people find this movie funny and entertaining .
the first problem was the frame of the building .
me and my group had to wait for everyone to get back to the bus .
<person> was hardly better .
the mood created by the author is a happy mood .
<caps> sweetie our tickets are for on <date> your <caps> going to have to be patient .
this is another reason why computers are bad .
the builders of the empire state building faced multiple obstacles and they attempted to allow dirigibles to dock .
they are in better moods throughout the <date> and affect people around them with their upbeat mood .
the mood is of kindness too because he thinks his parents are kind for letting anyone into their door .
we left the dog and squirrel and continued to the bank .
<caps> second reason that it teach hand eye coordination .
and i got to play football .
the first point went to us we went back and forth a ton in the final set .
so if parents censor the kids have been given a multitude of reasons to go against their parents wishes and read or listen to it anyway .
<person> took off all his pepperoni and was flinging it randomly in the air .
a comedy can be a <caps> .
this are some questions you might ask yourself .
when he asked about the double knot .
the last reason why we should have computer .
this tests his endurance even more as he has to maneuver down the hills while dehydrated and ready to collapse from exhaustion .
some parents <month> not even realize what their teenagers or little children are actually buying .
emailing helps things go faster as well as your computers .
though he was in a ghost town .
we were told it was irresponsible and child-like .
we laughed so hard i cried .
to be able to say that means you have some pretty amazing neighbors .
when we found out the time for the second flight we were shocked because we had to wait six hours for it to come in .
<caps> prefers not to know where her meat came from .
he had stated that my parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people we considered family .
just like how they have an adult and children section .
if we are to take the books off of the shelves at the libraries what do we do about the bible .
thats why they have so much different sections and selections to choose from .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
there are a lot of advantages to computers .
i woke up in the <time> feeling all hipped up and ready <caps> rock .
they even use it to get magazines for projects and to catch up on the world outside of school .
there were not many structures on the way .
they should be read the way that the author intended for <caps> to be read .
maybe you can find a special friend that you almost forgot about .
you want to do as you can so you have that at .
it hurts your ears and gives you a headache .
in my opinion i think that computers have a good affect on people .
the steel frame of the building would also have to be modified to accommodate the stress added by a moored dirigible .
sometimes people go to comedy clubs to go and see a stand up comedians .
going outside and getting fresh air .
finally a duelist named <caps> .
so it makes it possible for the dirigible to swivel around which is dangerous .
all the cultures in his neighborhood came together in unity and friendship .
i was very hungry and beginning to become worried about her .
the pond was nice in the fact that there was a smooth side walk that circulated all the way around the pond for my sister and i to <caps> on .
if every book that was found offensive was taken of a shelf we would soon have no books left .
i had to be patient and wait till his head went down so i could stand up and shoot it .
once upon a time i was at the doctor and it was very crowned it .
computers are the wall between inside and going outside in back at the world .
another problem builders faced was constructing the mast itself .
it seemed so unlikely that this task would be so fun .
i started to tap my fingers on the side of my leg .
as soon as we we walked the three mile walk to get to <person> house <location> realizes that he forgot his phone charger at my house .
if people on the computer but it can be teach kids and drugs .
and that is the only way you will win is by using teamwork .
many people have many different opinions on what should and should not be in libraries .
even if the dirigibles were tied up the back end would move around .
i will always be grateful to my parent for their love and sacrifice .
she bought a plant that reminds her of home .
this is where computers come in .
there also are times where i make others laugh until they cry .
we talked about life and how awesome the food was .
when they had the time to talk they talked about the good times that they had with one another and how much fun they had .
<person> was a boy he lived with his parents in a three-room apartment .
i use to be able to wait for anything .
no wait thats a lie <person> <caps> nature period .
music on the other hand could be thought of as different .
in this story it has a overall theme that everything will get better with time .
they are plenty people of the world that want to learn more on the topic .
just make some kind of label that says that there might be things in the movies or whatever item such as books and magazines also .
this is how to use mood correctly .
<caps> is saying that <caps> was so happy and lucky to have his parents as parents which is the main mood of the memoir .
the heat was getting to the cyclist and he was scared he might get heatstroke .
<caps> was happy for the simple house they had and was grateful .
but then it hit me .
she make tons of money .
<caps> is expressed by the family gathering a the dinner table more times that not .
but i think that is wrong .
if the back of the ship was dangling over the streets surrounding the empire state building there could be many safety hazards .
you can also talk to your friends on those websites to .
also i have encountered offensive behavior while reading a book that was said to be a wonderful book even for someone under the age of twelve .
she feels comforted by the return of the geese and budding of the hibiscus .
using them for homework and having the students take notes is a lot less difficult .
and then there is his siblings that live in different parts of the apartment .
a dirigible tethered to a mooring mast had the potential of wrapping around the mooring mast in the unpredictable winds .
when l was about to ask if we could go in a ten pointer came out of the woods to find something to eat .
the author has this as the final paragraph because it shows hope .
the features of the setting only drain the cyclists willpower .
the author chose to end their story with this paragraph because all of the stuff the actor has in the last paragraph represents something special in the characters eyes .
and that is how the author creates all the moods on the memoir .
those are the moods set by the author .
i said we should ride front row .
her helper teacher .
hope you enjoyed reading all about how they affect people .
she looked up to see many birds flying overhead and she realized that she has adapted to her life in <location> .
finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future .
formed the backdrop to life in our warm home .
it was here where i learned the definition of family .
the one advance that has stood out above the rest is the invention of the computer .
every little adventure we went on came back with a laugh and a huge story to tell are friends and family .
your family will help you get over any problem so that you can keep moving forward .
but when i am on the computer i can chat with them and have a fun time .
that is why it is wrong for someone to make decisions on what to watch or read for someone else .
they gave up their career and beloved country to move to <location> for her to have a better life .
this was soon done with the help of navy and government research .
she said there is no other reasonable explanation that we would laugh and laugh about nothing .
this is why an age limit would be helpful in keeping our youth modest .
computers are making this happen .
its like treating things like dirt .
they should have a a good development turds learning .
<caps> can i get a puppy .
the library would then become a place for mostly children .
<person> team is so good this year because of <person> patience with his team and his understanding of his players talents .
that she had already had complaints about the books and she was taking them off the shelfs .
i think it is an excellent thing to have .
people and much more .
or when he tells us that his first friend was his babysitter <person> who was his land lords daughter .
all of them you can communicate in different ways .
some features of the setting affected the cyclist .
but also you can play a lot of different games and also type on an notepad .
and it is also a great way to learn information on topics and places very far off .
some people think we should take books off the shelf that teach the kids our history .
i was doing a water-depleting 12 mph .
my laugh was high pitched <caps> muffled in my dads coat .
i tried getting her to eat but <caps> would only puke it back up .
i lost my patience yesterday and stormed off but today <caps> ready to work hard and keep my patience .
instead the person can go around this section of the library or they could not pay attention to the materials .
and the congregation of family and friends .
i thought is this <caps> .
i can relate censoring books to censoring people based on my own personal experience .
the author chose to end the story this way for several reasons .
it gets the reader thinking about what the authors purpose was .
this emphasizes the characters total lack of resources .
but because of all those good times we have had laughing .
i took pictures of me and my mom being funny .
by far i would <caps> to say that was my favorite and most adequately funniest parties i <caps> ever had .
parent want to let their children to learn much as possible .
this shows the effect the exposure to heat had on <num> cyclist .
i loved him so much .
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
sometimes it is very offensive and it is almost hidden from view and have to spend all day looking for it .
without knowing how to type you <month> not get any top class jobs .
while your fingers know what to do .
<person> found he already knew most of the people form doing the first play .
is is because technology is taking over their life and clouding their vision of the more important things life has to offer .
in the end they were not successful .
these difficult obstacles proved too difficult to overcome .
<percent> <organization> people now a days do not spend anytime with family and <percent> <organization> people use computers to interact with friends .
so i simply laughed .
there are many stories i could tell you about laughing with my cousin .
everyone has their own personal opinion on what they think is offensive .
i want to state a opinion on how computer effects people .
so people s jobs on computers working and learning .
i will run around the house for hours until a friend calls .
the biggest obstacle was that a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
this is the first year i have ever played a sport in high school and i am glad i did it because i am having so much fun .
ten minutes on computer searching the laws in <location> could have kept her in <location> .
we want to good guys to win .
and his family cooks together which he really appreciates and <caps> .
i hate when kids are tempted or forced to look at porn .
if people brought books off the shelves then what will the other people read .
i would comer water- a test at my inner spirit this showing that he was scared .
only <caps> can change a heart .
in the story it says the sun was beginning to beat down .
this quote shows that the mood was cheerful and calm .
anyone can go their .
people would get boring because they have no patience .
the greater reason was the issue of safety .
the winds there were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
it helps you learn all kinds of songs on your keyboard or piano .
if i had a problem with the restriction levels at the library i just would stop going .
they are out of date .
you can use it to find info .
they made it to the finals .
<caps> <caps> <caps> in to the schools office was a usual thing for me .
<caps> shocked me most was the smile that formed on my mothers lips .
on the website you can talk to your friends .
hibiscus is everything far her .
the obesity rate is higher than ever and people sitting on the computer all day is not helping .
that is the mood the author gave in this memoir .
well heres this people are starting to not want to ride their bikes anymore .
they could get into a lot more trouble then they want to get in .
that is what <caps> said yelling for five minutes straight .
i think there could be many changes in the library systems it is your choice if you want to change them or not
soon enough the time flew by and the <caps> .
explosive gases were not the only problem though .
imagine you are a mother with a young child who decided to wonder through the library .
in better words funny times <month> be in the past but there always in your memory to bring a smile to our faces .
the cyclists expedition was hindered due to many obstacles .
so if everyone of it have a effect on if to turn off their computers they would spent more time with friend and family .
this quote has a lot of meaning to a lot of of people .
you can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them .
there was no practical way to hold the back end of the dirigible .
so whenever we used to go outside he would bite our shoes .
when i read that last sentence of the whole memoir i understood what feeling the author was getting .
everyone knows that when someone thinks somethings funny they laugh .
we used them all day in pictures and everything .
<caps> she would say this we would look at each other and be back to rolling on the ground laughing .
well i believe that having computers around are good because .
a lot of people left so we ended up being in the front of the line .
<caps> last reason why computers are badly affecting society is that computers take time away from interacting with family and friends .
the author also shows his gratefulness again at the end of the passage .
so when it spring again and the hibiscus is fully bloomed that why she take the test again because she will feel more comfortable in and with her surroundings .
another type of games where you need guide-thinking to be able to win .
stay in one room doing the thing for books for a <caps> in a while people need fresh air .
look at what computers can do .
the man pushed himself and stopped thinking about water .
i went to <location> with a group of my cousins and their friends .
it has been amazing how computers help us so much .
even though movies are kind of different .
<caps> <caps> reenacts the situation and his wild sound effects encourage our laughter even more .
in this essay the setting plays a crucial impact on the cyclist .
sometimes your children has a better time understanding then you did at their age .
i felt something was wrong .
let people out to see what this world is like and its various types of art .
then we went to the water .
it felt like it had been three hours but it had only been fifteen minutes by the time we finally got home .
my face was beet red .
music is the same way .
its not up to us to make that choice .
i feel she ended it that way because it shows that she will persevere and not give up and try again
<person> had come to comfort me after she got wind of what happened .
architects and builders faced several obstacles when attempting to build the empire state building and allow dirigibles to dock there .
allowing dirigibles to dock at the empire state building caused many obstacles .
now people of all ages can use it for all different kinds of things .
the whole attempt to make a mooring mast slowly deteriorated because of all the obstacles .
having libraries censor things would make people feel left out .
they should not be removed from the shelves of the library .
they see stuff thats around them .
its quick easy and it works .
these are all the things that computers take away from people .
patient is when you are listening and tolerant of how someone feels .
but he keeps saying that <caps> are proof of aliens .
personally id prefer to go and do something rather than being stuck inside on a computer .
and we took off like a bird .
my <caps> was mad at <caps> cause i was so muddy so she send <caps> straight to the shower .
there once was a time when someone i knew was patient .
but when got there we got there it so worth the wait .
without the books and the videos the future will never know what happened .
some people can communicate through laughter and know what the other is feeling .
i think we need our computers .
i could drop from heat stroke another great quote showing how hot it really is where the cyclist is .
so at <time> the park was still closed and we were checked out i guess we can stay for the rest of the day .
the way <caps> talk tao people in person is not the same on line .
we have libraries for the sole purpose of variety what is the point in having a library if you cant find what you want because it has offended someone .
the reason why i say <num> is because at that age you should know whats right or wrong and you can handle it if is wrong .
everyone has the right to say how they feel and not get in trouble for it .
i had to wait patiently to get on .
censorship does not change the existence of that censored authors thoughts or the reality of what has occurred .
those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters .
it has to be decided how far is too far when removing objects from the shelves .
i feel like everyone should try new things .
there was this atmosphere of love and thankfulness in his life and that is expressed in this memoir .
when i got home my dad asked who brought me and i told him my sister went and got me and took me out to eat .
the ending used was meaningful and showed what the author was truly trying to convey
this is why i think we should have offensive material on the shelfs in libraries
also people have the advantage of learning about faraway places .
the project was a bad idea from the start .
i remember once i was trying out for a volleyball team .
every time my mother says that that crab grabbed right onto where it counts we all bust out laughing .
i went outside to go play some sports with my friends .
<caps> would pick my shirt off the floor hand it to me and then i would do the same thing all over again .
that boy now lives happy with <caps> mom in high school patiently moving along the end .
so we need to keep the books on the shelf and let people learn if not we could be in danger .
he made me smile and feel like i could con-core everything that came my way .
that is what i think the author tried to create in the memoir .
this begins a competition between the designers to see who will win the title of the tallest building .
this was because of the high wind speeds and of the sheer size of the dirigible .
my last frame i got up and picked the ball i wanted to use .
all of us looked up at <location> .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was love .
research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people .
if you will please continue on i would like to share with you my thoughts .
the problems that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were the issues of safety .
when i am at work and kids laugh it makes me feel better even if i am having the worst day ever .
laughter is the main connection between family and friends .
the computer has plenty information about a lot of different places in the world .
some people would leave because how many people where in there .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
this is important because a child could easily gain access to the offensive material .
you have another virus .
its so much easier than going out to the library and finding that information in a book .
libraries can contain very offensive things that can make a person sick to their stomachs .
last year it was the <num> .
what a great day it turned out to be .
the mood set in this home is friendly and inviting .
one time i was patient was when i was in science class taking a test .
she is now striving and working toward doing her best to become successful .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy .
another huge obstacle was safety .
they can have live video chats together .
<caps> said we should .
of course they should .
because you have to start your whole life over so you can get a job and provide for your family .
<caps> always been burning since the worlds been turning .
that day i experienced more laughter then ever before his jokes where original and true .
keeping in contact with important people or your friends is a good thing .
some kids will try and get around them so there is not helping them .
my bosses daughter is there and our crew leaders girlfriend .
the features of the desert changed the way the speaker thought about his journey .
of course i was crying now because i do not like baby food and to be in a highchair or be put in a diaper .
these games can teach us many skills .
the amount of laughter in this relationship of mine was clouding my judgment of the person underneath the humor .
our friendship was strong because of all the laughing and fun times together .
a computer <month> help people build skills now and for their own future .
last reason is that it tells us that she is and will be doing her best .
i <person> was the last one in line .
this is a story about patience .
sometimes those changes are good sometimes they are bad .
well computers can do that .
the building could potentially collapse with the added weight unless sixty thousand dollars worth of framework strengthening was made .
no one stopped him .
we laughed at some of our choices because of the reasons that we liked them .
i looked up to see the old pond at the bottom of the hill .
to so up so i had to be patient .
with just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology .
offensive things should be taken off for many reason that will be explained later on .
the rolling hills the cyclist had to get over most likely made him more fined and thirsty because he had to put more effort in to get over them .
it was a long ride .
so i think that there needs to be more careful eyes in the library staff to make sure that those kind of things will never happen again .
its time to decide if you agree with me that computers have positive effects on people .
the government has tried to rule out all causes of controversial opinions in hope that it would make for a happier society .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him thirsty and him thinking he is lost and going to die .
because sooner or later there wont be any trees left in the world and humans would became extinct for eternity .
they said <caps> everyone left they would give them to me .
and for some reason he said got you i said what i was so mad but i was happy when it was over .
my dad and brother did most of the work while us girls got ready .
saving money computer tell you where to get good prices to save money .
my speech was about uniforms in school and if i agreed with them or not .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
some <caps> have problems and some of the books can help them .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself .
thats the reason <caps> has taken these teaching to be the basis of his life .
those are obstacles the builders faced in the excerpt the mooring mast by <organization> .
this can also affect the way people lively .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
patience is an important thing to have .
i guess thats just how it is now a days .
most children are so amused by their own materials in the library they are not worried about the adult things .
her baby sitter became her first friend .
he is going on a journey on his bike .
also you can talk to them even if their in a different state .
my friends walked up to me and saw me in tears and asked me whats wrong and tried to find me someone new .
the only good part of the line was the shade .
tears began to pour out of <organization> eyes .
what there reading should <caps> have any effect on others unless they are reading <caps> also .
none of these books really seemed offensive .
the winds on top of the building are constantly shifting do to violent air current .
this is why computers are affecting every day people .
the computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise .
they should not be removed if found offensive to someone but not offensive to another .
while i was at the library there was a gigantic storm brewing .
i tried buying new clothes and changing my hair color .
there have been many times in my life in which laughter was the key ingredient .
that is key to having a good comedian in your circle of friends .
i was reading this book call my hood .
computers are taking over our life .
but she continued to slide .
the author created a mood of happiness and love .
i people spend too much time on the computer .
it is the people around you causing the offensive news .
made their slave through ignorance .
whenever i would meet him he would do something special for me and made me laugh .
hope to talk to you soon .
imagine what else could happen by staying of computers .
laughing is a magical feeling that goes through out your body and makes you feel warm inside .
another obstacle almost called the end of the mooring mast .
it took forever for us to get the bike out .
hes thanking them for making their simple house into a loving home .
there was also an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
as with some parents they have their own rules .
so we went down to the shop and got the skid steer out .
so the cyclist said he would stick to his trusty map .
i believe all books would be fine left on shelves .
a tremendous sign hovers on a wide oak shelf that borders the entire dining area .
but my dad said that well be trough soon and he told me for just watch the people on it go by and not talk .
i would have to say any book that teaches a lesson or helps a teacher should be used no matter the content in it .
<caps> people every day are getting less and less active because of computers .
this always made <location> jealous .
all of the contributing obstacles the builders faced made their dream of using the mooring mast for dirigibles unsuccessful .
these problems doomed the mooring mast project from the start .
she would take forever to get done cooking .
she said yeah its just down a couple of streets .
sometimes some people can be patience and some people cant be patient and which l am one of these people .
there is good ways of being funny and bad ways .
we protect each other from messing up are lives to much .
i do not think that things should be sheltered from libraries because sometimes it can get a point across to some people .
b we laugh about it all the time .
the frame of the building would have to be strengthened to accommodate the new situation .
no matter what a child or even teenager .
than i said something funny and we laughed the whole bus ride to school .
next he came to the fork and the town he came to had no water .
some individuals could argue with this belief by supporting the statement that it is not the governments position to decide what is considered offensive and what is not .
to me being patient was hard but i did it .
the architects had few problems .
with just one click you could actually be watching a movie from the comfort of your own home .
the last sentence in the memoir which says i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home .
it was around <num> so it was rush hour .
people are spending too much time on computers .
in the last sentence it stated that the author had said i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
if you bought a new computer and you got somebody can hack your computer and get all of the information from it .
the creek we were going to fish in was right behind her house .
the risk of the dirigible being caught on fire was very high .
it also effects him because he had an advantage .
the cyclist feels a growing desperation as the setting around him gets progressively move bleak .
you go against systems .
the rider says the sun was beginning to beat down .
that could easily start a fire with the wind .
i tell myself what am i forgetting .
when it comes to censorship in libraries i feel that all the books should be left on the selves .
dealing with wild life can also be an obstacle .
a little laughter can go a long way .
they all have different look and ideas .
go ahead get the explicit version of that rap song or sometimes it might already be bad enough .
i had to sit in a waiting room for almost ten hours in a very uncomfortable wooden chair with nothing to do .
something like that can cause people to be hospitalized and then the library will be sued .
but yes patience does take practice lots and lots of practice .
it would be a catastrophe .
and also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are .
next thing we knew the rail had broken and we fell .
sometimes people need some down time after all their homework is over with .
some minor obstacles were the frame and strength of the building .
it would become a new fad and people would find a problem with just about anything .
to set the empire state building apart from the <organization> decided to put a mooring mask for dirigibles .
<caps> come down and talk to your grand parents .
his parents came to <location> in a time of racial segregation .
being patient is understanding why it is taking a long time for something .
i strongly believe that books with offensive things should be pulled out the library .
the cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers .
it can mean to be understanding or it can mean to be tolerant .
my mom was looking at her watch .
people slowly remove themselves from reality and enter an alternate world of cyberspace .
battling with the harsh winds would also be a problem .
now theres something to look into .
some are more difficult than others and will have a greater impact on your life .
i started to get angry because we been here for a could of hours .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was admiration .
then at libraries there are also those books and magazines .
kids are living through computers and we can change them .
or a millions books based on the happiest things in life .
these <caps> cards allow the person to have access to adults materials depending on the kind of card the person has .
another one too small so he threw it back .
computers do have positive effects on people .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is that be proud and happy of who you are no matter what .
we both laughed harder than we have ever laughed in our lives .
one feature would be the terrain around him .
teenagers should be aloud to watch kid movies and teen movies .
this was the first obstacle which affected him .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
there are many different styles of literature and media in this world .
others <month> enjoy them .
the author of the story ends it with a very interesting paragraph .
it was almost her birth and she was so exited for this birthday because she was turning twelve .
in the excerpt the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles .
butt <date> i was going to cedar point and i count wait .
but if it is they cant watch it .
its good to be patient since i was patient the whole ride to my grandmas my mom was happy with me .
you have to be of age in order to take some of the readings home .
so to wrap this all up nice and sweet .
but then at last he came to a building that gave him relief and more confidence in himself .
this goes with reading as well .
however the generation under me will soon love them .
how would you feel if that was to happen to you .
but nobody had even thought of quitting .
this would be of good importance to me if you took my letter into .
computers are a wonderful household object to have that make life easier in many ways .
i tried my back flip .
the mood created by the author is loving because it talks about how generous and caring his family is .
and make everyday tasks simple .
then after an hour the storm stopped and <caps> were able to board the plane .
we sat their for <num> to <num> minutes but it seemed like an hour .
<num> out of <num> <caps> have at least two computers in the house for a reason .
that is one of the many times that laughing was a part in my life .
not every one has the guts to say something to the school .
they came out with the first group of peoples names who passed and their certificates .
books can be offensive sometimes it just depends on the writer .
also the winds made the whole thing very dangerous .
this can ruin relationship in and outside the family .
blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
we never all like the same thing .
censorship is meant to create a politically correct and non-offensive environment through the limitation of exposure to materials .
<caps> just having a hard time packing up i said .
they give him a sense of comfort .
they help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done .
because <organization> sells your info to businesses .
you cant be in an relationship or have a friendship with someone and not share laughter with them .
but when i got into high school my opinion of still playing on the high school volleyball team changed .
i have done this before .
but its not the same as spending quality time .
my brother decided that he want too take me on <caps> <caps> .
i think computers effect people in a positive way by helping them in positive ways .
it also helps the tension .
homework had <caps> been more fun .
then it was time to go see .
that is how the setting affect the cyclist .
there are many electronics that effect people .
that is why the movies should be censored .
we all started laughing .
i saved this kittens life with my cure for cancer .
friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person .
find the positives in what it brings instead of looking down on it .
this is because the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting so the back of the dirigible would swivel back and forth .
in my case laughter has fixed many problems like <caps> and always will .
oh yes he asked us if we wanted to start a <caps> line in the middle of the library .
one obstacle was the buildings flat roof .
in this quote i felt the mood which was love and the <caps> inquires it with his word choice .
most dirigibles used hydrogen which was highly flammable .
one day it was raining hard and i had nothing to do so i went on my computer and played minesweeper .
the last difficulty that the builders had was laws .
if there was strong air currents the dirigible would swivel around the mooring mast when it was docked .
peoples views about everything could be significantly different .
so if you see something offensive in a book or movie or outside .
it always is a terror that falls violently .
all the adult magazines should be with the adult reading books .
when we drive to <caps> i have to be patient .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
that book was one of the best selling books in the world .
if the society disagrees with the ideas of something the society will have it banned .
if everyone in this world opened their mind people would become more accepting of others .
i believe it can mean many different things for many different people .
i have learned that laughter is a top basis for any relationship .
technology has helped many people and still continues to .
it would be a lot easier than driving over to the persons house then driving driving all the way back .
its just sitting in front of a screen talking to people you <month> not even know too well .
dirigibles also started to use hydrogen gas rather than helium .
<person> had been experimenting around on a tricycle made specifically for children with disabilities .
overall i think that censorship should be allowed at high schools .
i had waited patiently all year counting down the days till <date> reading books and homework where almost done with for another year .
they cause conflicts in between one an another .
but what some people might not realize is that some of the things that they have at the library might be offensive towards certain people .
like when he rood through that ghost town .
one of my favorite options on the computer is that you can use it to navigate a certain location you want to go to .
times have changed though and the people in charge of our country no longer see it as an appropriate option .
this shows that it will be harder to build the mast than expected .
you can use this method for almost anywhere you want to go .
sometimes life can feel so cruel .
this took time and over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications hat to be made to the buildings frame work .
so yesterday i was talking to her about <person> .
these children act in ways that reflect what they have seen .
the mood was also happy because its a very happy story .
then she finally cooled down .
<person> told me to keep going she new where we were .
computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries .
over were of the hills he saw a building came in no view .
to have fun for example <caps> .
why they wrote it that certain way .
not yet <person> replied with a sound of fear in her voice .
they can relate to all different kinds of people .
the author also describes what the dirigible would do as an affect of the wind .
she has grown to her environment like a flower .
i think computers help people out because you can learn about at here thing like <caps> you want a job you can look it up in the computers .
that day was the worst day of my life .
we were just about to leave <location> when the light turns red .
laughter is something we all need and it keeps us going with the world and the duties we do all day because we get frustrated a lot of times .
we sat down at a table in a restaurant of the hotel .
they also search for addressed and phone number .
i just had a strong contempt for <caps> class .
when i was patient i had no fears no argument but i had a good deal .
some might find it offensive and others <month> not .
naval air station but eventually found the project too much to handle .
and you can not just go ahead and remove material that you think is offensive .
the dry desert affects the cyclist the most .
we all just heard really bad news .
this shows thankfulness because shes saying thank you to her parents and everything they have done for her .
last <caps> a good way to protect this country .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there in the <num> .
it was the <date> and my friend <person> was going to come home with <caps> .
the mood of this memoir is cozy in the beginning as he describes what his house was like and his own definition of family .
i was in the backstreet with their dog <caps> .
by having a computer you can boost your education .
this means it was difficult to land the dirigibles .
censoring one piece of literature opens the doors of debate for every other piece ever created .
books use words to display important parts of a story and our history .
this is how the mood created <organization> the author in the memoir .
we started practicing and trying to come up with something when suddenly we both fall .
you can slide in a <caps> and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it .
that they have not done anything to deserve this kind of mess that we put them through .
meanwhile after more laughs and fun things calmed down and we went back to watching <caps> .
it took a couple years for <person> to win his first <organization> championship .
just remember that if you agree or disagree .
they should take them off because they can teach young children the wrong things .
all he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game .
this is another great and useful step in our communities around the world .
you can be able to type well and very fast after a while and improve your eye sight by reading your writing or notes for a paper .
so whenever your patience is being tested keep your cool it will all come to you soon .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home
lets just say you forgot where a relatives house is you can easily type in your address and his address and easily get directions .
that takes the whole meaning out of a lot of things .
computer can anybody who uses it .
computers inspire people to learn and see different places and <month> lead them to something important one day .
doing <caps> when <caps> was easy you will also get a better grade .
the mood of this memoir was a comforting and happy mood .
either way there will be angry people and people that will be bursting with joy .
so again i waited patiently for us to leave .
he kept saying i know he is in there .
there are many obstacles that prevent it from happening .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
<caps> talks about how his neighborhood consisted of many races .
people can just not pick the book up and look for another book .
children will learn offensive things with or without books .
the book could be a interesting book all there is to do is try it .
also it lets people interact with people around the world .
one obstacle being the safety of the people below on the streets .
it was one of the best trips that my father ever took me on i liked it a lot .
we just cant get rid of them just like that .
i explained to her in the best of my ability the life of <caps> and <caps> this was important to me .
the same difficulty in the road .
if they have bad related books they should just make a different section in the library for them .
so next time your reading or watching something that is offending you .
patience is a virtue .
we walk around looking for the ride and more importantly he line .
another obstacle that the workers faced was nature its self .
think strongly on the things you do and the way you approach things to get peoples attention .
<person> was scared to answer the question but she had to be honest and said .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in an attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i was proud very proud at myself .
this exert from the test supports my previous statement about how its hot because the speaker tells us how hes sweating and that he might be seeing a mirage .
my third reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches people hand and eye coordination .
as the day progressed the sun was like a tanning booth .
i sure would and i think most other people would as well .
maybe if they are such a big concern they could do something else with them besides taking them out .
so the sun was able to effect him a couple of ways .
so you wont have to worry that you wont have enough money when you got there .
<person> asked watching every step .
she was the type of teacher that was strict when it came to where you sat in class .
<person> hated that name so she though to let self and she said <caps> <caps> i make them <caps> calling me that .
most people who find things offensive in a library are always looking at the bad side of the situation .
oh <caps> id given for that bottle to have been filled with <caps> .
my first reason to this situation is people will spend less time exercising which can lead to drowsiness or laziness if you stop exercising .
it could also help people find their <caps> .
there was me my mom and dad .
you can go now said <caps> teacher .
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday .
this proves that he is grateful .
with books for there age .
then after that when we had counted the circling tiles <caps> <num> minutes and noted that i remember them over <num> tiles .
the builders of the empire state building faced more problems than expected to .
in the days before computers we were isolated in our immediate area .
libraries are meant to provide information to people so i think thats all that they should have
they built a mooring mast which they planned to use to dock dirigibles .
they have improved our society .
many books are banned that address great problems of society .
being with your family is important because their fun go out with .
he called it a substance it had a flavor of battery acid .
you can make a walk of in the moons and just be yourself and be by yourself .
some parents might not want there kids to be exposed to this .
these people make up a lot of the bright side of <organization> .
profanity is words that are most times negative expressing anger and rudeness .
there are even systems now that let you say something and <caps> will appear on the screen .
that was another obstacle the builders had to overcome considering the foundation was eleven hundred feet below .
it was just too dangerous to attempt .
all of them were really funny .
there were some great obstacles for the dirigibles to be able to land and dock on the empire state building .
i got the next week to become best friends with <person> .
i knew that she was concerned for me .
immediately as i began to read i felt comforted by the author writing about the home and family .
shell be prepared because shell be adapted enough and shell have experienced enough just like the plant and the geese .
libraries need to learn more about there surroundings before they continue what they are doing .
there are several problems and risks that come with a computer .
these were a couple of the many obstacles faced while building the empire state building .
it was terrible for yelling at the student when you saw for the first time .
i think they are very great to have .
seeing her everyday during class made it harder for me to even be in there .
eight out of ten people talk to another person almost every day on the computer .
a plant called the winter hibiscus .
and to make things worse there was this annoying little boy talking to me about some food or something .
<caps> lead us to a little beach next to the water .
in this case computers are good .
<num> <caps> because i can use high leveled spells .
family to take time from away from us .
we just have to teach our kids what <caps> good and what <caps> <caps> .
<caps> dad found out about <caps> and he decided to try it out .
for a cyclist every thing becomes more serious .
i can see these questions flying through heads of great people .
i think what makes us so close and such good friends is how much we make each other laugh .
thats why the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show you if she is determined or not .
most people when on the computer tend to eat more <caps> are all well-known facts .
they came downstairs behind me .
people spend so much time on computers they lose touch with the outside world .
it is in that persons standpoint that they should realize and come to grips with freedom of speech .
people spend hours on computers talking to people .
not everyone finds these things offensive and they should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them .
i personally do believe that laughter is very important in any relationship .
<caps> grabs <caps> hand and walks me closer to <caps> friends .
she said not to look in the mirror but i did and it was grass .
one of these problems was the buildings frame .
some movies are okay to watch with your kids as long as its not over <num> .
we stood behind a little fallen over log that was there for awhile .
i think computers help a lot in life .
the back of a dirigible would swivel around and around the mooring mast .
the author talks about how thankful he is for his parents love and sacrifice .
i do not think they should have any completely inaccessible areas in libraries for children of younger ages .
its so much easier than telling a person that their .
with computers kids are rarely going outside .
she was able to make a connection with the plant .
not only the students but teachers too .
under the conditions he could barely survive and make it to his destination .
the builders would need more money to strengthen the building for the weight of the dirigibles .
the back of the dirigibles would then swivel which could very well be dangerous .
everyone person can think of something that we did not like or want to see .
parents who prefer their own children not to see or listen to certain materials have the right to censor the materials away from their children .
sweat pants <caps> baggy t-shirts .
i told him where he was and he went there with one of the cops while the other stayed with me while i was making a purchase .
the builders of the empire state building faced numerous problems dealing with the mooring mast .
well being patient is something you need in life .
one and only relationship i have ever had .
the answer is most likely going to be a yes .
some people do not like censored products because they feel it takes away from that particular thing .
when the teacher came back she told me thanks for being patient .
the author created many different moods in this memoir .
my stand is that computers hurt peoples .
many have it for entertainment purposes .
<person> talks about the immigrants in the area and how they come together with their different backgrounds .
time limits can fix this problem .
we cannot get rid of offensive books for the sake of the worlds past .
concluding the story that way showed the reader that she was adapting and learning to deal with a tough situation in a comforting way .
my parents stand me in my house as they use the computer .
half of the time the statues are of a naked person .
<caps> parenting children requires being firm and strictly reinforcing rules .
computers are really great sources for whatever you trying to do .
in conclusion i believe that is we are bad for society .
i told her what happened without a pause .
i feel from seeing and reading those things it has made me a better person not to do the bad things that they are doing .
we sat at <location> for almost two hours before my mom showed up with the <caps> .
finally everyone was done eating and they were going to let us kids go have our fun .
<caps> <person> got up everybody tried to tell him to sit down but all he did was ignore them .
if we can get people out of the office this could even push them towards nature .
now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else .
that is what starts all these things of people saying it is offensive .
as creepy as it <month> sound .
the mood of this memoir is happiness .
being able to keep track of everything in one computer is amazing .
there are some people who want to express their feelings with the whole world with people that understand and agree with what they feel .
he runs out of water .
also there is the television .
like this if you have a problem with the things around you such as taking offense to materials in the library and wonting them removed well sorry but no .
the possibilities <caps> computer allow you to do is research .
it could start a huge city fire .
the features in the story affect the cyclist by not having anything to drink .
just go on your computer and play some game or just find some activities you whole family could do .
if someone finds something offensive they should simply stay away from it .
<caps> can <caps> just go ride the skyscraper again i pleaded .
they are good because you can learn things educational .
the builders of the empire state building where faced with some obstacles in order to allow dirigibles to dock there .
that is the family love i am describing being selfless and loving to other members of your family .
the land with no features also creates a feeling of lost hope in the rider making his entire ordeal that much harder .
and those are my opinions why
so i waited in line until it was my turn .
those are some reasons that explain the features of the setting that affect the cyclist .
i then reached down into <caps> big red tackle box and pulled out a large worm .
but when i have to be i am .
as high as the empire state building was it was too close the public .
patience when a person is patient the can wait a thousand years for an answer .
there are different types of relationships you build with different people and laughter is almost always the number one way to keep it together .
the association of <organization> reported that in <percent> of <organization> used a website and of them <percent> were in good positions .
and thank you local newspapers .
first i would like to say that you can interact with family and friends .
i like fiction stories then nonfiction .
by <date> i had spent multiple weekends with <organization> .
the computer is excellent .
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everybody else .
the mood the author created was the friendliness of family and friendship between the family and how other people would join them into his family house .
that sums it up on .
not something they want to hear .
the obstacles that the builders went through was if a big dirigible was to go on top of the building it was add stress by weighing it down .
censorship is a major problem in the <location> .
people can learn new words they never knew about .
it should be that you must be seventeen to get anything rated <caps> .
i doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise .
these life of can also become dangerous .
in my experience as a computer engineer .
students would rather go on the computer .
there is this one joke i made up all by myself to cheer up <caps> friend <location> .
getting rid of a book because of an unhappy parent does nothing but waste paper and intelligence .
this means that you should look over your answers again and make sure you have it correct .
i agree with this statement wholeheartedly .
every person is different and likes an option to pick a book that they can get in to .
the main reason for a book to be censored in the first place is because someone finds in offensive .
i was stuck at the school .
only about once or twice though .
all he had to do is add a top or a hat to the building and that would make it even taller than any other building in the city .
when he would come over we would just sit around and talk about random stuff that popped into our heads .
i have read a book that contains sex and drugs .
once when i was reading a paper on that was making fun of my town that i grew up in .
<caps> stayed that way all afternoon .
i believe that computers are a great invention .
movies are going to be offensive to at least one thing all the time .
computers affect people in a positive way .
my dad went into a patient room-when my dad <caps> out he said and he was healthy .
patience is used every day .
i thank that all of the books and movies and more should not be censorship because people have a right to no what they what to no or see .
a second reason why the author created does mood because in the place were the author lived there were many different people from different places .
it should be held in a separate area if people do not wish to view this material they simply do not go in that area .
limit your time to a half hour a day .
this is how the setting features affected the cyclists .
patience in my words is to be able to wait along time for something and not angry and not raise your blood pressure .
eventually she did and i was very happy .
you can look up facts you need or even play games when your bored .
video chat is a great way to make new friends and still talk with your old friends .
without a doubt computers can put a single on everyones face with its entertainment benefits .
when we got there it was pack full of people .
there are a lot of offensive material in libraries .
after the house was all packed and our things where out we started to clean .
<person> best friend has been ignoring <person> because he got a <organization> computer .
in my class there was only <num> <num> graders while the rest were <num> .
being patient was a hard thing for me to overcome .
this could not of made his ride easier .
i think we should not get rid of any books that are in the library .
the setting has a major role for a cyclist .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a very serious way .
my main reasons of this argument are .
it was in this simple house .
here is another reason why you should have patience .
the main reason why the docks for dirigibles did not work was because of the law against airships .
there were three main obstacles in building a dock for dirigibles on top of the empire state building .
so if you put all of that together .
but its like i said everyone has their own opinion .
hand-eye coordination is used from day to day everyday .
paragraph nine states a thousand-foot dirigible- held by a single cable tether would add stress to the buildings frame .
she is ready to try the <caps> test again .
laughter is the biggest connection we have with each other .
there is not a person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others .
man that was quick .
my best friend and i share a special bond in which laughing has played a large role in keeping us together .
i asked my mom if she would buy me a drink because of how thirsty was but she said she only had a credit card .
computers save time and does a lot of work .
this was how the the features and setting affects him in many ways .
not read or listen to things that can hurt someones inner feelings
if your parents are out and wont let you get out you can still talk to your friends .
the architects had engineers and such working on it .
<caps> <date> <caps> my brother graduated <caps> year it was a great time in our lives .
they just want something to read .
this led them to subsequently face more obstacles as their plan expanded .
i think computers have a very positive effect on people .
level ratings help the parents know what the kids are getting into .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigible to dock there were many and at the end the dock could not happen .
although the computer is fun and interesting you will have people around you the wisher to spend time with you .
there are many obstacles faced because of letting the dirigibles dock at the empire state building .
at that point we were up <num> and the coaches took out all the starters for the whole second half .
magazines <month> also have words or images in them that someone could take the wrong way .
they might really like the book or whatever it is .
<caps> lets you meet new people without having to tell them who you are .
i say that there should be no library censoring .
he then began to feel relieved that he could get water .
too much time in front of the computer will also take <caps> toll on your eyes .
we did a bunch of random things to get past the time .
first of all if your always on the computer your not going to get up and go outside for a little because it wont be important to you .
this was not a good sign .
i quietly and quickly walked out of the room making sure to have my bag in hand .
i want to go home i managed to sniffle .
these features made dehydration a more keen possibility .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly .
for example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information .
learning about pregnancy make them think how that women got pregnant with a child .
take for example a book about <person> .
i had a boyfriend that i could laugh with all day everyday and thats what kept our relationship together .
the <caps> of this story is that happiness can be created and kept in one place .
he learn that just because they are old and looks wise they have information probably older than the artifacts at a museum .
i was the picky aunt .
then all of a sudden my cousin came to <organization> and surprised me .
such features of his surroundings played a large part in the authors change in mood .
children have their own selection of books and movies .
<caps> replied with a really confused face walking out of the room .
if everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social .
when a song artist comes up with a song there is a reason for why they put what they do in their songs .
i lucked out big time because we have to take our shoes off when we play on the mats .
books are essential part of life .
the dirigible could burn up fall down and people would die below .
<caps> back some of <caps> best friendships were brought up through laughter .
it is incredibly difficult to imagine the entire country having the same moral opinions on our entertainment .
about four out of every ten people that are stressed are stressed out because of their computers .
you can also learn sports and games .
something that they want to express by telling raping .
i feel like now even that seven years have gone by it never gets old when we bust out laughing .
there was nothing insight for the cyclist to see .
her sister was not as patient as <caps> was waiting .
libraries have all kinds of people walking in and out everyday .
<person> chased <person> across the yard .
it worked and we played much better by having fun and being relaxed .
we all got to know each other quite quickly because we all loved the joys of laughing .
i believe that everyone should have the option of finding the book or movie of their choice .
he is also very happy and proud about how he has great parents and a great house and very very fund memories of all these things .
in the end he was very relieved he found a fishing spot with a bathroom and fresh water .
the couple would obtained a better connection to .
some parents <month> not agree with some of the material .
had a nice mean <person> them out and they went to <organization> lets to get food .
every book should be in the library
nature was another big problem .
in turn that would make me happy which is important .
some books are <caps> for kids to read .
<caps> might be the way someone has said something or the way they meant <caps> by .
if you have kids you risk your relationship with them .
<caps> looked like a great horse that listened to its rider .
no one got the hose that time .
it took a lot of work .
i stayed outside for about <num> min .
yelled my baby cousin <person> from across the room .
we were siting there waiting for the food .
they can the wanted with one click .
when my mom and i were siting in the deer blind she was getting her crossbow ready for when a deer came .
the ways physically is the setting is hot and rough and the cyclist would have lack of water and food supplies .
i told him i had accidentally overheard his conversation so then he started to laugh .
censorship in libraries is a big argument today .
he had been drinking he water regularly but the temperature was rising .
those are just some of the many reasons why computer help <caps> .
my best gal friend and i were expecting these three boys to join us all week .
so we called a animal expert and asked .
the libraries are organized into section by categories of books .
the author ended the story in such an inspiring way because it strengthens the theme .
i believe that we should not have the right to be able to do this .
set it up for only your friends to see .
if someone found them offensive i would have never got to hear how good they were .
she was the rebel one out of all of us by the way .
it was long but i was patient and stuck through it .
com and search any topic at any time .
that is how the settings of the story play role in the cyclist epidemic .
books are another good resource if used correctly .
people are just getting to fat from sitting and doing nothing all day .
<caps> have been that kid that just did not feel like helping your nagging parent out .
these are some good pros .
i went on a computer went on <caps> .
in the next paragraph i will talk about magazines .
we arrived at the hatchery and we began by feeding some fish they have out in a pond .
as you can see laptops and computers are great for learning of foreign countries .
we laughed for a long time .
this modification would take lots of effort and planning .
<organization> looked around and saw another one .
the first thing i am going to talk to you about is how it is bad .
we have to put an end to it or find some source of censorship for these library resources .
the empire state building was very high so it got really windy .
the last obstacle why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
what is the first thing that comes to mind when i you hear computers .
i know the benefits of laughter .
computers and the <caps> were a technological break through .
the library is open to any and or everybody .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
society was different then .
we were watching a baseball game that was on commercial break one night .
computers are needed to help people learn in our society .
some of the movies and books people find offensive can be pretty bad and say nasty things and stuff like that .
after that was taken care of the builders still had other problems .
another reason is because the road turned into hills which made him use more energy .
every age would be bothered by this .
i wanted my party to come sooner .
the author explains how the house was very comfortable for him .
some books are categorized by the age level they are intended for .
we need to be able to ask someone a quick question .
but when i was done i felt really good and quiet for everyone else .
this is saying that you need to have a solid amount of support to hold a dirigible .
<percent> of <caps> kids are overweight and that is unhealthy .
always try to laugh here and there and you will do just fine in life no matter how screwed up life is at that moment when you laugh .
these sites are useful for catching up with friends you might not have seen in years or continue a conversation from <num> minutes ago .
i had left it at my house when i was rushing to get to school .
a few weeks ago my neighbor really needed a break from her <num> year old daughter <caps> .
emails are an example of this .
this is why computers are so helpful because they give <caps> a way to research other places around the globe .
a time when i was patient .
another example is when ever i watch <caps> .
to quickly and simply get your news from around the world you can visit a website and lock at hundreds of stories at the click of a button .
<person> is the reason why there is an <caps> sticker on <caps> that contain offensive lyrics .
a recent poll shows that <percent> of people in nursing homes who learn how to use the computer have much better brain function .
i frolicked through the meadow like i was a radiant fox chasing after its pray .
<caps> came to realize that it was an exceptionally good joke and began laughing along with the rest of us .
plus i get lost because they leave me .
so i always try and tell my boyfriend that with out making it sound the wrong way .
dirigibles need a large area to land .
this is my opinion of the statement .
we got in the lot and i knew for sure that i was going to have more patients .
my grandma says to not to moving and till see him soon .
my grades were good i had <num> .
with the loss of the tip off our team was quickly put under pressure .
com <percent> of people visiting a new country .
i said sounding a little sarcastic and hoping to start a conversation .
my dad rushed over to get the pole and started reaching as fast as he could .
one day on a stormy night i had gone to the wood shed to get some wood .
we need to solve this issue before more <caps> make the switch from nature to computers .
my first reason why people should spend less time on their computer is people could get sick .
children get hurt from doing <caps> .
then we started a new project the next day that was simple .
the loving and respectful mood created by the author makes me think of my family .
so when he got home to pick us up .
the unpredictable winds meant the dirigibles could be blown into a building at any point .
these are good standard that keep the youth from seeing what they are not yet ready for .
my best friend just sat there and listened until my voice grew softer and my fists unclenched .
its like he forgot we were even <caps> the reason why i think computes should be in the state of <location> .
one time he took me and my friend <person> out .
i believe i expressed my opinion to the fullest .
i slammed my palm against my chest and pretended to cry .
the only water he could pump from the pump was scalding hot and tasted acidic .
until when i was finally to tired to stop .
she will take that drivers test then .
they were incredible two story oak made houses that look like they could take a tornado coming out with only scratches .
that affected him because he would have been more exhausted from peddling .
i met <person> big fat smile and we both just rolled over laughing not being able to help ourselves .
also he is grateful for how they always made him safe .
when a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer .
next thing i knew my mouth was agape .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
he is very close to me .
i was waiting in a long line to get in .
i told him that was going to catch a turtle and that was final .
if i had to say what mood this author created i would say happiness .
this is usually where people will claim that the law protects their freedom of speech .
and we all got our hair done .
libraries should be censored so that way everyone can enjoy themselves .
please take this letter into consideration .
adults are affected just as much and just as easily .
laughter brings the world together in a way that cannot be put into words .
people miss out on enjoying nature or interacting with friends and family .
my sister and i ran to the back of the line where me and our parents were .
they also had to have wenches and control machinery for the dirigible mooring .
another obstacle was faced when the mast was taken in consideration .
everyone has different point of view .
if i wanted to go to a far away place like <location> .
<num> scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school .
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people .
the sound of laughter is as unique as the sound of crying .
one of these things we had to get a video of was one of us playing rock paper scissors with a stranger .
there was even a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
computers can take away your social life and you never do go out and meet people and friends .
theres offensive material everywhere .
neither practical nor safe .
i will sometimes listen to rap music but i would never allow my kids to listen to the uncensored version .
she said it was <caps> .
it helps you to not look down .
so the cyclist is most likely begin to feel dizzy and begins to loose hope .
just because it is found offensive by some does not mean it is offensive to all .
this only made us laugh harder .
i think i should start with my blond moments first seems how thats my natural hair color .
think of what not having a censor on the libraries can cause .
it is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate .
i believe the author adds this passage to the story to represent determination and <location> .
all of these reasons are why the mooring dock never came to life on top of the empire state building .
finally in paragraph <num> the author explains how he learned the true definition of family .
so my friend <person> decided in watch movies on the <caps> .
for example the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building flat roof .
<caps> told him i said hello and he asked if i was really there and <person> said yes .
probably enough to last us another week or so .
we did what they told us to do .
one of them will be about exercising .
they do this hundreds of a day .
the structure of the dirigible and the fact that it was lighter than air was crucial to understand .
this could be a big threat to the nearby pedestrians .
he setting made the cyclist feel lonely .
you have to think of the effects of whats going to happen to the child later in life .
it also proves that she is going to be positive and not let disc overage her .
children need to be slowly and gently introduced to these concepts so they can fully understand them .
it was a very hot and sticky <date> day and cedar point was packed .
<caps> a round the world have asked this or been asked this question .
even if you are to have a high endurance .
this was also due to the fact that the blimp would only be tethered in the front .
computers give us a way to communicate with long distance friends and family .
they where also lucky that they where going to have a better life .
although i <caps> a good relationship with my <caps> the relationship with my <caps> has always been a silent and guarded one because we <caps> been unsuccessful in bringing humor to the relationship .
my plan never happened because <person> ended up not moving thankfully .
even though this <month> be true there are other way you can do this .
and then a little after the our food was done .
another obstacle was the fact that the dirigibles were filled with hydrogen .
you can spread your imagination with the games you can play .
computers change all that .
now i was real angry because she had not even called since we was gone .
<caps> dad laughed at <caps> stubbornness .
wow i never know patience would be <caps> hard to explain .
it should not be censored .
offensive materials in libraries should not be taken off of the shelves because of their content .
but this time at home .
patience is important in life .
he started to talk loud to me when teacher was explaining something to us and it got me into trouble for talking with him .
the third problem was that there was a law in place .
i told her to continue .
get out of the gloomy house and go out to see my friends .
this shows he is extremely determined .
but the line had gotten way longer <caps> i ran in the line .
i bet most of the students in this world would say to keep them on the shelves because they like to read and look at pictures .
i lost <num> pounds by just swimming for a month .
<caps> can make it better .
laughing is one of the best things that people can do together to make a connection .
another factor were the wind currents .
another huge surprise was the lines about <num> girls were lined up at the front doors of the <caps> oak music <person> .
that formed the backdrop to life in our warm home .
i want to help the world not hide from their pain but just to realize life can take a twisted turn and still end up being alright .
truly this is a good thing to let people use .
magazines are a bad thing for teens and children to be looking at and reading .
all of that set a very happy backdrop for the family .
this hurt me because that book was one of my favorite books to read .
so for his birthday i decided an getting him a computer .
laughter makes you forget your worries and problems .
all and all the dirigibles ran into a lot of people .
except for one thing that she quickly recognized .
some of the people that ride skateboards i laugh at because the way they skate .
my arms and leg which had previously felt like solid pipes of lead lightened considerably .
after the wild adventure we had i needed something to cool down my hands fast cause they were burning .
this shows that the speaker was creating a tone of gratefulness
the last mood i thought was happy .
all of these obstacles made the transportations a failure and as a result the use of the mast had disappeared .
the effects that computers have on people are really something you should thank god for .
i finished <num> books called the sisterhood of the traveling saints i finished the last two books .
before i knew it we were already on minute <num> .
laughter can always keep you out of fights no matter what .
i agree with this because the computer can teach people things .
but now they want movies or music .
i was thinking that if they did that they would be the only ones to go to the library because it is only there choice and not everyones .
there should be a certain age when a child reads or sees certain things .
one reason to ban censorship in historical events is because it would create a loss of information .
the laughter in <caps> <caps> are so many elements in a persons life that are important .
we laughed for a little while until it was our turn to get some food .
the story with this paragraph symbolizing a new beginning about to take place .
the things that people will read in books or magazines and see in movies is nothing compared to what they will see in the real world .
i could not believe what was before my eyes .
one more obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
in that case they have a very high chance of being very offensive towards the person or group they are talking about .
so he had no energy because of dehydration .
that was one of her traditions with it .
arriving in <caps> was peculiar because i was so far out of my comfort zone .
using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world .
to stop yet another generation from messing up their lives taking the materials off is the best solution .
no one should be judged by which sex they like .
he feels that this sight is troubling .
he describes in good detail all the sacrifices his parents made for him .
it told me <location> was located in <location> .
so should the libraries but every thing the people like read it .
this was all due to someones thoughts and ideas tickling my funny bone .
this created quite a spectacle of a bunch of linemen trying to be wide receivers .
spending sixty thousand on modification to moor mast on the <organization> for the safe dock of dirigibles .
computers are great for work .
i helped <person> get up off of the ground and then we all continued our journey to the pool .
you could always try that .
computers can teach you a lot .
i believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people .
your relationships will grow stronger if you find things in common to laugh about .
you might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you .
<caps> is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family .
sitting out on the front porch in a wooden rocking chair .
when am i going to get my food .
<caps> about what society would be like .
this shows that he has a genuine appreciation for what they did .
another reason as to why computers are so helpful to society is that they are tools that help us to keep in touch with others .
computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people .
i need that suit to go to my conference .
we gave each other hugs .
although there were many problems to this idea .
the author also uses that paragraph at the end to show a sense of release .
you can get directions off a computer .
she had gotten a lot of clothes from people .
so i started to sing the never ending song .
the builders had a real hard time with this construction of the morning mast .
they had us wait for a very long time .
its also bad because kids read it and start doing what they say in the magazine .
the easy access to the library is part of the problem .
until this one day came she called and <num> was kind of busy because there were people over are house .
this is my first reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people .
<caps> the people we have sent to <organization> they have a family here and i have heard of them using computers to talk to them because they miss them .
it <month> not seem like much but it takes some stress off your shoulders if you have a good time and kick some giggles .
that is what could happen if a blimp tried to tether to the building .
also people used books to study for the book is going to be read and then going to be tested on .
these are many different ways on how the mood was created by the author in the memoir .
as long as <caps> okay to watch or lesson to .
thank you for your time .
her clear skin has a tint of olive green .
me and my friend waited a long time .
many people might say we could all just write it out .
the girl seemed thoroughly pleased with his answer and asked him when his next shift was .
that takes a lot of time and energy .
in the florists shops she sees plants that she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood worth .
it hurt so bad but i was patient through all of it .
what <month> be offensive to one person <month> not be to another .
censorship should only be used if a person is too young to understand why or what is happening when they say a bad word or do something confusing .
<person> and i were no exception to this .
the crowd soon began to realize what was going on .
i had such a great time while i was in <location> .
the thing is our relationship started off with us laughing and joking around .
one was complaining how the farm books never get messed with .
so why not sell it or rent it out .
it has made our society different in many ways .
more and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life .
in <caps> <num> <caps> says there is no way to express my gratitude for the spirit of generosity and impressed upon me and the demonstration of how important family and friends are .
why should books or other such ideas but lets get back to the subject .
this quote shows that for one this dirigible would need to find a proper landing area .
this round we could not bowl like we normally do .
the many features of the setting affected the cyclist in many different ways .
the architects came in contact with many problems .
not everyone believes in the same ideas .
but there are some songs out there that people feel they can relate to so they actually listen to what the song is saying .
computers can be time consuming .
computers keep children inside all day .
i feel that the people at the library are lazy personally .
people who love animals and like to study animals should go out and get fresh air watch the animals study them .
you said that you feel sick and there is nothing wrong with you .
they can open a whole new world to learn and be entertained but also a world of inappropriate items .
from somewhere inside i could hear my other friend <person> laughing .
there are a couple of obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
in a family <location> it is kind <location> hard not to .
i hope something i write will propose my reasons .
we should have rights to take off books on the children side .
laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
i think this a very important skill .
s required the use of hydrogen .
we went inside and i went right in front of the heater to warm up while my grandma was making hot chocolate for all of us .
<person> rode his bike all around <caps> that day .
i also have to say that some people make a big deal about a subject like this .
as i walked back to the locker room i glanced around the massive gym .
the <caps> will always be thankful to her parents for that reason .
it made me feel as if i was there .
the greatest obstacle to a successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
i eventually fell asleep .
so i hope you take my opinion in consideration .
it helps me think what i am going and calms me down .
some other times we would make coffee so that we could stay up longer .
she was taking forever .
i wonder if some books on endangered species of fish .
the teacher was getting very indignant and impatient with the class .
above a densely populated area .
there were both at work and were not able to come and get me <caps> the day groaned on i became more and more anxious .
removing things from the shelves of libraries is sometimes needed .
limiting our libraries shelves is unthinkable .
honestly some people are more mature than others and grow up faster .
another obstacle the builders faced was forceful winds .
the man was waiting in the water up to his chest collecting their items and trying to deal with his upside down boat .
he had no more water and there was rough roads ahead of him and he came across a juice factory .
if you want to learn another language you can learn an entire language on your computer .
this way you can save money and trees .
hip <caps> is one of the most explicit kinds of music and is very offensive to all kinds of religion and some race of people .
now there are good parts about the computer you can find things you need and you can check travel sites etc .
i step on the ice and wait patiently for the puck to come <caps> way .
taking books or anything off the shelf because someone felt that it did not go with their certain morals or beliefs is against the writers freedom of speech .
these things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer .
this is the most important reason of all .
in libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather bad things people always feel welcome there .
computers help us to find information <caps> we needed .
no one wants their identity stolen <caps> <date> some <caps> up ad .
we attend the <organization> .
people need them for research and projects .
but you have very handwriting and you cant do it on paper you will have to use word or a writing program on <caps> computer .
their conversation caught my attention and held it .
one more set and we would win it .
it just means they have different beliefs .
computers are helping society become more and more lazy .
when we arrived my dad had to check in after that we sat down .
<caps> me and my <caps> do not like that .
some company joined to make one together .
children who have been secluded should learn that curse words are a part of reality also .
if the navy could fix these obstacles then the dirigible would be a good idea .
i am a dancer at <organization> of dance .
i have just realized that you can pretty much do anything you want on a computer .
the government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you .
what some people do not understand is that reading those things are a part of life .
no one person has the right to dictate what should and should not be in libraries .
the people that are checking them out should be mature and responsible enough to know if they find the contents offensive .
well i think the mood of the story is great .
i personally think laughing helps express the mood you are in .
after the game we all go and party at <caps> <caps> house to celebrate a big win .
emotions that you cant describe .
some people <month> like certain kinds of books and movies while others <month> not .
these dirigibles contained highly flammable hydrogen .
this caused him to lose hope and at some points he thought he was going to die .
at higher elevation the wind is much more powerful .
<organization> are great because you keep in touch with you family and friends .
usually kids will start asking about more adult things when the hit the age <caps> and up .
another reason that are using and want to learn more .
she was always right by my side through my parents divorce .
the library should be more strict on the material that the people in the library look at on a day to day basis .
the bad part was we were pretty much at the end of it .
more people need to interact with friends instead of going on their computer .
we must show people just how bad the computer really is .
i mean everyone has the right to know about what is going on or what happened years and years ago .
there were some guys in the other lane that we new staring at us .
so read my reasons and by the end i hope i made my point .
i think the paragraph provides a feeling of hopefulness which is way the author concluded the story the way they did .
now a days their are a lot more shier people who are scared to <organization> people and be friend .
all that we have to do is take away the computer .
i was only in elementary school and had already developed the habit of making myself sick so i could go home .
so that morning she left me with the kids for <num> hours .
and like any new school i was having a hard time connecting on a social level with my peers .
my last argument for this is a heads up for the parents .
i was on <organization> and my brothers team .
nowadays it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay home and take care of the house while men work outside of the home .
i answered fast but not knowing the reason why she was calling .
the snow melting away represents all the hardship she faced in the previous year .
with our library being censored i do not feel that the public library should be .
and i will know about computers and man what to do .
this quote explains welcoming people people creating the mood .
another reasons why its good is that you can talk to your friends from the computer .
right when i opened the door he began cracking up laughing at my for a couple of minutes .
that was the time i felt that laughter is very important and brought me closer with the people i love .
my mom is very patient .
there are plenty of people that would like to have access to that information or entertainment .
all the road was hills and rough .
those are all the reasons why i think books with curse words should not be handed out to little kids .
also talking about how people would eat dinner with <person> family .
computers <caps> learning by let vast of information being available .
those parents should just step up and be more strict about what their child can and cannot read .
i got most things done and in a matter of time .
<caps> is not honorable to take the life of a beast with <caps> back turned .
he said sometimes life can be so cruel .
these types of books are read for the purpose of entertainment and not meant to harm or offend anybody .
there are new additions daily .
here is a short example .
why take that magic away from children
simply try telling other people about better books they can read and nicer movies to watch .
the librarian should listen to the parent and then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it .
the author states the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
i personally think that is good for most kids .
<caps> first reason is that you will need to use a computer in everyday life .
well are lives without computers can be bad .
people that say they are helpful are just using that as excuse .
magazines are different because they have peoples faces on the front cover which is uncalled for .
if you go into a music store you will find many different types of music from rap to blue grass .
a way you can find out with your family come from is use a website to find where your family comes from .
they can also talk about if they want to go some fun .
in the memoir the author obviously seems to be grateful and thankful because he states it multiple times in the passage .
i would only go on for a little bit to talk to your friends .
this can improve our travel .
these kind of game also bring people to dangerous .
the third and final obstacle they faced was the law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
like tennis for example in tennis you have to develop hand-eye coordination in order to hit the ball .
computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you stare at one for too long .
its the right thing to do .
one obstacle was the winds .
all of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend <person> .
she left at <time> and me and my sister just ate breakfast now we are going to go swimming .
that is the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that are way to extreme for us at the age of ten .
in <num> grade i hit my wrist in a door and a wall .
maybe laughter is the cure for anything .
you will realize that their are more than you would believe .
the biker was taking an unfamiliar route and he let himself believe he would die .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting because of the violent air currents .
there are probably hundreds if not thousands of websites on this subject .
this happened almost every day for us .
if people wish to express themselves by reeding it then they have that right .
it is amazing how fast information can travel from the world wide web to your computer .
for the interacting with friends and family you can do that i mean how long can a person look at a computer screen .
<person> five correct <person> explains everything about his home that made him who he is today .
how are we suppose to teach history without telling the whole story .
then with drinks in hand we will continue to have a great night of unknown comical amusements .
confidently i approached my second turn .
if something is so inappropriate or offensive then it should be removed .
when my mom got done she sat right next to me and we waited .
people find most movies offending but neither are movies made up of how people feel about it .
in an airplane waiting area you be patient for the plane to land and get ready for departure .
a second obstacle that they faced was that the elevation of the building was <caps> high that there were strong wind currents .
but meeting new people can also be good .
that <caps> without computers it will be different .
the more we laughed together the more closer i felt to him and comfortable i was around him .
the features are just not right and and they could be changed around a little bit and still have about the same meaning of the essay .
the book was published so there must have been a good reason behind it .
just <date> we had to type a prompt up on vending machines in our <organization> .
my brothers and i got along but were never really close to one another .
<caps> was holding a folded piece of paper in her hand .
every school year i wait patiently for <date> vacation .
<person> skips off to the woods .
also if you forgot to write down your homework theres a website to lookup all the homework you have .
it also gives the sense of family .
censorship in libraries has been an issue among communities for as long as literature has been around .
i said it was fun i made people laugh .
and i was going to have to be patient .
being able to play games for free on your computer is awesome .
my cousin is patient so when i tell her to wait and be patient she will wait as long as she want .
but something was very different about him .
so i did the same exact thing i did at practice .
dirigibles is an old word for blimps .
i agree that some things should not be displayed on shelves at libraries .
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she is giving herself hope on passing her test .
what they did was a much more courageous thing that i could have ever done .
in the story rough road ahead the author takes a trail he had previously heard about .
some of the material found <month> be offensive to a certain person but that does not cancel out the rest of the book and mark it as being wrong .
its peaceful because you can just picture the admiration in his voice when he talks about his family .
first thing they encounter is ghost town .
one of his friends saw me laughing and he thought i was laughing at him .
that could get together for dinner and a lot more .
problems can be easily solved if they are dealt with in the correct manner .
her name is <person> .
i remember my freshman year when i was on the soccer team when we played against the bull dogs in <location> .
while telling them to taste the rainbow .
also most have been in sex education class .
if we did not have this ability we will not be able to know what is going on around the world .
another fifteen minutes passed .
i now recognize that i have changed so much over these few months .
it is just something in our world that we have to live with
the bulky front door opened and closed again followed by footsteps coming up to my room .
the builders of the empire state building had to overcome many obstacles so the dirigibles could safely dock at the top to refuel or repair .
<caps> need to make changes to what they do during the .
in conclusion i strongly believe that these materials should be left on the shelf .
we were so loud i thought the people in the class below us would hear us for sure .
she had asked for some chopsticks and the <caps> made us wait for <num> minutes for chopsticks .
also kids can get obese witch is already a greatly growing process .
censorship can eliminate many varieties of reading materials that people can learn from and enjoy .
but other people consider laughter being a reason that distances two people from each other .
magazines about how we sex and kill each other .
my mom was patient when she did get if her money that day .
i now see a deer about <num> yard away and shoot <caps> so my patience pays off
he even saw a snake .
the <caps> of <caps> gives everyone the right to speak what is on their mind .
on the up side i love that ride now .
while this was going on <person> had no idea what the problem was or why we were screaming .
it was like waiting for a pig to fly .
it can be also be when you steal and say its yours .
she refused to let us go outside until we ate breakfast .
the music styles of modern teenagers greatly differs from that of their grandparents .
and then <caps> hugged me .
scientist did a study on how people communicate .
the builders of the empire state building faced a myriad of obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the hibiscus reminds her of home because at her home there are similar plants .
so a collision was inevitable .
then after awhile of that it was dinner time and my mom told us to get off and come eat .
i left the house feeling a bit tired but great .
let me tell you babies are a lot of work and you need a lot of patience with them .
doing this would be cost-effective and adding a age limit in the adult section so no noisy children could get into there would be nice .
family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
computers made these things much easier for people to accomplish .
laughter is the beauty of a persons voice .
just like my friends and i .
computers have proven to be a big role in job profiles all over the world .
if people really want to find something that is inappropriate they can find it somewhere else .
the builders and architects of the empire state building faced many problems trying to dock dirigibles at the top .
just <caps> playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves .
removing the material might frustrate and offend the author or other readers .
one of my favorite sports is softball .
kids spend to much time on computers .
sometimes you see offensive material in movies or books .
we were both excited because <caps> dad would be the only one there .
i knew how our world is always talked about being so melancholy <caps> i think people forget moments like this .
you thought he was <num> years old but he was not .
taking it off the shelves for kids is what i think is the right thing to do but not adults .
never will someone have to pay to gain a drop of laughter .
if <caps> is messy .
his abnormality was taking a toll on the family .
eventually we started talking to each other over the phone .
this is another law that says citizens are allowed to think <caps> they will of anything .
well i am always patient .
my last reason is that now you can be on the computer and still interact with family and friends .
but <caps> she started to cry my dad started hopping on one foot and held the other then he fell on his butt .
i went through the hole deal of raising money for my school and he said he was not interested .
just thinking about <caps> i first knew i loved him makes me laugh .
then it would be terrible and a crisis to the people .
also i believe we all have a right to believe what we want to believe .
music is passion to most people .
i almost peed my pants when i read that .
magazines can also be educational .
<person> tell her well learn how to control the in .
reading that book should let you see how that child grew up .
use hydrogen which is highly flammable .
all in all it was a very good time to gather my thoughts and renew my soul .
so he was out of water and was going to be thirsty .
think about it your child could be out getting in trouble or be nice and safe at home playing on the computer .
you never know what topic <month> pop up in school you could always benefit from checking on mother nature .
music and movies have ratings which tell you how strong the language is on the cases .
<date> was the day i met him .
they choose to modify the frame and strengthen it as well .
using a computer for studying is a very good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier but their is on even greater one .
most dirigibles from outside the <location> used hydrogen rather than helium and hydrogen is very <caps> .
<caps> took a while for another <num> hours to pass and i was about to scream .
a concern i have of the computer is that people are becoming to addicted to computers .
hydrogen is highly flammable .
in making this huge building there were many obstacles .
no one leaves a family member out .
we all have a dish we cook and end up with part of that dish on me or whoever dares to enter the kitchen when i am cooking .
the only noise you hear is a little sputter of a laugh coming out of someones mouth every thirty seconds or so .
should have some type of censorship .
like example they can read load and also they can do the same book with others words .
this is just one example of laughter and how much <caps> <caps> change or affect a situation .
we ran around cars and into stores and had a stupendous time being absolute fools .
girls and boys laughing with me as we raced to the buses .
its just not the right way to handle things .
being patient with my teachers .
it also says that there was always a feeling of love and happiness in the air which sometimes pushed them through the hard times that they faced .
the builders of the empire state building faced two obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
my grandpa is a great man and i look up to him for many things in my life .
the route had in some places no buildings at all to see making the cyclist loss hope of his need for water .
we that of turning around .
it takes a long time to do this process and sometimes you half to do this a couple times for each leaf .
by using led weights to weigh down the back of the blimp would be neither practical nor safe hanging high above pedestrians .
not one please or thank you were said as we walked away .
computers are a great way to get up-to-date information about the world .
the mood created by the author in .
experiencing all of that sadness again will only make her stronger .
<caps> she rush out the <caps> left us there while go get us something to eat <caps> we clean up while .
he was a waterfall .
a laughing moment where you laughed so hard you farted and milk came out of your friends nose .
every local library or school library should be taking action in doing this for their community .
<num> i had to wait to get to a hotel .
i believe that the world is benefiting from the advances in technology today .
regularly joined our table .
if you video chatted you should definitely know to be nice and not be rude .
and during training he got hit in the stomach .
we do not need movies like this in our public library .
the law stated that airships flying to low over urban areas was prohibited .
failing a test especially a driving test stinks .
now it was time for the final <caps> .
we need a ladies costume <caps> .
that is why computers have a negative affect on people when their face is glued to a computer .
no late fees and no waiting lists .
i though <caps> would be hard <caps> i made <caps> through .
the setting also made the cyclist thirsty because of the extreme heat .
and <caps> he loves his family and friends .
they solved this easily by creating a stronger exoskeleton .
making jokes or just talking about funny stuff and laughing with people can make conversations comfortable and lets people see your true self .
on <date> we went to the flea market and it was huge .
magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time .
when we walked inside we noticed how crowded it seemed to be that day as we waited for a table .
laughing is something that can always break the ice .
so censorship is not the best idea anyone could think of .
kids think that the computers will teach you everything well there wrong because things on the computer can be made up .
after all this time i finally knew .
my third reason is that it help adult connect to different places at the world .
it is an extraordinary event .
since no one is the same what someone might not find appealing can be amazing thing to another person .
this shows that he appreciates his parents passing on their cooking skills .
they gather around and starts laughing .
<caps> effect of this is a world full of people who sit on the computer all day eating food and gaining weight .
that would be a negative .
thats what matters .
you need this to live your life .
the main reason is there is always going to be conflict between <num> or more groups of people .
this technology can help you more than it can hurt you .
i should of be patient the whole day and maybe i would of participated in all the games .
such as the rated <caps> movies or books that are inappropriate for young children .
another good thing about computers is they are good at teaching people hand-eye coordination .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced .
and the other reason were most dirigibles from outside of the united states use hydrogen rather then helium .
now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored .
knowing that they would do the same for us .
it has helped he get threw some rough and difficult times .
computers have greatly advanced society and technology .
this quote means that his parents mood was careful and do anything for people if they needed help .
<caps> said in a perky voice .
for some you do have to be a certain age and that is because of the offensive material .
this shows that they care for one another contributes to the mood by showing love and warmth towards another person .
theres always strong and dangerous winds on top of the building .
to prove to someone that you are of age to have access to offensive material you should have to show some sort of identification proving it .
as i stated most people are becoming more and more lazy these days because all they have to do to have fun is sit and do little movement .
one way is for school .
i still remember when i first seen her in <caps> .
computers <month> cause you to isolate yourself .
give us money so we can go buy thing that we like .
if people removes them so people wont come back to that libraries .
my third is when somebody new joins the team .
although hand-eye coordination is mainly taught through the powers of the computer .
i also believe that violence is the worst thing to be influenced by .
he talks about how he is grace full .
having hand-eye coordination is important because were in <date> everything goes around by computer and cell phones .
this statement represents adjusting to change .
they could be the new form of transportation and appeared to have no flaws .
i think it is a positive thing for children to know about the past .
it was our new story <caps> tell everyone and we were both proud of it .
maybe they might go out somewhere to have two together like lake or six flags .
experimenting is self contained .
the world is suffering because people are neglecting to pick up their trash and to try to stop <organization> .
another minor issue was making the whole construction look decorative .
she had walked into a flower store to see if they sold the hibiscus that she had seen .
then a light started coming our way .
i modeled after her likes and dislikes .
she had always dreamed to be a princess .
i know this from experience .
sometimes i wonder why people laugh .
one difficulty that they had was that the mooring mast nature it self .
we all walked in to the hotel .
on the computer there are videos that show us new yoga move and other ways to lose those extra pounds you gained over the days .
i think i have an idea <caps> <person> as we walk away from his house .
to this very day people have become very addicted to computers .
so that is why you should have patience .
everyone was leaving and right before i could call my dad he was already outside the door .
we were having such a good time we were all just laughing and have the greatest time .
when shes willing and able she will take the test again with more confidence .
he led us to a little room then left .
the children were dressed up in animal costumes .
the next obstacle builders faced was public safety .
the can teach people many new and exciting things they did not know .
you cant tell them what books should be one the shelf and what cant be on the shelf .
every individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting subjects .
another reason would be because people would want to see the funny things that people invent that actually make the shows .
a major problem was nature itself .
this is because when you get a computer having better hand-eye coordination will teach you how to type better and more quick .
not too long after i moved i got reconnected with some old friends of mine that i have known since the second grade when i lived here before .
all he does is play on the computer all day long .
this cost over <money> worth of modifications to be made to the framework .
after that i always began to tell myself that i had a horrible voice and i knew <caps> was the reason why the crowd at the <organization> laughed at me .
maybe a minute later there is a suicide bombing that you might like to know about or the stock might go up one-hundred points or go down one-hundred points .
the influences one encounters can be either positive or negative .
the essay takes place in the early summer .
this is a monumental obstacle because safety and other issues would prohibit the mast from fulfilling its duties .
<num> out of <percent> of <caps> family members and friends agree with <caps> mom .
also it shows how the in the other places are and how people have in deal with all of that .
this is how the author fells about the memoir .
laughter is what has kept <location> and i so close for the past few years .
most people who are and again .
it shows that people should not give up because even though she failed her test then she will try again later to pass it .
this is a hard question to ask .
this is why i think the mood of this memoir was warm .
computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer .
i would have been scared if i were <person> .
the rest of that day is a better memory because we shared laughter and became friends .
if that library has offensive material it is their job not to let that material get into a young persons hands .
this is not a very good addiction to get into .
in most ways laughing about this silly fight has brought all of us closer and kept us together .
i suppose that these so called acquaintance considered me a friend though i can never be sure whether or not this is true .
and then we have no books left on the shelf .
you can also make graphs on the computer .
another reason that computers are positive is that is helps people find their biological parents or siblings .
that was my uncles <date> day in <location> .
for the people on the ground .
this was taking a physical toll on him .
on that <date> we picked him up <caps> took <num> years of patience for my sister and only <num> years for me .
the construction alone of accommodating a mooring mast required over <num> dollars worth of modifications and a lot of time and planning .
ya look at your arm .
before the constructors built all this extra to the building they should have thought of all the defects it could have .
i was with <caps> friend <person> in the trailer park where her dad lived at the time .
it would not be practical to dangle weight over the heads of hundreds of people walking in the streets below .
i like <caps> magazines .
<person> parents did everything out of pure love .
in conclusion this is how the mood creates the author .
there are people who believe that everything should be left the way that it is written .
once before i went to <caps> point with my friend <person> .
but the problem we have today is patience .
i hope next time none of that will happen .
and those are some reasons how the <caps> set a mood in the blueprints of our lives .
the first of the builders problems started with trying to prepare the actual building for the added stress that would be applied when having dirigibles try to dock .
in the excerpt the author tells how many dirigibles use hydrogen which is very flammable .
but patience is a good thing to have .
the way he smiled and laughed at his new found capability was a great sight .
the features of the setting effected the cyclist very much .
in order for us to be purchasing new books because of recent information would end up coasting as more in the long-run .
the people do not need to look at something that they find offensive .
it was all about starting new and overcoming obstacles .
this would then be transmitted to the buildings foundation as well .
i would not want the same happen to all of the other books in the world .
then the ride started and <caps> got down to the bottom and finished the ride .
as you can set computers are an important part our lives .
i hope you see how amazing computers can be .
it takes one person to make the difference .
others can get mad at a movie because <caps> discriminates races of other kinds .
its almost <num> minute now .
starting to move from friends to best friends .
i would never watch <caps> or anything like <caps> but my friends who have watched <caps> have learned something .
as he travels on he notices everything is abandoned and empty .
thank you for taking the time to read my opinion .
but some of the explicit material in books and magazines should also be censored before they are distributed on shelves and allowed available for young teenagers and children .
the obstacles the builders of <organization> faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was solved .
my second example is the effect of the computer .
winding hills limited water and poor directions are the troubles of this cyclist .
mainly it falls on parents on what content you want your kids looking at .
another obstacle was the wind .
i guess patience really is the key .
censorship is illegal where we live .
the <caps> learned that family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
i do not believe that a material should be removed from shelves just because one person or a group of people find it offensive .
my self confidence was set to an exceedingly high standard with absolutely no negatives thoughts to think of .
i feel that a library can have any kind of book stating any kind of material .
everyone has their own opinion on censorship in libraries .
i answered his question with a hug and a yes and he brought out a banquet of roses .
almost every library is very organized into categories .
all those obstacles eventually lead to the realization that the mooring mast on top of the empire state building was not practical or feasible .
the government will take notice and ban these books or worse remove all books forever just like what happened in <caps> <num> .
we went into the spare room <caps> starting dealing out the cards .
that is the a day ill remember for a long time .
give your computer a break .
this project towards transportation of the future for the empire state building was no easy task .
others tend to choose not to do their homework and work on their social life on the computer instead .
we soon found ourselves in an unknown part of town .
computers are useful for adults as well .
there are way to many ways around having to take the books completely off the selves .
so this is why <caps> effects education .
i started to relax a little when we got started and just tried to have fun .
another obstacle they had with landing the dirigibles to dock was that they had to modify and strengthened the steel frame of the empire state building .
typing fast and correctly takes practice .
i made people laugh .
like when we were having a dinner party at my house .
they also can help kids learn how to and other things at a very early age .
he passed away about a year ago .
i was just sleeping .
so a computer is a good invention .
soon enough a car came up the driveway and honked .
i wiped my face and smiled .
also when inner-tubing we got <caps> the point where we went as fast as possible and went as crazy as possible and we loved it .
some people like to play games .
thats when i began to get impatient .
it is practically the same with books .
the wind could cause it to spin around the building causing injuries to people or the dirigible .
some books that are intended would be better off staying in the library .
it was a <date> when i was at the park .
just like kids they go on the computer to just play games .
the reason for <caps> essay was to show why the process needs to be stop .
a marine said that he tries to contact his family as much as he can while he is at sea .
that is a job for a computer .
that is a very respectful thing to do .
secondly learning you can learn a lot on a computer all you have to do is look for it .
she stops at a florist shop because she sees a plant that she thinks is like the one she had back home .
the builders of the empire state building faced many challenges trying to allow dirigibles to dock there .
around us was laughing and serenity which danced like music around us .
maybe some others do like them and like to read them .
as you can see this is my first reason as to why i believe computers are positive .
i will tell you about a time wen i was patient .
i see only a few good points in censoring .
one of the greatest obstacles they faced to allow dirigibles to dock on the building was nature itself .
<person> and i were laying on opposite ends of each other .
we played it so much the first <date> that we just called it <caps> <caps> instead of <caps> .
so why would you make that mistake .
people also use <caps> and play games on unknown websites .
this is a time when i was patient .
there are vast features in the setting that affects the cyclist .
kids who spend hours <caps> or emailing their peers spend less time with their families .
when we finally got to the front the wait was all worth it .
this quote is saying that he is dehydrated in is having trouble keeping balance on the rough terrain .
love was shown when the author told about the way his parents welcomed anyone of every race to live with them until they got back on their feet .
we learn how music was in the <date> and compare it to music now .
they say laughter is the best kind of medicine their is .
say you need clothes or shoes or maybe even games .
i know that they want to protect their kid from seeing that stuff but its going to happen one day so they might as well get used to it .
the building could catch of fire and be a danger for all .
with a computer you can easily look things up without wasting time or being stressed out by having to look for something .
there was a time when i went to <organization> <organization> .
we should get rid of it .
this means that he was partially all by himself and he had no one to go to .
if you cant keep kids from hearing or seeing anything offensive then why would you try and edit what they read in libraries .
this allowed not only them to be happy but for other people to share their happiness with them .
books and magazines need to be censored according to there content .
the story that i will be telling is about how such a bad day for hunting turned into the funniest moments ever .
and she always hugs us before we leave .
it would not be fair .
after half an hour we were only half way through the line .
<caps> company designs software and uses computers <num> .
books <month> even be inappropriate for little kids .
but when someone looks at the facts a computer is a great thing to own .
after an hour we called her over and asked for bread .
in do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting by making him feel worse than he does .
another problem that was present was also the lack of safety .
to avoid getting into trouble his dad told him to go across the street because there was three boys down the block that looked like trouble .
thats when we actually got to talk to each other more than once a day .
my oldest sister <person> had just gone to collage so my sister <person> and me got the chance to get to know each other a whole lot more .
books should not be censored .
there are also books about politics .
you might think or say that when you are on the computer you cant socialize with family and friends .
but even if they did dock the back of the ship would have been pushed around and around the mast .
that was the mood of the memoir .
i think it is essential for the people that cant get off seek fitness and mental health .
<caps> same type of censorship that video stores have is a perfect way to place censorship in a library .
i darted my eyes in her direction again .
i was very upset because my classes cost <money> and <money> was not a lot of help .
i hit the ground and stayed down .
i personally think that every moment with your significant other should be fully taken advantage of .
the next morning when my mom came to pick me up she asked me how the sleep over went .
this need for the computer can be bad .
this short cut turned out to be a nightmare .
my eyes stink when i am on the computer for half an hour .
all because we are <caps> addicted to using the computers .
i spend at least half my day staring at a screen when i could be outside walking my dog with friends .
i laughed hysterically the rest of the car ride home .
it is a challenge to find why same-sex marriage is illegal in some areas or if the words on the news are true .
the original problem was figuring out how to get the dirigible onto the building .
i have a friend who is always on the computer .
no one told you that you had to read it .
laughter is something that i am extremely thankful for .
the sound of crunching echoes in my ears as waitresses maneuver over fallen peanut shells .
we see many types of offensive material every day .
in the grass was changing to .
some material <month> have offensive comments that is sexual .
these features of the setting had to affect the cyclist .
<person> sits there and smiles at me .
<person> and <person> played tag while i watched .
i think it looks very nice .
<caps> are so many fun and healthy things you can do for your body .
my mom came home and saw a box laying on the front .
secondly you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in a different country or in a different state .
it allows you to from your home .
some peoples love to video chat like people in the army because they get the chance to see their love ones .
if computers take away exercise than health issues will more often and at a younger age .
although this information <month> be in a local library .
the hibiscus would be in bloom again too to provide her with hope .
this was at volleyball tryouts where i had to be patient and work together .
we switched off a few times but for the most part i was holding the boy while she was holding the girl .
computers can help re-establish old relationships with friends and family .
he is proud of his parents on coming from their country and speaking a different language and learning a new one is hard .
he weighs three-hundred pounds at the age fourteen .
<caps> with all this being said i believe thats what his mood was through out the memoir .
when she says and beside it was yet another old friend .
the mood changed into a slowed kind of mood and explains why he is grateful for all of it .
then i started talking to her and making jokes she laughed and i laughed and we had a great time .
safety and nature also had a big play in the obstacles of the building of the empire state building .
this is alarming because at that rate people <month> never get to know each other and the world <month> become an electronically based workspace .
my uncle is one of those people .
he had to ride through tough conditions and became very exhausted .
its a win win situation .
so the builders were dealing with an impractical task
when we got home my brother joined us in a game of gestures .
when i woke up and walked out of the living room mom and all my friends screamed surprise and i was definitely surprised .
they left the place they were most <caps> in for him .
say that you have family members that live in <location> or <location> you can keep in touch with them by e-mail or video chat .
the builders of the empire state building faced several obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
they can help us in school and give information we need to do things in life .
not an empty space was left in the bleachers .
that is unfair and should be stopped .
without computers theirs no point of music .
this brings me to my next topic .
then when they get off the computer their eyes hurt and they cant see as well .
the winds at that altitude would also provide docking issues and instability .
he was grateful for many things like love for cooking and grateful for his parents .
mostly everyone would like to meet <location> people .
to hear pain in a persons voice will make you want to cry .
this is how i feel about this subject .
he also said that what they did was more courageous than something that he could have ever done .
another way to communicate is by video chat .
its your choice but be responsible enough to make the one that would benefit you .
why would they be up there in the first place what is this world coming to .
s they had no problem finding a home .
getting fresh air can be good .
my family is blessed with the knowledge of seeing light in odd situations .
another example of someone being patient with me is <person> .
and if it bothers someone the bothered person can leave .
in conclusion the more you get to learn hot to use a computer the better hand-eye coordinated you will be .
now there was a time when know one knew how to read or even was a loud to read .
well i can tell you why .
and the funny thing is that this happened for the <date> of my life so that the funny thing .
i said as i was laying upside down on the floor .
however the effects it has on people can be bad .
the kid then starts using these words because they think they are cool if <caps> and <caps> use them .
this just goes to show that prince really says off .
these were some of the many obstacles builders faced when attempting to construct a mooring mast on the empire state building .
which is a perfect description of some thing that makes you feel warm inside .
i turned <num> years old .
keep this all in mind .
developing a connection to nature can really nurture the use of that is and ill .
i had been working everyday in the <date> .
i get giddy as i take giant sneaky steps to it .
it might not be good for the eyes of people .
i had no doubt that we could conquer this problem .
shed make faces <caps> tell me stories about her past that would make me just bust out laughing .
the back of the ship will swivel around and around the mast cause of winds .
id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst by allowing spit you have left to circulate .
a corner popped out of no where .
it shows <caps> new realization and how the hibiscus inspired it .
i know this because it said the water bottles contained water a few tantalizing sips which means it was few left .
it was at least <num> maybe <num> feet in the air .
the removal of these principles so ingrained in our nations conscience would cause a general uproar .
the cyclist persevered through the rough terrain which caused him to become weak .
this is the time i was patient .
this laughter we have makes us feel better .
this setting gives you a vivid picture of were the cyclist is heading .
the wind speed at that height is incredibly violent and would cause the ship to swivel around and around the mooring mast .
i was happy that we could finally get <caps> clothes .
also he learn how to love people .
<caps> went right to the game store and when <caps> arrived the line was <date> blocks long .
it really is magical .
censorship should come down to what the adult allows for the kid to see and hear .
you can learn things on them or play games .
there is really no comparison .
the other main obstacle was a concern for safety .
let the reader decide its value .
thats a couple more books .
the features of the setting greatly impacted the cyclist .
its to get students to have a good background of the computer .
this made a picture of a happy and laughing family like in the movies about the holidays .
another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read .
it was a huge mountain loin we ran as fast as we could up the hill .
then the cyclist could carry on .
books are very important to our society .
<caps> continued a game of eye spy for <num> minutes or so as the line slowly progressed .
i use the computer to talk to them basically have .
in this paragraph he just gives an overall warm and inviting mood .
i tell her everything and she tells me everything .
once we made it back to the camp site we sat down and i took a good look at each one of us .
they have been used as a gate way for an extensive world of reading and learning .
it takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to .
i cant believe i fell for that we finished up are meal and went home laughing and joking all the way .
and for the rest of the car ride to the restaurant our conversation flowed so smoothly i thought i was dreaming .
then we had to take the bus back to the train .
the bell rang for second period to start and i headed to my class .
i believe there should be a national rating system for books like there is in the movie industry .
finally every one hoped in the van and <caps> drove .
if people can share a laugh it can bring them together .
lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers .
it helps the cops catch the bad people .
this shows why computers are bad .
also some people need their computers for their jobs .
i have found the things in our libraries to really help on a lot of projects .
we were coming up to the campground .
the scenery created a sense of hopeless because it was abandoned .
i would have to agree .
then the flat road is replaced with rough road so his mood goes down more .
another obstacle builders faced were safety issues .
those people do not have to read books that they find offensive .
i would want my children learning anything and everything about world history .
the thing died and we still had like another <num> hours and we only got to watch one movie .
he talks about how he came around to learned the definition of family and how he learned to love .
the laws against airships flying too low over urban areas also proved to be an obstacle because the ships would never be able to actually approach the area .
here at we have over <num> computers in use throughout the school day .
so these are all my reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people .
that is one time when people were patient with me .
i think people under twenty <caps> should not be aloud to check out movies or music .
i was waiting for my doctor to come out .
they say that laughter is the best medicine it truly is .
the setting now forces the cyclist to become more determined if he wants to live .
i learned that i need to work on being patient because it is a part of life .
my boyfriend is my best friend .
then there are people who cant afford it .
she laughed and tell told me one .
he agreed and we both set to work .
by going on one of the search engines they would find that in <location> they could go to the <location> zoo .
<person> grab a basketball .
i many anymore because they spend all of there <caps> are so many things to do in life that will bring you enjoyment than playing on the a computers .
we went town to subway before the game and got a cub .
it was a big change for them to be in a one room apartment to a <num> room apartment .
we were here in <location> waiting for these lazy people to load up his truck .
we now have an inside joke and every time i remember that day i tell him from flat to volume and we both just start laughing .
censorship can be wholesome without removing all media off the shelves and in the world
this illustrates the power of computers allowing people to do things that were once impossible .
one you can use them for almost everything .
like the author said the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose .
we eventually got on the ride and we realized the wait was worth it so we went again .
the tone adds to the theme of the story .
because the dirigible might bump into other buildings if he did .
it was so fun until we got to the lines .
the setting can affect a cyclist in a lot of ways .
for others it could just be words .
computers have helped advance medicine as well .
this is why computers have a positive effect on people .
my parent got out of line so they could get a drink .
the author in the memoir mood was happiness because they bought a new house in new jersey .
the author uses symbolism to convey a different message .
his pocket started to vibrate .
the net was the obstacle .
this saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade .
and last but not least .
this is another example showing that she is thankful .
human only have so long to live .
once out of water he sucked on pebbles and hopped it would take your mind off of thirst .
with the sun beating on his back and the emptiness of the road he might have begin to want to turn back .
computers are good for people who use them to learn about the world .
in the excerpt it says the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
the wind was the main reason for the fate of the mast .
after that website you could go out and get the you will need .
he got his camera out and took some picture of me that are very embarrassing but make myself and others smile .
hospitality is one of the best qualities you need to make a house a home and the author really stretches that .
my friend <caps> started telling jokes and all my friends started laughing hysterically .
then to make things more interesting we got into making our own characters and building a fantasy draft .
the person does not have his or hers phone .
it was a brick wall too .
even though these people think they are overused they still use them .
we used to have about <num> .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
thats my opinion whats yours
<time> <time> was perfect for star gazing with out a cloud in sight .
so i was waiting counting until the days went buy .
now a days computers are taking over books .
i can sister talking how they had that has to be taken using a computer .
its time we put a timer on our computer and spend more time outside .
this feature could affect the cyclist by discouraging him .
many different opinions about whether computers belong in our life have been shared .
believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books .
laughing makes the bad days manageable and the great days fantastic .
but they were just a regular <person> that played normal music .
some parents <month> feel that they need to protect their children from these things because it could be harmful to them .
i assure them that i understand those feelings .
the faith that this struggle would them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times .
the next day <date> i cooked my mom some breakfast and i was satisfied that it as the day to get my phone .
they made this law so no airship would ever tie up with a building .
this could help the people avoid such things .
this question might be answered forever .
with technology like this they save with just a click of that mouse .
people of all ages look through the library to find books or music or magazines .
he also mentions music as being passionate and that he still adores it even to this day .
i think it is a bad thing to have them on the shelf in a library .
<caps> mom gave me the <caps> up look and i quickly ran to the car .
libraries should never remove any material just because it <month> be found offensive .
<caps> wanted to help her but all he was thinking about was his cousin <caps> that <caps> be arriving at his house any moment now .
i just got an <caps> camera for my birthday so i decided to bring that along .
music is another good way to express yourself .
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because computers can help people in many ways .
they cost a lot of money .
after that they did the school bus derby race .
a friend can tell a joke and make you laugh until you cry .
this also gives me the feeling of warmth and love .
the violent winds on top of the building were constantly shifting .
i made a great friend and the first thing we did was laugh .
people have to realize that thats life .
when communicating with people on the computer the writer tends to short hand things .
blimps docking at the mooring mast would be violating this law .
last year i went to the doctors to get a normal check up wen she tested my vision and hearing and felt the cold too .
<caps> the book <month> offend one reader it could also inspire another as well .
i learned the real definition of family .
laughter was the essential building block of our future relationship .
i looked ahead there was a least two hours left for standing in line for the roller coaster .
it had worked several <caps> but the reality was that some how adults could outsmart my sickness .
it would be illegal if a ship even tried using the mooring mast .
that is a ridiculous amount of money they had to spend just to make it possible for the dirigible to dock .
in the story it says she gets shaky when she tries to say at home .
and using the computer fine tunes hand-eye coordination .
<caps> mans junk is another mans treasure .
computers improve our hand-eye coordinations typing is a good way to improve this vital skill by not looking and knowing which buttons are where .
but laughter is always there when we have an embarrassing moment .
it was the year of <num> and i was new to <organization> .
over sixty thousand dollars was spent to try and modify the buildings framework .
i know this because in paragraph <num> it says that his houses were he learned the real definition of family .
the author is trying to get their message across about how much a family is bonded together and how much there is to be thankful for .
take my story for example .
like when we have games on the buses or just even at practice .
this brings up the <caps> of <caps> .
there where some small rapids running right throw the middle of it .
the second girl was right .
i can assume that everyone agrees with me that computers are an important part <organization> everyday life .
<caps> also helps kids like to find information for reports and .
i think the author concludes the story like that because its showing the time that will be passing .
another mood the <caps> set was being proud .
the author loves keeping people in suspense and waiting for an answer .
we had the pleasure of telling everyone in school about the dirty little details .
staring at a computer screen for a long amount of time will not keep you fit or in shape .
hope you enjoyed i am not a very patient person very rarely have i been patient .
she was still too shaky to say at home she missed her old home and she really wanted to give up .
the environment is a hostile one for a cyclist .
the mood the author created in the memoir is grateful .
libraries carry many different kinds of books .
it is basically part of our human nature .
thats what gives the world its varieties .
the one thing no one said was that one time during the <date> .
one day i was so excited because it was <caps> and my friends and i were going trick or treating .
<caps> now or never i choose now and so should you .
it was like i was the happiest man on earth .
that was one great comment from time .
after our laughing was under control she helped me get up and we went to go find our agriculture teacher <person> .
i am not that good but like they say practice makes perfect .
therefore explains that computers are not good for society .
his tone is thrilled and thankful for his rich culture .
i talked to him about all of it and it was like we understood each other a little bit .
when i got to <person> house the first thing we did was play video games .
so computer help the community .
she says in the spring when the snows melt because she is beginning to get used to the quiet repetition of season upon season .
<caps> we get back to work .
and then in that second everything bad or what you stressed about goes away .
there was already a law about airships flying too low over urban areas .
i got crushed and none of it would have happened if i had waited .
it was my first game .
she promised herself that she will try again and adapt to her surroundings not like others around her have adapted .
<caps> grandmother sat us all in the living room to try and resolve the situation .
he this means that he needed water so much and the hill was so big that he needed water .
i told her it was going to be chillier than what <caps> might be expecting .
the book changed my perspective on many different topics and helped me open my eyes on different views .
theres no way there going to be able to keep other peoples opinions from coming ears length of the <caps> .
his family always helped people who were considered family to them .
the law said that it was illegal for an airship to fly too low over urban areas .
i could not do my <organization> events for science so i got a <num> on it .
it get harder and harder to continue his ride .
his dad comes downstairs and tells him to get ready for the game .
he would play all different kinds of sports with his neighbor .
these magazines and books could also be seen as informing .
we have the freedom of speech in the <location> .
in the story the test was if she could overcome her homesickness .
blood trickled down <caps> chin and left crimson droplets of blood in the green grass .
we were back in and crawled through the kitchen .
he is happy he has this family and he is happy that he has the simple house he was born in .
safety was the main issue with fulfilling the plan to moor blimps to the empire state building .
the winds are constantly shifting .
the help each other whenever one is in need .
there are offensive stuff all over the world so you cant avoid it every where you go .
very mad i kept saying to myself its the best ride you can wait an hour longer so i did .
this is the time when i was patient to my friend <person> .
<caps> would always tell his parents about his admiration for their strength and perseverance .
<caps> what you get for being patient .
they would be stubbing there feet when they walk .
she still had to clean up then she us what to clean up .
support me on this by limiting usage of computers and by helping the public see the dangers that these technological devices <month> bring .
the computer you can look for information make faster .
to the people at the <organization> i would like to tell you and your readers that there is something wrong with the <organization> .
her mom said she wanted the little girls tooth pulled .
they decided on going into the deserts of <location> to a huge lake to camp at .
i then said something really mean about someone she knew and did not know it .
typing skills are a great example .
the author of winter hibiscus ends the story with this paragraph because it reveals the importance of the winter hibiscus .
the biggest water slide there .
it would take us <num> or <num> days to reach our destination .
i shared a room with my two other cousins and <caps> stayed in the room next to ours with my brother .
i replied with confidence .
lets say that there are two books written about the same true topic .
then <organization> started poking the <caps> .
my mom knows this but she still gets pretty mad when <person> decides to use the bathroom on himself .
sometimes when my sister is mad she just throws me in .
those are just three reasons why you should not let people remove anything off of any shelves .
in all they should not band one book .
thats why laughter is an important part in any relationship .
this is much like how our libraries are becoming .
i did and saw the boy starring at me .
you cant change that .
picture yourself walking through the library with your child .
having someone who brings some sunshine into my life made me feel like i was on top of the world .
if your not a patient person then you can always try to become one .
i sometimes have to wait forever .
people spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face .
i enjoy these times because they are memories that you can hold onto forever .
we were next to go sit down but it took about an hour .
why take things from people that they have had for a very long time if its just going to start a conflict and change the way people live everyday life .
libraries are targeted toward every age group and censorship just allows everything to be appropriate for everyone .
please just listen to what i have to say .
do you think that your eyes are going to be fine i disagree .
they came over and told us to take it off and that we needed to leave .
which left her face dazed and pride altered .
not everyone likes the same books but every book in a library is there for a reason .
during <date> i had to go to the doctor to get shots <caps> that i could be safe .
family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
i feel strongly about people knowing about the worlds past .
the law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
the fact that there is nothing living around the cyclist also affects him .
my persistent friend who also hates being impolite then hands over the phone with a smile on her face and cheeks of red .
take movies as another example .
for example when i go to get my allergy shots i have to be patient .
the plants in the green house along with the disappointment of failing her driving test bring her to the emotional state that she was in .
in a library everybody should have the right to read every book .
now to this day i remember to be patient .
she made me feel much better .
<caps> a hard question to answer .
many doctors say that computers cause the new depression .
people who need something to cheer them up can watch a funny video with the click of a button .
normally we would have been angry but we all thought this was hysterical .
these books are too old for a elementary school age child and maybe even a middle school age child to be reading .
then at the end in <location> seven his tone is once again loving and grateful .
computers are beneficial in several ways .
my dad always said i was going to catch a fish and i believed him when i turned nine i went to a friends home for a party .
then the cyclist notices that the road has some hills in it .
these are the obstacles that the builders faced in attempting dirigibles to dock on the empire state building .
the first thing i have to say about this topic is that these items should not just be taken off the shelves and thrown away .
the books that they would get rid of would be because of the children .
because children pick up everything they hear and see
keep the books that are on library shelves now for many generations to come and enjoy for themselves
that is why i think computers are good .
this would be something difficult to fix .
computers in fact have many down-sides to them .
the ticket came up to .
in conclusion i think computers have not benefited society .
the test that she failed tested her memory of her home .
she then sat down and asked if i was going to be mean again .
computers provide great communication with everyone around or even across the country .
when on the computer <caps> kids will eat .
also it is used to make reports up for people .
with rules and conditions the library can be a safe and enjoyable place for everyone .
the music is not all that bad its just that the kids can take these off the shelves and take it home and listen to it .
well instead of waiting to find out you can just go on weather .
i was patient and i got what i wanted .
yesterday i went to the doctors office and the waiting room was so full that we had to stand .
the author is happy that <caps> had a real family .
censorship is a big conflict in many libraries .
some of the lyrics can really offend people .
school or any public library should remove books that contains inappropriate words that are not good for the kids to learn in their life .
it was good to spend time with them and see how much they have changed .
so find a friend and start laughing .
she said the book was about the way a society had banned books like they were drugs or something that could hurt us .
i think that maybe certain books and magazines should be removed .
finally school was over and as we were all saying our good byes and see you next year to all our friends .
i told her what i wanted and she put it on her register and i began to wait .
let me ask you this question again .
the flower is the piece of confidence she needs to feel at home and even pass her drivers test .
<person> and i have when we are together .
computer are also a new way to get entertained .
that in itself is how society becomes self-destructive and loses its concern and connection with the world
it is later said that these modifications would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
often times we will scoff and disagree completely .
i think his mood is every happy .
after we settled down we all joined in the laughing once again as we looked back and saw how stupid we were .
we moved three hours away from my hometown .
their social skills and mind is being corrupted because of offensive media .
my friend said that i could barrow his little fifty dirt bike and take it to put those tags on the trees .
in the story construction workers faced a problem .
the setting around him also made him have negative thoughts .
by doing this we can learn what life is like for them .
what some people find as offensive some other people might find it not offensive .
the world is so beautiful with so many places to see but society is too busy to see it because were on computer for a long time .
libraries should just stick to the same old same old a section for kids with kid books .
the author is very grateful as he admires his parents faith that has traveled so far over time .
patience the thing going mainly tell you time and me going at and you about a time when i was patient and how i did stuff to make myself patient .
difference in opinion can be a big problem for some libraries if patrons do not like the message a book sends .
it teaches you <location> thing but not every thing it teaches is good .
this is why most jobs have computers .
theres something for everyone in a library .
actually there are many positive effects that computers have on people .
patience is a quality that is important .
the only time that this cyclist found water was when it <num> and tasting of battery acid .
or might get yourself killed .
one of the times that i had to be patient was when i wanted my ears pierced .
another one would be that you could learn about another states and countries around the world .
i think that no books should be taken away .
i decided to go check out one across the river that looked like a fun ride .
have some fan in the sun today .
the library needs to make sections of different rated books so that kids wont be able to get the bad books in there hands .
there are three reasons why i argue this topic .
the town was the traditional definition of a ghost town .
it usually was a hide and go seek tagging game .
there was <caps> one around and <caps> one saw us .
putting a censorship would upset the general public more than not having a censorship because if everyone can check out what they want from the library then everyone is content
<caps> is a video of two guys beating a homeless man to death with a hammer and screwdriver .
the time i waited for party to happen .
so she asked me if i wanted more music on my <caps> too .
many people have different views on different types of things .
then before i knew it the door bell rang and all my family came running in with presents and curds .
i have also seen what happens when u take music off the self .
after what see made like hours we were done and the next stop was the library .
i disagree with the ones who feel the item should be removed because to someone that book might be perfect .
my third and last reason is their job .
having a computer is a great way to get you smarter .
while we were on the bus <person> decided that we shall go to <organization> .
computers also teach hand-eye when using a mouse .
while your friends are having a party .
but the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
books need to stay on the shelves .
he was out of water but he continued riding to reach his goal .
this freedom should apply to books .
you just have to know when enough is enough .
this can range from the <caps> .
people kept on going ahead of me .
but this offensive material happens in everyday life throughout the world .
its a perfect way to stay in touch .
there are many people that really enjoy having the ability to keep in touch this way .
the builders would need to make a stronger building frame so the mast could safely be on the top of the building without adding stress to the frame .
anybody was allowed to stay at his house .
help them pick out a book .
people that changed the world and other information .
and thats all i have to say about that .
let me explain more these reasons .
he says he remembers them and still loves them to this day .
she had a website named <caps> to learn .
my first fishing trip was at a lake about <num> miles from my home .
the mood of the memoir was brought to life when the author described the rich culture in his home .
my older brother is a college student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he is never that far away .
that meant she could by her things but she could not buy a pop .
her name was <person> .
his parents never got the jobs they deserved because of the barriers to work for their children .
i was a little curious so i asked in a friendly way who it was .
<time> a while it will eventually take a toll on the body .
as i explained to her <caps> is happening .
computers help re-connect with people .
those are the <num> reasons why i benefit people using computers .
computers in schools help to increase the amount <money> learning our children .
there are books about every single subject in the world .
the mood created by the author in the memoir .
laughter <month> be the best part of life .
i giggled in the backseat of the car as we drove home together .
fouls were being called on me left and right .
the final obstacle the builders of the empire state building faced in allowing dirigibles to dock there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
my teacher told me so .
people need to cut down on the electronics .
one way a comedian does an act is stand up comedy .
one might argue the fact that it uses an offensive n word more than a few times .
<caps> first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about cultures around the world .
another problem they ran into was the law .
so i got <caps> and took her <caps> the ice-cream shop <caps> get some ice-cream .
if you are patient people will know that you are a very tolerant person .
when he talks about the love of culinary skills and cooking which is still with him today it creates a solemn mood that sets the tone of the story .
we said still laughing .
many critic and saying not many people interact with family and friends .
i believe that there should not be censorship in libraries .
the library is not just for the children but also for the adults .
thats why the faithful and ones go to the libraries everyday take the new things offense to the library .
<person> got down from the counter but with no chips in hand .
i mostly just sat in the back seat and listened to my <num> player .
this was also <organization> first time being involved with <organization> and raising a pig .
one obstacle was safety .
i mean that a computer can help you learn about a faraway <caps> without paying a fortune in money to go the <caps> .
a world without computers would be so much different than the world we live in today .
the hills would make the trip more difficult .
computers have databases or websites design to have with research just as the do .
lastly you are able to find lots of information quickly and easily .
my third reason is people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends .
the same rules apply with books and music .
dirigibles moored in open landing fields could be weighted down in the back with lead weights .
i say this <caps> his family always let people from the neighbor hood come over and they were like family .
you need to be tolerant with them they were tolerant with you .
i take after my mom in this area .
talking to family members can do good for you in many ways .
it is necessary for our society to have computers .
with others made of helium .
and everyone needs to get past the offensive side and get to a level where everyone sees eye to eye .
they had to design it so the building could bear the stress of the dirigible .
spring is when the snows melt and geese return .
when i think of laughter you think of memories you shared with people .
minutes later a hefty waitress reeking of drugstore perfume and <time> nights hangover sets down glasses of water and drags off sluggishly .
it is a fact that countries are better allies <caps> their people get along .
we found his subtle jokes quite amusing to our young minds .
<caps> felt as if the world depended on <caps> .
the confident team we should have been from the start of the match was now prepared to win the <date> .
the situations in this novel are ones that could be real .
their brain tells them to do things that are illegal .
i believe <caps> had the same effect on other people too and some children might even grow up to help others in that horrible situation .
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life .
and at first they struggled but they knew that there was hope and happiness in the near future .
librarians are not in control of the material people wish to read .
we reached <location> in about four hours .
i think that because throughout the story she is upset and not really liking the change .
it is also fun and educational .
you look all weird .
in the <caps> where <caps> eats the apple from the tree and that is why we sin .
there is a question that ponders in my mind .
another reason is your kids will be able to talk to there friends faster than mail as well .
i looked at her after i had harpooned onto the log and we both burst out in laughter .
in this story patience is the key to everything remember about patience next time you have to wait .
people need relationships with humor .
she was still apologizing and i was still in the ignoring mood .
the music was created by an artist who made it for enjoyment and entertainment .
should not be removed if they are found offensive .
there will not ever be a book that every human being agrees to be both appropriate and vivacious .
that any person finds offensive .
next was the question of safety .
they help you write reports or reports in general for any subject .
movies that talk about <caps> <caps> <num> and <caps> <caps> <num> .
i could only wave at them because the parade was moving oddly fast .
if children are allowed these escapes they can do better on their school work and with their peers .
i know that computers are good for school because you can research stuff for projects and e-mail your job .
my dad filled out the information then we sat .
after that i told myself i can be patient .
for example most local newspaper have a website that you can visit .
my parents are doing this to protect me and i agree with their decision .
my mom is the person in the family who thoroughly enjoys laughter .
in my head i am thinking that was the longest ride ever .
people should go to the gym and build strong muscles .
i think that certain materials should not be a problem if the librarians can keep a closer eye on what their reading .
based on the excerpt there are three reasons why there were obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i got a little happier at the thought that <caps> theory might just be correct .
i hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers .
some people are not patient at all .
its not being used in a bad why at all just using the terms of how they did back in the olden days .
this was very special to me and could not have been done without computers .
you could bring them anywhere you would like .
newspapers are interesting to read and might have little to none offensive remarks in them .
all of these problems or negative for what they actually wanted to do .
he loved how his parents gave up everything and were selfless so their kids could live normal lives and do what they wanted to do .
please speak up and explain i would love to hear it .
the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i just laid in <caps> bed longing for <caps> father to come home .
this memoir has a lot of mood in it and it makes it a lot better .
other problems where nature and law .
another reason why the dirigibles could not be docked on the top of the empire state building is because of a law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
as time went on the obstacles preventing this became to great and finally shut down the idea .
these are the three ways the mood was more of a thank you kind of thing in the memoir .
and hydrogen is highly flammable .
the final obstacle faced was a restriction on the flight of airships over urban areas .
advanced coordination would mean that person would able to accomplish more things like fast typing .
<person> and i literally fell onto the floor and laughed so hard that our faces were bright red .
there is so much to learn on a computer .
those are the reasons why i think computers do not have a good effect on people .
you <month> just want to log on to check your notifications but you can end up on the computer for <num> to <num> hours without even realizing it .
both of us still talk like that <date> .
she started to crack up .
top scientists and researchers say that it is extremely important for people to interact with others face to face .
one obstacle faced with the construction of the <organization> was the location .
it was too high firstly .
the cop was really dumb .
if the ship was tethered to the mast the back of it would constantly swivel around .
for instance one time while i was on a long car ride and very bored and about to fall asleep .
a thousand foot dirigible mounted at the top of the building .
this story is about different cultures coming together as one .
we could barely keep a hold of the mattress .
many people find these books that are offensive because they come across them randomly .
this was going to be a long day for <person> .
i was overjoyed to be going to a water park on my birthday .
when i take a test i am patient .
we must take a stand and alter statistics for the better .
those are the names of my identical twin cousins <organization> i can honestly admit that they are <num> of the funniest kids i know .
i was in a bad mood because my friend <caps> was mad at me for something that never happened .
i know this for a fact cause a lot of days have passed since and i still have these memories .
the fact that his parents take in strangers and allow them to stay at their home really shows that they are very caring people .
so basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday .
i was around the middle of the line .
overall poor planning created very many obstacles for builders in letting dirigibles dock there .
there was something about her that nobody knew about .
lets put a stop to it .
i thought that wed both live forever .
first of all the weather was extremely hot and hot weather just makes you feel exhausted and like you cant do anything .
they get less exercise .
the dangerousness for a biker in this area is very high .
of those kids are too involved in their compute games .
we bought the tickets and went in line .
the cyclist did not have much energy because he had no hope for him .
the builders of the empire state building faced obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
using computer keeps people inside and not exposed to nature .
well the computer is a great source for learning about these places .
we are also taking away books that <month> interest a child .
the winds from nature would make it hard to control the dirigible so people were afraid of the dirigible crashing into the building .
they were a very caring family .
it was the first time in months that both of us felt at ease with our hardships .
libraries could even consider censoring some of their books .
that is how i feel about the word patience .
the author had concluded this story with this paragraph to make it as if they were on a clean slate like they had started over .
i feel it is better to play outside with your friends than sitting in a chair playing on the computer .
the author did a very good job setting the mood of the memoir .
then the children become cereal killers or go on a shooting spry at school .
thank you for your time .
<person> was playing a gorgeous melody on his guitar .
my <caps> school experiences was outstanding .
is cool because the computer help you in everything .
the dry climate and tough terrain greatly affected the cyclist .
i heard my father call .
people think that we should hide things that are offensive to other people .
thats not all we can do .
our laughter filled the room and made that <caps> even better .
in the story do not <caps> posted speed limit there were many features of the setting that affected the cyclist .
computers help people learn about foreign places .
thats why i consider that the things that are broadcast should be censored .
the rest of the building is a scattering of books and other materials sorted only by author name and genre .
i retracted my big toe through the hole as to restrain from stubbing <caps> on a rock .
safety was a major factor in the failure to dock dirigibles at the <organization> dirigibles were highly flammable which could have caused a serious accident to occur .
it was a super boring day .
thats how the author sets the mood .
it is all a learning experience .
more and more teachers are using computers to help us learn .
inside to tell my mom .
from my own experiences i know that it is a growing problem .
he told me give him till the end of the week .
the plant is now being planted in the soil outside of her house and has to grow .
he ran out of water and became dehydrated through his trip .
and see <caps> else they could do .
then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
that is how i was patience .
my friends mom was nice enough to come pick us up .
there are many great effects computers have on and for people .
all materials in a library are for the public .
i have asked myself this same question over and over .
the mood portrayed in the story was family and friends are very important and they help what you will be in the future .
a second reason is it generally makes everything <caps> .
last example is if you want to learn about your countries history and the leaders behind it then you would use the computer .
while this <month> be true for some people it is not true for <caps> .
laughing is the main source for friendship i feel .
this law made it illegal for a ship to even approach the area .
you also need to have trust .
hot you need water .
this quote or textual evidence shows that the mood of the author is very warm and free .
all of these were major obstacles to the building process of the empire state building and its mooring mast for docking dirigibles .
its actually fun once you try it .
it can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it .
that is why i am working hard to try to be patient .
my second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other .
an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
this shows that she is motivated by helping her mother finish what she started .
nature was also another obstacle itself .
as soon as i got it i stared reading it .
there is no perfect society .
it would be a very boring and dull place .
without the computer everything would become so time consuming that no one would want to get the work done .
you are your own person and that wont ever change .
another obstacle the architects faced was a concern of safety .
computers have a big negative effect on society because we tend to depend on them too much .
my surrogate grandparents .
i was waiting for about an hour and a half .
so we decided it was time to <caps> some fun .
this shows that it symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it will help her overcome this test .
so <caps> both waited and waited .
the girl spends the entire day wishing that she were back in her own country and missing her grandmother and friends .
it was going so fast my face was being pushed back into a smile .
however there were flaws in the idea that were not discovered till the construction of the building was completed .
laughing puts everyone in good moods and smiles on there faces .
we ran to the gates to get our tickets .
parents like to protect their children from harms way and bring them up as fine citizens of <location> .
they <month> not all mean harm towards me but towards other readers they could .
we cant believe everything that <caps> said on the computer .
censorship is a tough topic to discuss .
that is also why movies have ratings .
racism is a very hurtful thing .
computer say <caps> there are available flights to your destination and how much .
another reason i think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information .
i was patient enough to wait for my candy .
if it is cold outside or raining you can still entertain yourself with just a computer .
parents should feel okay and worry-free when it comes to letting their kids do something as simple as going to the <caps> .
<caps> the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
they are the people who will be leading our country .
as time went on he soon became close out of water and a loss of energy .
in everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us .
i feel closer and part to keep in touch with them .
most website like <caps> is now in danger .
thus computers are very vital to us .
it is points and views from an anti-slavery author .
its especially helpful for work because instead of calling a bunch of clients .
at times it is okay to want a book that has a few bad words but the library needs to know their limits .
laughter is the medicines of all medicines .
it is only when people begin to abuse their power and censor materials that should not be censored that problems arise .
some books <month> be offensive but you can learn from others mistake by reading that book .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
you just cant get away from them .
computers are also in some electronics .
i was so embarrassed at the time and at them laughing at me .
it was quite funny but at the same time some what disturbing .
once they got out they looked so outraged and looked as if they were ready to call out mother nature to a fight .
that was the greatest <time> of <date> .
the second way is helps is to give <caps> .
after we got off the phone i hung up and scurried into the shower and got ready as fast as i could .
this law would make it impossible to ever make it a full use of transportation .
not traveling outdoors deprives our body <organization> an important <caps> .
they help communicate around the world .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
then i started laughing again <caps> i started crying .
the cyclist eventually starts to lose water and his determination is tested as he struggles to get to the next town .
but i told that it was cool that she did so i told her i have to go and we hanged up .
on the trip to <location> with my family .
now he is dons due that .
the fact that most dirigibles outside the u .
we must live the way we want and not force our selves to change just to get serious in life .
there were several major obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
then the main level or area should be teen books .
this shows that the girl is adapting to her new country and hopes to do better in the spring .
computers also teach us new things such as hand-eye coordination .
that night after the funeral everyone went <caps> my aunties house an just spent time together .
this is why i agree with computers .
books are sorted by genre .
it means that person should simply not read it .
i have to go to school .
its the inevitable truth .
one time when i was playing video games .
the mood the author created in the memoir was .
the book <caps> <caps> <caps> is about a young girl that grew up without a father .
the stabbing agony in my muscles and joints frayed away and left .
the next story i heard was when my dads friend borrowed the car he needed something to get him back and forth to work .
and parents should monitor what there children are reading and take part in the book by helping them understand what the book is saying .
the people behind these pictures and profiles <month> not be who you think they are .
there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
people should inform themselves about something before they view it so that they are not offended by the content inside .
i have family members in <location> .
people spend the amount of time they need and want then become active or spend time with family and friends .
they can take massive amounts of energy to climb .
there are many ways in which the setting of rough road ahead affects the cyclist .
censorship in libraries should not be allowed because everyone should have that right to chose .
first being that there will always be something offensive to someone no matter what it <month> or <month> not be .
do you believe that certain things need to be taken off the shelf thats uncensored for my children to see .
it is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world .
i think that everything in libraries are very important and who is to know that everybody wants this to happen .
the authors mood did change with the setting and before it got better it was worse .
those were good times .
laughter is important enough to be more than that .
but she had herself much preferred it to a big mac .
i want to see that word and feel its full effect .
the thing about these is they are displayed in different ways such as music .
the winches and control machinery for the dirigible mooring .
<caps> just goes to show how nice people can be when they want to get something done .
they use it a little too often .
<organization> thought to him self i knew this trip was to good to be true .
dear <caps> <caps> <caps> i think it it good and bad .
even if you local does not you can go to other websites like <caps> .
and thats what mood the author feels in the story .
and even help you with your job .
how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate .
waiting for a laptop is not the only thing i had to have patience for .
one obstacle would be a rough terrain .
the idea was never successful due to the obstacles presented .
one of the obstacles the builders had was with the stress of the dirigibles load as said in the excerpt in paragraph <num> .
the average bill per month is <money> .
<caps> also have the ability to help people so things that an than a pig sty .
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways throughout the writing .
classifying something as offensive is an opinion .
what <month> be historical or even informational to one person it will be offensive to the other and vice versa .
if we would get rid of all of the magazines in the world then there would be a cut down on all those horrible advertisements that men long for .
i hope i have made it so that we are looking at this from the same angle .
and its all coming from thing based on violence in the books that children reads more often .
as its states home is where one lived as a child .
the computer makes life so much easier that to take it away would cause stress and less time for other important activities .
my stomach was turning in circles round and round and i had the felling of a roller coaster about to take off really fast .
i think that it is offensive because music is not a good thing to listen to like rap or hip-hop .
censorship is editing or just plain getting rid of .
this law would not allow the dirigibles to dock on top of the <organization> .
let these books serve their purpose .
he takes there directions and feels good abut it .
this is why computer time should be reduced and family time increased .
when i get to use the computer to keep in touch with them .
having an account like this is said to be addicting .
he described this with sentences like rattled around the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain .
during this time he is riding his bicycle for miles and miles in the heat of the summer .
if people decided to feel offensive over stuff like that then something is wrong with them because after all these years there have been no complaints .
this shows that another obstacle they may have faced was losing confidence and directly observing that their plan would not work .
our sense of humor when were together is never dull and is unforgettable .
a lot of people use their computers to learn new stuff about other things and people .
then his picture was done we looked at it and we all laughed .
some people who have friends far away can use a computer to talk to them .
this should never happen to todays literature .
but my mom could not wait because it was so many people there in front of use .
laughter is the one thing you can count on in an awkward position or when you go to a new school or have never been somewhere before .
their friends could of won something important and they wanted you to be their but no they are just so busy on the computer .
i greeted the familiar faces with a smile as class began .
i had noticed that tears were rolling down the sides of my <caps> <person> cheeks .
so thats what my person input is on the situation .
dirigibles using hydrogen could burst into flames .
another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading .
so i called my mom but she was busy somewhere else but she told me that she wanted to see the dog before i buy him .
we worked it like no other .
it lets you right anything you want and if you mess up a word you can fix it if you wanted to .
another positive fact about computer is that you can find all the information you need and fast .
this tells us everyone in the neighborhood is nice .
the law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to a building .
they also have a bunch of gossip stories you might not want your children to read .
com is a quick and easy way to help you figure out which way to go .
when things between you and a loved one get fuzzy making them laugh will always help break the ice .
days had past they were doing perfectly until .
then <caps> you want to work or go to another school some you need to do it by computer .
<person> ended up being the mover .
if he would have been bitten he would have died .
men <caps> sometimes more on and patient and sometimes not so much
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
because it could mean so much .
this is just one reason i support computers .
schools are using computers more and more now .
<caps> gives people more information coming from more people .
the girl is upset that she failed the test but still has hope for what will happen next .
people make decisions .
i was so exited to see my dad building this <caps> with his bare hands .
all you did was get worked up and you wasted money .
another problem they faced was nature .
there are some movies that are just not meant for a younger audience .
also with wind pressure the buildings foundation would be affected .
but i also think that everyone could use a little patience .
it was said in paragraph <num> that dirigibles did try to reach the building .
it was the best time we had all day we were laughing non stop at everything that was said in the movie and it was great .
enjoying nature you can have a good time and relax .
i believe that whatever is put into the media has a purpose .
censorship was made to protect people from raw material that is seen as unfit or cruel .
all projects require research .
there are a lot of positive and negative things about computers .
a love of cooking that is still with me today .
its justs frustrates me that people take so long .
thats what i think about this whole idea
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
dirigibles are filled with hydrogen which is highly flammable .
spending time with family .
besides there are more important issues at the moment .
they worked really hard .
i am patient at school a lot of the time .
all teachers should have their own website that you can get from there .
i notices the terrain changing in this quote the cyclists settings <month> have caused confusion .
a library is a place to sit and enjoy the surroundings .
finally a computer allows us to learn different cultures around the world .
many well wishes and tears were exchanged between the day they had departed .
one last obstacles the builders faced was the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
this concludes that computers benefit the society we live in today .
later that day she came in my room and we played some bored games and watch a movie or two .
i have been mad at my friend and he has been mad at me .
so there is no reason for it to be taken off .
s used hydrogen instead of helium .
finally they spend less and less time with their family and being active .
this what i get out as the last paragraph are the story winter hibiscus as what it means to me .
or can you help somebody when you think they help in something .
works meant to be accessed by the public should not be removed from the shelves of libraries if they are deemed offensive .
slowly gaining elevation while losing hope .
the computer is good for connecting to people around the world .
there will always be at least <num> person that stands up and retaliates against something they dislike .
their appearance was strange so they looked like a rock <person> .
and how his parents seemed like great people .
i kind of have patients .
from the excerpt the mooring mast by <organization> we find that the builders of the empire state building encountered many obstacles .
the mood of the memoir is appreciation .
i had personally forgotten about <person> in the back until <caps> got off at her stop .
the had to make room for other books .
seeing the geese fly reminds her of her home .
but one of the worst obstacles the builders had to face was the fact that dirigibles are highly flammable .
he love what his parents did .
a bad thing about <caps> the computer i can do is bringing up a virus .
you can also tell that he is implying that he loves his parents .
the next reason that books should not have censorship is because new ideas cover topics that have never been discussed .
also the workers needed to figure out a way to safely get the passengers on and off the aircraft while the tail was whipping around in the air .
you have to be patient to wait for deer .
its always nice to smell the nice <date> air after being in school all day .
my little sister said that it was the best <date> present ever .
this sets the mood too by showing everybody needs to be nice to everyone .
here the snow is symbolic to the sorrow she has been facing because she left home .
he is grateful for that .
it is their right as an <caps> to buy what they want .
the next problem was that most dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium .
even if it is offensive to you it could come in handy for another person
than parents all you got to do is take those songs away .
most importantly an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
what i am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general .
you could learn which college is right for you without leaving your house .
the computers are ruining family connections .
this flower represented hope .
no matter how the builder tie the dirigible to the mast the blimp will be unsafe .
i was right and as she leaned over cautiously <person> read the book with a disgusted look on her face .
he motioned the other adults <caps> see what we were doing .
then it was around noon and i was hungry .
i had to wait with my brother in the waiting room .
parents should check out what stuff their kids are looking at when they go to the library .
so maybe next time i should be more patient .
this mood is described by the <caps> i learned there how to love .
<caps> are still some reasons why computers are not very good .
we moved to go ask her mom .
<caps> it teach you hand-eye and the helps your brain and sight .
<organization> a conducting experiment that are rigged .
next <caps> book week ill be supporting the authors that got crushed by their work getting <caps> .
just leaving college when its really a <num> year old <caps> just getting ready to enter the senior center .
it helps you with your hand-eye coordination .
<caps> house is an old house located in the woods .
mind you all of my clothes and shoes were over her house still .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by it being so hot outside that he could have had passed out and died .
once in <num> grade my teacher <person> asked us to get an a .
some people work at home on computers .
they were placing us in long lines that faced each other .
i know that a <organization> <organization> the <organization> should agree .
computers can be very useful and efficient to anybody .
another reason that it is family is because that is what he felt every one was to him .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
music is a form a expression and everyone has their own taste .
also computers now have videos all over on how to do things like how to and other useful information .
<caps> coming i say to myself .
at some point tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake- it really did look like a diamond back blocking the majority the pavement in front of me .
the space ship was shooting other space ships to survive .
there are just way too many people that get offended while reading the books they want to read .
this document has amendments .
all the things that show explicit material have some type of warning for it and if you choose to keep reading or listening it is your decision .
there are always going to be offensive books and movies out there .
he never tries to be someone hes not .
the library is all about learning .
we were one and the same all along .
life with computers has lead to less people exercising and obesity rates increasing .
i bet there are many people that have that same issue .
i can also remember going with my grandparents .
another reason is his parents did hard labor and worked really hard to make he a good life .
with little water the setting was not helpful to the cyclist .
i believe censorship is necessary .
when it comes time for my children to reach this age i would hope that they would never act like some of the kids i have seen or spoken with .
libraries are a source of information .
perhaps we will find nature more interesting .
violent air currents filled the winds above and around the empire state building .
he sets a very specific mood in this memoir which is everyone coming together .
like everything is going to be alright .
each materials brings enjoyment to different people .
many dirigibles use hydrogen gas which is very flammable .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships lying too low over urban areas .
go and talk to them in real life .
i was being very patient waiting and waiting and waiting .
they help them because these is so many ways to communicate with people through the computer .
i was supposed to be one of the first people out of my group of friends who was going to get there permit .
i think that learning how to type is an excellent thing .
and he appreciates that more than anything .
that is all i am asking for is for you to stand up and back me up in this war on censorship .
thats what i thought .
an example might be religion .
so people should just spend a part of their day on the computer .
once i actually noticed and got the point of why they would do this i thought that it was a good idea .
most of the questioning about a book is the language in it .
i will talk about when go in the mall with them .
they would first have to modify and strengthened the buildings frame to accommodate this new situation .
at a young age i selected a book i had thought was a ghost story .
there are not many sources of water in the deserts .
<caps> we said bye .
one last mood is appreciative .
another obstacle is they figured out that the mooring mast of the empire state building was destined to never fulfill its purpose .
<caps> he said we will leave <num> am and it was <num> am .
he looked pestered and quite upset as he slowly bent down to pick up our ball .
i was becoming impatience just waiting their .
i decide to go play outside in the snow with him .
magazines and other things should be kept away to where only adults could get to them
who are we to tell people what they can and cant write down .
i am telling you we need to address this matter .
i hope you can read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them .
almost every office has computers for many different reasons .
this is also not a health relationship with family members .
that night i think <caps> whole family got a few spoonfuls of medicine .
i think that computers are becoming an issue .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a warm feeling .
they miss spending time with you .
they were not going to take that risk .
they help adults stay in contact with their friends .
hydrogen is very flammable so if it caught on fire it would go down in a very populated area .
books are a great part of history .
we both begin to laugh as we run over to his car .
after i was done getting dressed i looked on .
i had stayed up that night really late cause i was watching a bunch of my favorite <caps> movies .
thats like taking away part of a persons originality .
so picture <time> a guy with all come on .
in the passage do not exceed posted speed limit the deserts feature did not have any positive affects on the cyclist .
the cyclist shows that it is really hard for him to move without water .
the builders of the empire state building were faced with a multitude of problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
thats up to you only if you want to .
books such as <caps> <caps> <person> is a book i had read and it was very out there and straight forward .
but on <date> <time> <caps> mom pointed out that i seemed different .
as you reading you will find out my second reason fro being to much in the computer .
on these websites kids as young as ten years old are chatting with friends and putting up pictures .
this is a serious concern to our health .
the architects had trouble with putting the moor mast on top of the building .
also they cut communication with your family making it rare to truly bond with them .
my brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment has ever made .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because he was really thirsty and then the dry air with no town nearby made it even worse .
computers are good for if you need to find information about anything .
my mom says if she had known what was going to happen that day she never would have let them get in that car .
a friendship that is now the best one of all .
they are meant for learning purposes and for work or school .
i chased her for about a block and a half .
computers rise perhaps the only thing that actually benefits our society .
she had missed everything that had happened and as we went to fill her in <location> stopped us .
after thinking about it i joined and i fell in love with this sport .
we kept on laughing almost until we were about to wet our selves .
once the huge golden sun finally went down and the smaller bright shimmering stars appeared .
over <money> of changes had to be made for this .
they wait and start their reports the day before their reports are due .
dangling high above pedestrians on the street .
the other side those who support advances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people .
recently i had to do a project in <caps> <caps> about a place in <location> .
many parents watch their children go through this and are sometimes helpless to stop it .
the masts greatest obstacle was nature itself .
on that <date> i realized that the laughs shared between <organization> and i would be the first memory for what was to come .
than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want .
they are either working or playing .
because of these reasons it made making the empire state building a landing area unsafe .
this is really bad because you were on the computer .
but i know that i was traumatized .
the readers can learn from mistakes made in the past .
people need to get out side and get more active .
<caps> people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time .
<caps> was thinking what can he do until dinner is ready <caps> he went to go to play his video game .
as a result reader perceive a very rich and passionate mood while reading the memoir .
i am one of those people .
and that was the time i was very patient .
plants she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood work .
whispers and comments fill the room while people make their way throughout the library .
i do not believe that these types of books should be taken off of the shelves .
this would assure the passengers safety as well as stability to the building .
many companies make kid-friendly websites that go on .
it was a cool <date> <time> .
the computer aids the user with vast information on every subject or topic that <month> be brought up in a class room .
because children could see the wrong things and things might get out of hand .
his isolation while cycling down the shortcut was a definite factor in his strain .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of mooring mast was nature itself .
others might only use it for chat and e-mail .
so i took action and cleaned our lakes .
this website does work sheets and helps with the level the child is on .
rage filled in he to at me .
taking away all offensive books would do away with a large portion of books available in libraries .
i was bright red for almost the entire time she told these stories .
but as years passed on the idea of using the mooring mast died out leaving there to be no more obstacles to face .
but it all worked out for me at the end .
so i made up a game to play with him so he would forget about the helicopter and stop asking me .
hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifesaver the computer is .
the mood created in this article is a joyful mood .
i am one of those people that believes that this quote has a ton of truth and meaning .
someone else from my community could have the same trait of thought i have when reading a scary book .
so i just keep waiting and i was also patient .
people like reading about sports because it is interesting to read .
a good affect on the cyclist was no one in sight to slow him down on his bike ride .
people should be able to live free and feel proud of who they are .
some friends and family keep in touch completely by computer .
i know you certainly will agree .
i have had many different experiences in life that laughter has been a big part of .
one day my grandfather and i went fishing my grandfather always says it is important to always wait .
<organization> and i were just trying to hurry and get our work finished so that we could go back to our homes and shower .
he had a sense of simple humor that created giggles in every corner of the class .
<percent> of people in would floor .
safety was also another big issue .
some are happy moods because they have each other .
library materials must be checked .
so they waked in the house .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
sometimes our closest friends would play with us but it was usually just something my family did .
how would the library know which books to take off the shelf because all parents have different ideas of what is right and wrong .
especially for breaking the test tubes .
i shielded myself from the fact that recently my muscular brown horse was put to death by a giant bolt of light and a loud thunder clap .
<caps> clothes were all very bright and happy colors .
and my last reason is because you can send messages to a far away place by using e-mail .
the first obstacle builders had to overcome is the law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
you could tell he was passionate about what she was writing .
when something is written it is written for a purpose .
used hydrogen instead of helium .
people spend to much time on computer .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
by saying he was doing <num> when it should have been <num> .
we had to wait about fifteen minutes this time .
this will drain almost all the energy the cyclist has .
it was about a white dog and a dark colored dog together trying to find food and a place to sleep .
in <caps> the stars are the most stunning i have ever seen .
it will most likely give you knowledges about the advertisement you are watching .
this a national problem about the contents of books .
computers run peoples relationships with family and friend .
everyone should have some relationship .
all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
we all have the right to ask them to take it off the shelf and if they dint then they well get into trouble
she was the most beautiful girl he had have laid eyes on .
eventually we stopped and listened to music .
we need to understand that there is no right when you are dealing with multiple opinions .
censorship is purely opinion .
other writing materials and even movies cause problems in this world today .
this proves that the reader was constantly drinking because of the time of day and year he was out .
some topics or other things found in the library are not suitable for every one and should not be allowed in a public place .
the excerpt explains the structural and natural obstacles faced by the builders .
laughter is the only characteristic a person could perfect .
<organization> had been riding his bike and set it down a hundred yards away from where they were .
one reasons for this could be that a person spends all their time on their computer instead of spending time with their family and friends .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
the gig was up soon as she picked me up .
i all ways say that we are one big fake <caps> family .
my parents are always staked about me talking to my friends and hanging out with them .
they made me laugh and when i smiled at my new high school people were more open and welcoming to me .
and it also makes you <caps> thinking of all the <caps> your family has to make for you .
this makes the cyclist feel worried about getting dehydrated .
obesity is not a hard thing to get rid of .
people these days read magazines that can be completely harmless but come with an ad .
imagine there was no computer for them to use .
when i asked the librarian if they had any of their books they said no .
the freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people .
the grandchild picks up a self-help book and starts to read .
this is a very hot time of the year in such a desert location .
this would make it hard because he is becoming dehydrated during his whole trip .
that way the other people would never even have to see the books that he or she does not agree with .
starting in paragraph <num> the aspiration of the mast on the empire state building made the plan seem well put together and it would soon become a reality .
they had to make sure the empire state building could hold up the mast .
i learned all lot of things there .
that you need to do something .
there was a law that stated that airships can fly to low over urban areas .
they should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games .
the winds were making it hard to keep the dirigibles stable .
it costs money to go out and buy books when you can just borrow them from the library .
the concluding paragraph to the story winter hibiscus gives a sense of hope for the future .
when class started the teacher made me stand up in front of the class and tell them about myself .
the dirigible would constantly be moving around .
computers a very good effect on our towns specify .
patient is when you are tolerant and understanding .
computers posses the ability to do certain human tasks that seem hard for us to do .
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home .
also this setting shows the cyclist had to use all he had just to survive .
time went by slowly and we finally got on .
i got up and was so excited and nervous to go in front of the crowd and get my award .
pg means you should have your parents with for the younger kids .
he also loved how his parents made their own home .
in the desert his water tasted like the flavor of battery acid .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows how sometimes you have to wait till the time right for you to try again .
blocked the pavement in front of me .
well hope you like the way i put the words in my story so by and see you next time .
a time i was patient was when i was sitting at my house for hours waiting for my grandma to pick me up and go get my friend .
the thunder nearly shook the ground .
there are many reasons why laughter is an important part of any relationship .
really that great the reason for it is because the books that are on the shelf is .
<caps> could tell they were hyper as soon as i walked in the door when they greeted me with bubbly attitudes .
the present is all that matters and in my opinion everyone deserves the same .
some music can be pretty offensive too because it can say nasty things and things like that but not all music is bad .
<person> finally got his lunch and i saw him go over to the <caps> and milk cooler and grab a orange <caps> .
if they have a complaint then they should just keep it to themselves and not ruin the chance for others to check them out .
i recently got back in touch with my cousin who moved to <location> .
this made it impossible for dirigibles to dock at the empire state building .
she has gotten into some really horrible situations .
so that is my story about patience explained my way .
where i learned the real definition of family .
not one person shares the same hunger of reading material .
it would be hard for blimps to reach the height of the mast .
there float was for <organization> .
i had to wait <num> hours to get mine .
many people barely pay attention to conversation while focusing on the screen .
the winds on top on the building were always shifting due to the violent air current .
the first ride we went on was the <organization> .
there is absolutely no point in destroying certain types of literature because some <month> feel offended .
this is a growing problem which must be put to end .
i told her jokingly .
i only told one person .
<person> explained everything to them .
so if they hear a swear word on t .
laughter plays a key part in my life .
computers are used from leaning or for fun .
the first reason they should not remove offensive materials from the library is because you will not make everybody happy by doing that .
the second obstacle was due to an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
being bad a video games is funny to me and it make me laugh .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
thats what matters .
i think the books should stay on the shelves .
this is how the change of setting affected the cyclist .
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
some people say that the library is always the best place to find information but i disagree .
i think other wise .
for example everyday i get out of school i do my homework and i go run a mile .
overall the main mood of this memoir is gratitude .
or a movie or music that you see and the content from them shocks you and makes you that they bleep those word .
everyone had an incredible time catching up with family and friend .
you can share the news or just have a conversation with anyone you know .
this is a story about a time when i was being patient waiting for a plain in an airport .
we need to have rules in libraries .
safety was the main problem .
and if was really bad be able to take it out of the school .
on a computer you see something on the monitor and you can click it without looking down at the mouse to click .
good thing <organization> noticed and remembered about <person> ex later that day .
the greatest obstacle they faced was the issue of safety .
this would keep the child from reading too graphic of novels for their age and it would not offense the parents .
they maybe similar to the computer but they are something you can do on the <caps> .
people are becoming more and more lazy these days .
to gave me my money .
it happened here at <organization> .
without a word <person> jumped out of bed and ran into the bathroom .
the desert hits him like a boulder because he is running short on water and needs to rest .
the changes in his environment directly affect the completion of his journey and his health .
i hold that knowledge to be true .
in fact my favorite book is banned from my school library .
it gives people a chance to understand how the real world <caps> .
i began to think that it was because of me always asking him why he would not laugh but that would be a silly reason to leave .
burn the average person between the ages of <num> and <num> spend more then <num> hours on a computer .
apple store have when people go over and buy some computers .
another part of the setting that affects the cyclist is that he is in a very remote area .
other articles that have no reason for being offensive should be taken off shelves .
first we take baby steps and the more we laugh together it seems like the closer we are to each other .
these books are extremely good .
another practical reason why dirigibles faced problems docking at the empire state building was that an existing law prevented dirigibles from flying too low over urban areas .
would they just be able to take it off the shelf
the cyclist soon becomes exhausted from lack of water and having to cross the now hilly terrain .
i was really upset that <organization> made such a silly mistake .
in paragraph <num> line <num> .
one teenagers thoughts do not account for other teenagers thoughts .
i had got irritated at her for constantly ditching out on our plans we had together to go spend time with her boyfriend .
we then looked at each other and laughed and ran to do our work before mom and dad got home .
these books maybe be offensive to some people but its there choice to read it .
this quote and this part of the quote has a touching effect to the reader .
this does not mean that we need to get rid of comedies just because that there are some people who dislike them .
those are two examples of how a computer can bring people together .
i had to be patient when my brother broke his finger .
the ride there was long but we made it .
the definition of offensive material is simply a matter of opinion .
getting work done can sometimes feel like another chore .
when your on the computer you can look up some of the natural disasters .
the back of the dirigibles would constantly swivel around while docked due to the constantly changing winds .
this benefits people in a positive way .
off the shelves just because of certain people .
<caps> mother laughed and continued to search for a parking spot .
so i believe that books are more reliable .
and i said i tell you mommy it was coming to day .
it can also be an offensive place to some people .
nothing but drama and not happiness .
they also solve geographic problems .
they make people become unhealthy and can get their personal information hacked by a virus .
censorship is one of them .
later that evening we learned why there was no one at the campground .
consumers can read the review first and then decide whether to check it out or not .
i felt a thrill in my body .
you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long .
one person i know was very patient one time i was associating with them .
these machines have helped scientists to do experiments .
you could of missed a year of stuff .
he never gave her an answer .
then he would say that i should try to play it .
this story is about a time when i was patient .
i am patient every even this year for <caps> so i can get some <caps> .
i have patience and i know a lot of people who have patience to .
i really hope the people make the right choice
also laughter can bring two people very close together .
another example of the mood he creates is how he describes his relationship with other people .
they just give us what we need and want .
an idea to take into consideration is that every local public library could have a meeting to decide whether to keep the library in easy-access form or not .
and we just crack up in laughter .
winds also played an obstacle in the construction .
while constructing the empire state building the builders were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
you could smell the tension in the air as everyone watched the clock spin on the last <organization> of school .
they could become obese and possibly get diabetes .
they were written with this language because <caps> the way people talked back then .
one way the mood is portrayed is by telling us about <person> parents .
and then we have no nooks left on the shelf for any of us .
computers can be good or bad .
those are some of the many features that effect the cyclist .
when people are on the computer they spend multiple hours on it .
this is a problem because hydro gen is highly flammable .
the first problem they had was because of the high winds .
<caps> asked in a worried voice .
the truth is no one is able to keep everyone happy .
computers seem like a perfect resource .
i sat there for <num> hours with nothing to do never again will i do that .
people need to see why he painted such works of what was going on during his life at that time .
it was funny and awesome .
everybody is different and have their own opinion about what they think is right .
not the profanity or the violence that will one day be apart of their life in some way .
i believe <caps> is important that people accept the fact that everyone does not have the same opinion .
last but not least he is happy because he lives with everyone he loves .
i know i do that all the time .
<caps> mood is caring my parents always kept their arms and their door opened to the many people who were considered family .
it is deserted and he feels dehydrated as well .
little did i know i would not know what to do at all and <caps> teacher was going to have to be very patient with me .
our government gives us the right to have freedom of speech .
people under <num> should also be restrained from looking through these materials .
people have different tastes in what they like to listen to or watch or read about .
that is why i think computers are helpful .
a lot of people in the world are patient .
i remember meeting the girl .
it just put your mind at ease .
i feel that too many people are becoming addicted to computers .
it also help people like cops .
one way was because of the <caps> <caps> .
two hours fly by and the girls got it .
j finally learned to be patient .
<caps> was a normal <organization> day .
also a person that experiences difficulties without complaining .
i blame that grade on not having a computer at home .
my second reason is that the people this me in the computer they still interact with their family .
after reading my letter i hope you agree with me .
the author is obviously dieing of thirst and with nothing around her she acts even thirstier .
which is fun since we all get painter and shot up with silly string being flung at us from unseen sources .
and the things that was named make the <caps> so fun an peaceful .
it raises the spirits and lightens moods .
some play until their entire lives are devoted to playing .
but above a highly populated area was out of the question because lead weights dangling high above pedestrians is a safety violation .
libraries is a place where all sorts of literature comes together in one place where it can be seen and read by those who admire literature .
the mood was created very clearly by the author in this memoir .
another obstacle that the builders faced was the level of safety .
on the other hand rather than books being taken off the shelf books would not be being put on the shelfs .
because hes talking about how his family started and how <caps> met his friends .
another problem was that there was an .
when you exercise you have tons of energy to <caps> anything .
this is why i think computers have a positive affect on people .
the effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings .
i think that having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about things in the world .
<caps> is where about half of the libraries money is being made .
her name was <caps> .
<caps> this is one of the many times laughter brought <caps> cousin <person> <caps> i together .
the main idea here is preferences .
for some reason <person> and i just started laughing non-stop .
the biggest company <month> need an computer even the <organization> need them they are big in you company .
the computer <month> have sites where you can talk to friends but that is no where as good as seeing them in person .
<caps> <person> gave her stuff <caps> me and gave <person> a piggy back ride .
i pulled my camera from my <person> look alike bag and pressed record .
i lugged the lawn chairs from our van to wait in line .
but that all changed when my friend came home covered with food crying before school was even let out .
the cyclist is beginning at what seems a fine idea and place .
in conclusion there were many things that affected the cyclist .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
having a computer could make you have draw perspective of everything .
the two reasons he wrote this conclusion paragraph is to give the ending a hopeful tone and relate the objects she sees to the spring .
another obstacle faced was the weather .
i am writing about when someone was patient .
the average people can learn about non average things any day .
computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points .
that wright will keep coming until you cant even move .
you just have to sit there not talk and stay still .
if these offensive things were not aloud to be showed i personally think it would help out are country is full of racist people and documents .
we did not know what to talk about since we all were so different .
thank you for your time and i hope you learned some shocking and interesting facts from this letter .
that is when i was patient .
keep on reading so i could tell you all about my three reasons .
another misfortune that the author explains is the touring changing .
she asked me whats wrong .
<caps> would also help them decide if they even want to read <caps> .
knowing that they would do the same for them .
censorship in libraries is one of our biggest issues .
wow in never felt one thing see i told you .
these reasons support why we need to have computers .
they are a tool of knowledge .
by keeping the hibiscus in her garden she can have a beautiful reminder of whose she came from .
censorship is becoming more severe with the change of music style .
this idea also relates back to the lack of exercise and naivety of people .
every human in the <location> is entitled to their own choice of religion .
the mood is also appreciative .
as soon as <caps> pole took off flying it started falling .
not only can you learn a lot from computers you can <caps> communicate with people from different countries .
<person> denies the book was written over censorship but his book gives our generation a great lesson .
the taller the building gets the stronger the wind current will be the more it adds on the building .
<caps> created a good mood cause <caps> knows <caps> has a lot of friends .
he was so happy knowing he waited forever sort of patiently and got the job he wanted .
and it more people are outside will notice how nature is and <person> says that use of the electricity in a house .
in the end the mooring mast was a failure because not all these obstacles could be solved and fixed .
i had began to be accepted by higher peer groups that used to look down on me and it seemed as if i had a lot of the attention .
but there are shows for kids to there like a movie but a little shorter .
i believe people would get upset if they would banned the stuff they love .
that happened about three more times throughout our two and a half hour practice .
finally after two hours the called me in
you can do all this on the computer and more .
they danced all night .
it was really exciting and fun .
to leave no books left on the shelf for any of us is like programing a robot to only do what you say .
getting there took too long .
although there could be a way to compromise .
it also depends on a persons age and maturity level .
<person> is thankful that he got the opportunity to grow up in such a great house and community .
why would anyone want to be indoors on a computer when you can go enjoy what nature posses .
we were out there for about <num> <caps> got tired and eventually we all went home .
kids fifteen and and older would understand .
computers are amazing advancement and this is why you should use one .
one of these ideas is using the empire state building as a mooring mast for dirigibles .
they still cant tell whats real and whats not .
you can also have conversations through email with no problem .
in the <organization> every person has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic that they want to .
it also shows the significance of a single building and how excited he was to see it .
fighting fire with fire only makes a larger fire .
you would not be too happy about it .
the greatest obstacle was nature .
nothing that would be inappropriate for the school rules though of course .
she gave the camera to her mom <caps> jumped <caps> to the bed .
it would keep things less complicated .
<caps> <caps> is something i have always loved every since my freshman year when i first started to run .
one day my friends and i were walking down the hall where he happened to be .
since the cyclist listened to the old mens directions he was furious with himself .
one girl sits by her computer doing homework .
computers enable us to communicate with them through email or video chat without the hefty price .
why put all that time toward the book being censored and not the school .
there is also morals behind them .
these are the things that make our relationship so special .
computers teach us and sometimes can guide you .
i believe they should set a timer on how long they are on the computer .
if there is something offensive about just ask a librarian if they can place that book or movie up higher on the shelves .
next day i walked in to school and i could see that everyone was looking at me .
i tried to say i was sorry but all she did was glare at me and walk away .
i thanked her all the end of the day for being so patient with me .
let your kids or grandchildren find out the danger on there own rather then you just keep telling them .
the rest of the <time> seemed like it could have been straight out of a movie .
one last obstacle that was apparent was the law that was made stating that airships could not fly low over urban areas .
i made a hand gesture telling her to come in .
for one the <location> has the most obese children in the world .
so think twice about the negative comments people say about computers .
it also holds information on past and current events .
laughing makes you feel great .
this family kept their door open because they cared about countless people around them .
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the mood of this memoir to me is comforting .
censorship is a disgrace and should not be forced in libraries .
my we should keep computers because we .
there should be restrictions against offensive materials .
when something gets a bad look sooner or later it will not be there anymore .
computers ruined my life .
i remember events from my past with my family and we get closer to each other and have some laughter for the happy moments .
used hydrogen rather than helium .
it is the best thing to research with .
the music of this world is very diverse .
i can just go on the computer and search whatever i want .
another thing is <caps> can get anything needed .
so it wont do any good to try to get rid of it .
another way to make someone laugh is telling jokes theres the knock knock shows and then theres the guess what i am jokes .
i just want people to understand what a small laugh can do to your day .
after in done writing have to put all the materials away and then put the letter in the mailbox and walk all the way back .
<caps> eventually we got on the ride and had a blast .
i do not believe that anybody should have the right to censor what content is provided in <caps> libraries .
my reason for using this is because my work is important to me .
for example in paragraph <num> he states i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
we were having a good <date> of fishing <person> it was starting to wrap up .
then out came the eight point bunch i shot him through the heart and lung .
both the authors parents had rich culinary skills and a love for cooking .
the one thing that should have been thought of before it was ever constructed was the law .
if it was not for his laugh would not be who he is .
eventually <person> dad left to work and he stays gone for quite some time so we had things to prepare for .
<caps> voice was all shaky and rough .
we paid <money> for <caps> and continued on our little adventure .
the waitress came back and asked us what we wanted to eat .
now thats a good game .
after wed been sitting there for house on end .
one of the obstacles that had to be faced was dealing with the hydrogen from dirigibles outside of the united states .
when she want to the greenhouse all of the .
when he finally reached the store he was excited and relived .
when we got their we all ordered our food and waited .
also most of kids parents can contact their teacher and email them to see how they are doing .
and all that good family comfort that we all crave at one time or another .
one day <person> seen a <caps> <caps> headline in a newspaper .
the sign said the wait was two and a half hours .
there was no way out .
it was any ordinary boring day <caps> school and i remember walking home hoping there would be something fun to do when i got home .
another obstacle was nature .
one time i had to be really patience .
thank you again for your time spent reading this .
it is easy to see how difficult the project was based on the many obstacles the builders had to face .
the geese will have returned to their home means that she will find a place to call home in this place one day .
they started it off with the seemingly small act of censoring books .
modifications would have to be made to the entire building .
then our friend <person> who was also on the trip with us had fallen flat on his face while he was trying to do a cartwheel .
the mood is happy because everyone in the memoir are enjoying their lives and their not worrying about anything .
however i went back into my shy self and walked back terrified to talk to her or any one else again .
so wen i woke up five people had already gone by .
computers breed had communication and you can easily communicate other ways with family and friends .
sometimes life can be so cool .
i had to think faster .
scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place .
just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college .
when it was dinner time we all sat down at the table to eat <person> and i were on one side and his parents on the other .
kids have lots of homework and without computers it would be nearly impossible to finish it all .
the workers realized that an accident with exploding blimps would be very dangerous in a such densely populated area .
doing everyone a favor .
<person> sensed that i had no clue <caps> <caps> was talking about so <caps> continued .
i do not think that a random stranger should have the right to decide what books to allow in a public library .
my family and i decided to go on the little rides first .
thats just like smoking .
i used my computer not only did i get my information quickly .
but when we finally got there it was worth it .
she was very patient .
it can tell you about crimes that are happening .
i turned around hoping to find something to distract me .
do not get me wrong .
this is not a hard decision to make .
i would see him during the <date> but not very often .
the mood of this memoir is positive and can be described in great meaning .
patience is something you need to get through your everyday life .
mostly <caps> all just make you laugh and giggle like your own little brothers or sisters .
these architects worked hard to build something that could never be used because of the violent air currents .
sometime life is complicated .
as more and more abandoned buildings and deserted towns appeared he went into despair .
so we had to be patient too .
the winds would be constantly shifting the mast .
it is the same idea with a book or magazine .
this child that is telling the story is telling about the happy things in their life .
many obstacles had gotten in the way of the builders in attempting dirigibles to dock there .
some of the things that <month> be hard for cyclist are the rough roads .
in plus the computer was getting boring .
all of can happen from staying off of computers .
that was when we heard an announcement .
the very first time we met he was picking on his cousin <caps> in a park up in <location> .
the author shows a calm mood when he says always filled the air with not just scent and music but life and love .
you can learn about other places and cultures .
about a half an hour <date> she got home .
a second way the setting affects the rider is the fact that nothing is around him .
the winds are much stronger than down the streets .
this will always happen and theirs nothing we can do about it .
so think about going on the computer all day and night .
<organization> and i could sit there for hours and laugh to the point where there was no stopping us .
every time her friends asks her about email she makes up some excuse and tries to avoid the subject .
thats some things that help us with life .
the setting easily can affect the cyclist in many ways .
one reason why censorships in libraries are a smart idea is younger children search for books there .
on his search my younger brother had found himself a sports illustrated magazine .
wind was also a major problem because it made the blimp difficult to stabilize in the air .
to always look at the map .
i grew up with my cousins around a lot of the time .
if computers did not have such a on people this would not be a problem .
i have had many horrible situations where just laughing has helped us work through it .
another obstacle was nature itself .
the dirigibles could harm innocent people .
the author love his parent for the love and sacrifice .
animals in the setting can also be effective .
many of the students are really disturbed by it .
i am just like everyone else i will forget them over the years real easy .
computer can help kids find info better we type your paper sloppy .
no one really goes for walks any more either .
this is one reason why our public library should not have rated <caps> movies .
we would learn this and would be able to teach others .
i said flustered and annoyed .
i really wanted to go on t the next part because i had so much time left and nothing to do .
one of the many times i went to the library i was looking for a book i had read before but i could not find it .
he <caps> ran into a snake which told him that i am getting deeper into the desert .
<caps> right after she screamed that <location> <caps> walks in .
i believe gossip is one of the main reasons why most people buy magazines .
family always makes everything special .
social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time .
remember though to not stay on too long .
my final reason is also very helpful .
with a click of a button and saves you time driving to the stores .
the only problem now was that i needed a new place to <caps> <caps> i found one quick .
some people might look at this question and instantly say yes .
i swear i was so irritated i wanted to pounce on them like and angry tiger getting ready to catch her prey .
computers help peoples every day lives and they could be helping yours .
when long-distance phone calls are too expensive most of the world and i rely on computers to talk to out far-away friends .
there are little kids that will want to look at anything they can get their hands on .
most recent information i would have now to go find banks published recently enough carry this significant fact .
before we when it the door opened and its <organization> he wanted to say he loves us and good night .
<caps> they teach you how to use a computer .
we can learn something from any thing we read .
without them i would not know what laughter is .
<person> hand shot straight up in the air .
my mothers food looked amazing like usual .
besides the technical issues there were some obvious obstacles that oddly never got considered or addressed .
<person> and i would talk to each other in the voice that we adapted from <caps> and laugh constantly about <num> <time> <caps> is also where we adapted the demonic voice .
censorship is used in the media to prevent people from being offended by what they see or hear .
computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics .
the light coming on to your eyes is like staring at the sun but not quit as damaging .
<caps> friends pick me out to be the clown in our group .
my final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is courage .
that is the mood of the memoir throughout the whole passage .
however many people are not very patient .
she goes to the store and buys her meat from the freezer section .
my mom says i have to be <num> before i can get my ears pierced .
if not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions .
in i mite not be into what they are into .
i was patient for those nine days of waiting .
this process continues until the certain person can barely yet out of their chair .
our social studies teacher <person> says that <percent> of his projects involve something on the computer .
my mom had to sign in and we sat down .
her mother then comes and shares the moment with her .
and <person> and my brother <caps> dying from the wait .
both of these obstacles were reasons that explain the failure of the mooring mast .
there are just way to many good books that would have to be gone forever
he reached into his pocket and pulled out the lone ring .
one in which was created again in this memoir .
if l would of complained then she would of said then why did you come .
you know people that like to travel to far away places and have fun would rather that than waste their time on a computer .
in this memoir there is a mood created by the author .
i gave everyone their lunch with a big smile and it was honestly great .
hand-eye is involved with almost everything you do .
music can also be on the good side too .
it also depends on how they get along and how they treat each other .
by taking things off the shelfs that maybe other people like oppose to others then your taking that right away as a <caps> citizen .
authors use endings that make people wonder so people think .
a <caps> <caps> i once heard laughter is the best medicine .
so then we had to wait for the nurse to come back in and put a cast on .
if you ever feel hopeless and like theres nothing for you .
if you have laughter in a friendship it can really impact the relationship in a very good way .
happiness was shown throughout the story .
would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
they had to do this because the stress of the dirigibles load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
they also play with complete stranger .
i had to be patient because the two coaches had to pick who was going to be on a team and if so which team .
they had no landing gears what so ever so it was hard to steady it and dock it .
those working on the project of the mooring mast consulted with experts from the u .
we arrived back at the house at <num> in the <time> .
computers are just a money wasting thing that get in your way of life .
the scenery was getting more and more empty .
i honestly believe that is could be the a short distance .
she wanted to know if we can have a sleepover in her back yard .
about a later a <num> years guy is with his mom .
the setting in the story rough road ahead plays a great role on the characters journey .
the next features of the setting which caused a problem were the tumbleweeds and a ridiculously large snake .
all of the travel information from plane tickets to the right currency is at your fingertips on a computer .
i think of my mom because she tries to be really patient .
this was an obstacle because it would be at a cost of <money> .
that made me jump and run .
to late it already has .
every where you look people are using computers .
music has also been around for many centuries and it has done many things .
he was running out of water and his legs felt like they were going to break off .
we are so fortunate today to have even computers in our school because my grandparents would have loved to have something as quick and as simple as a computer .
everyone was laughing so hard during the extravaganza .
laughing keeps people together and makes relationships grow stronger .
until my sister reminded me of it and told me that story .
they could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the buildings flat roof .
heres a time when i was patient .
we will all end up dies in the headlights .
they could learn bad things about it and children tend to think they are invisible drawing them to try anything or everything that could possibly be life-taking .
my first reason is because the computer can teach you how to type faster .
she thought it was just being blown out of proportion .
there are few materials available that should rightfully be censored and taken out of adult hands .
such as in war books the characters curse a lot .
she never laughed and she never smiled .
so this is the first reason <caps> read the next on .
many people complain about small things like that when the reading material could be a lot worse than it is .
i think that because in the memoir the author says that his parents would let people live with them until they got back on their feet .
that way no kid will have nightmares any more .
if someone begins to dispose of books that they are not interested in the library will lose all of the visitors that do find that topic enjoyable .
her mother will be proud of her .
we walked on for about <num> seconds .
other material could just be blatantly inappropriate for some to have access to .
my team mates made me feel even worse because they could not guess what i was for the life of them .
i was choking on my words as i talk to my best friend <person> .
<caps> friends and i laugh constantly .
there have been times when my mother will not allow me to read a book because it dealt with issues that i was not ready to learn about .
but the boy still would interrupt <person> and i .
censorship cannot be seen as the norm .
on a computer you can talk to people from not only all over the <caps> .
not having computers would have a worse effect on people then with having computers .
this shows that love fills the air which is happy .
i had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading .
being censored from things makes people want to rebel and learn the truth .
he observed how the mid-wife gracefully glided to his mothers bedside to prop her head up with another pillow .
since some of the kids in my school who have special needs have a hard time reading .
i find this to be completely true .
books that are found offensive should not be taken off of library shelves .
so i strongly you to vote being a negative effect .
blocks off things that you think is important for your child .
another thing you can do is learn about recent events .
as a kid it seems like the end of the world in these situations .
that is why i think it is not right to spend all your time on the computer .
most of the time these words are said when i am angry at myself or another person .
another big problem is education .
research showed that the majority of the obese patients spent excessive time on their little boxes of ten .
<organization> had sent her a friend request and asked for her digits .
and you would be lonely because you gave up your family just so you can play a game on the computer .
i felt a little tingle in my head saying your mom is still following you so i turned around and she was not there .
during lunch time i sat at my usual place in the hall .
then when he went to switch to his left leg he let out the biggest fart i have ever heard .
there is actually more than one mood that is set in this memoir .
another reason i feel this way is the way he describes the types of friendships he has with is neighborhood .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to tie up at the mooring mast .
she cries when she sees the plants because it reminds her of her old home .
we ended up not finishing the game because it was way to funny .
<caps> type of censorship also allows for a parent to choose if their child can see it .
i helped other people .
everyone has a right to discover the thoughts of others as long as they keep in mind they <month> not always be pleased with the outcome .
our reply was pure laughter .
another effect is learning about computers and how to use it step one turn it on .
he freaked out a little bit and asked why i shot him .
computers are to blame for our worlds weight issues .
the features of the setting in the essay do not exceed the posted speed limit affected the cyclist in a negative way .
one time i were a patient was when i broke my arm .
so i went back to their room and told them to stop again .
its like drugs they are so easy to get .
those are endless possibilities at entertainment on a computer .
seventy-two percent of kids who spend all their time on the computer are over weight .
yet <person> did not take the shot .
so this is why i think having technology is good in our society .
this piece of evidence is located in paragraph two .
this shows that the three causes of laughter is real .
this memoir had an upbeat tone due to the positivity and optimism of the author .
how could he be laughing at his own laugh .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show the importance of new beginnings and to accentuate the theme in the story .
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about .
laughter can make a bad situation slightly bearable .
due to the flammability of hydrogen this dangerous eruption could wreck havoc on the densely populated city below .
someone can be really interested in them items and they come to the library search for them and cant find them .
all my family members were outside .
so i parted her hair and put it in two ponytails .
then thats where <caps> goes bad .
many parents that they get computer because its so fun so they .
she will then take that test again because its a new start for her and a new beginning .
they came selflessly .
also he is running out of water .
if i were the cyclist gazing at the sign i would die just knowing there was trouble up ahead .
an he appreciates him because of the same thing i said before he admires them and always thank them for what they have done to her .
that is why you should agree with me that we
one would always grab my legs the other would grab my arms and they would swing me until they just t threw me in the pool .
we both began to dig through the bucket .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
thats for my bike so .
then a lot of people came over .
my mom said thank you for being patient i was you welcome i said thank you for buying it .
he could suffer from heat exhaustion .
she was mad at rain .
i had to beat <organization> at <num> .
i was still walking an the sound effects were so funny i laugh at it still .
when people use computers they burning fuel which harms our environment .
even if they are good or bad .
he was lucky to find a fish camp in the middle of nowhere and to have found water .
i am not a patient type of person .
it builds the tone and mood of the story or character .
the computer is like a addiction .
that <caps> of <date> <caps> was great .
the author explains a feeling of unity and friendship .
its their business and they decide what materials stay and which ones go .
and the rest of my night was only going to get worse .
if people are offended by a certain genre they do not have to come in contact with it .
we kept driving there and i knew it would take a while but i kept my patience and fell asleep most of the time .
we are not forced to read that book or listen to that song or look at the magazine .
it will be hilarious .
the conclusion has been made the dirigibles land in landing fields because they can be weighted down in the back with lead weights .
even excel lets you make graphs and any char t imaginable .
the computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society .
a lack of exercise and proper body maintenance results .
arguments about every little thing will always be at hand .
you never now till it happens .
i do believe that no children should be handed or put in front of uncensored adult conduct because one-hundred percent unacceptable .
in the mean time censors should be put on these items or taken off the shelf .
they were all each other had anything not matter where they came from .
last but not least that was a time that i was a patient person .
there are books out there that describe in detail sexual scenes and many parents do not want their kids to read these kinds of books .
the clock had an hour on each side .
the way that the rest of the story is told is as if this is a turning point or an end to the en time boot .
the can talk to other the world .
now for my third reason .
the terrain of rolling hills will tire out the cyclist quicker than if he were still on the flat road .
third is what song we <caps> going to sing to them .
we would talk to them and we made class fun .
the law against airships were they were not allowed to fly low around urban areas .
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean .
our trip was only suppose to be three ours long but one of cars that was following us was stopped by something that slashed their tire .
this affects the cyclist because he gets dehydrated because of the horrid heat .
they blocked books because they thought that it would show a side of things to children that they did not want them to see .
i am going to be writing about a time when i was patient .
people today are spoiled .
not all magazine have something that can be use to educate .
a soldier who is in the army will take killings and seeing deaths much easier than a <caps> of a company .
being on the for a while is not a waste of time .
this type of material should only be given to an older audience .
so the next day she when i woke up i woke up to early .
sometimes books can cause things to happen in families .
the book are put there for a reason and not just to be walked past .
you can do many things on it .
some ways that they handle this problem can get a little extreme .
we shut them off to spend time with each other .
you take your own risk walking into a store and seeing what they have in store for you .
i waited <num> minutes for a sub that is like waiting to get pizza .
what to do now let you on the computer again .
some think that books and music should have different kinds of ratings .
the worst part was i had to get three shots and i hate shots .
it will create a more civil trip to the library .
she came out and gave me my brown shire i left at my friends house .
also i got the mood of welcomeness because his parents always let people in the house .
to sum things up computers are a to citizens and cause them to drive out family and friends .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
other people might like it or they might like it themselves if they give a chance .
it should not be the libraries own job to say what you can and can not check out .
it was <organization> and <person> .
everything was going up-side down .
rather than just getting rid of it all together .
when it talks about a family being not only people that are blood-related to you i think of my friends and the people i can count on .
this has also helped us in wars .
when i was patient .
most dirigibles from outside of the united states used hydrogen .
the person on the computer obviously does not care if they sleep or not .
if we do take off the offensive stuff off the self then there are not any more on the self .
but the people that work on computers all day is a different thing .
this meant that the builders would have to change the plan of how the building could be built to be able to hold the dirigibles .
there seemed to be many problems erupting during the making of the dirigibles dock .
the builders were unaware of the obstacles to come .
we switched spots and off we went .
there are more than six billion people in the world .
you can chat with people even if there is no one around .
mainly parents and educators find these materials such as books offensive and do what they can to get this book taken out of libraries at schools .
i was getting myself into .
by the way <organization> is <num> years old and <caps> is <num> years old .
the reason why this story is caring is because they <caps> all the people stay there and they aid them until those people could move .
another problem which was encountered with the building was the wind .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature .
some schools know a day almost depend on computers .
but then he found that along the shortcut there was no building .
the idea of the mooring was shelved .
the rocks and the little toys seemed to attract him more .
many times literature gets removed before their true meaning can be shown to anyone .
we finally fixed the car and drove the rest of the way .
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit adds drama into the story by how it affects the cyclist .
i will never be that patient again .
into a computer to add beats and different vocals .
since birth my mother has dreaded the day of potty training whom she knew would be coming soon .
they should stop the computer games .
the monstrous structure had to withstand very high winds .
this would create exhaustion .
people have told her that she should become a comedian .
to me music is something more to express your feelings .
havening a little bit of patience .
it will be sad if you throw your life away just because of a computers .
the mood the author creates in this memoir is a feeling of relationships and love between so called extended family .
it showed the shock <caps> our faces as we held onto each other for support .
which leads to safety being another obstacle .
they might not be able to save a persons life .
well some features might have more than others and the cyclist might have more than others .
the computer provides a relaxing way to enjoy yourself when it is late at night or a rainy-day .
overall the author concludes the story with the paragraph because it gives off a great image to keep trying and never give up .
<person> was given another miracle .
this is important because it is another obstacle that would ultimately make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
once they finally started back up the rain started back up .
last few days before heading back plans were still going accordingly .
both are very bad if you are lost and on a bike .
no books would be left if we censored libraries because people could find thing bad or unmoral in every book .
all of these problems were amplified because it was even more unsafe for these problems to exist in such a populated area .
so lets put a stop to it now .
when my dad got back my brother went to go ride his <num> .
all types of genres of all types of entertainment can be found in libraries .
once i eat i have to be patient for gym .
all of these types belonging to a certain decade .
i called my <caps> and we waited until she got home .
on the <date> every one has their own agenda that they fallow .
i have have had a lot of patience in my life .
but for the library to have things like that on their shelves is just very offensive to parents and other <caps> .
i <caps> been patient .
if you put bad things in your mind that is all you will begin to think about and it will become a part of your life
another problem is that it is illegal for airships to fly too low to urban areas .
it is always good to be able to contact anyone who is wanted .
the actual building was a problem too .
another reason that he was proud is that he has loving parents that want him to be successful in life .
when this memoir is read the mood of love is expressed .
so we had to walk back across the school to the tool room and get another pair .
to me laughter is what makes people so unique .
there was a limited amount of water in the bottles .
i watched <caps> <caps> which killed off enough <num> hours .
according to the passage this law would make it illegal to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
sharing a <caps> is a great way to start friendships and keep them thriving .
my last reason is why do people want to be on computers all day .
when i was <num> years old i lived in <location> with a family of six not including me .
that my final reason for why you should go with computers .
i hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary .
the dirigibles were so large that the buildings structure was at danger of failing and destroying the building .
they even contact them by chatting threw websites .
the other day <caps> family <caps> i went grocery shopping .
i think patience is very important .
that connective force is a result of the power of laughter .
safety was a concern .
it feels good to laugh here an their .
<caps> <person> <caps> i sit downstairs waiting anxiously for our hot chocolate by the heater to get warm .
there you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the <organization> .
if you take out the diversity in your product your going to lose the diversity in your customers as well .
as i read i noticed the building never fulfilled its purpose .
<caps> can bring your family closer together .
since most people access these websites from their computers its another bad effect of computers on people .
summer came around and our moms planned me to stay a week at her house while my parents were on vacation .
one of the very important obstacles they had to face was the thousand-foot dirigible adding stress to the buildings frame .
but that just the basics .
she walked out her front door and trotted to our car .
love is the cause of laughter .
when you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource .
i believe that computers do have a positive effect on a persons life style .
he started going and i had my thumb up for a while waiting for him to get going .
in <caps> <num> it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
he used pebbles that he had found to put in his mouth to help circulate the saliva he had in his mouth .
many references to home was made throughout the piece because home is a place of comfort and happiness .
some music can teach you what goes on in a person life or what goes on in their heads .
the greatest one being violent winds so high up .
thats exactly why l believe patience is important .
parents and other people have been concerned about the censorship of libraries .
i particularly enjoyed this memoir .
computers today are consuming our world .
she hollered back up the stairs .
this statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on .
most media and books have things uncensored for many different reasons and i think its going good .
but no matter how you look at it .
a lot of business transactions and presentations are done out on a computer for maximum efficiency .
why i stated that is <caps> its unhealthy for many people .
the content of a library should be full of various material even if one <month> find certain materials offensive .
these three reasons are why i feel the <organization> is under-appreciated .
my opinion on the varieties of things found in our library are good .
i will never forget the day the ambulance pulled up in front of their perfectly serene house .
look what they have given us today .
one hot <date> day my family and i went to <organization> .
and for the first time that day i thought to myself that moving might turn out to be okay .
one reason is because newspapers was the way to send out information .
some say that computers are causing people to spend less time enjoying nature .
we agreed on telling each other everything that has happened and not to lie about anything .
let them find out about stuff when they ask a question .
today it seems like the world is held together by technology and i think computers are at number one .
or are we going to say that it is too dark and depressing for the average persons eyes .
that was a time i was patient
they are very helpful in many ways .
they simply fueled the fire .
a library is supposed to be a variety of books .
you might be able to see how an <caps> household runs .
right then and there i knew something was going to happen .
some people like to stay and read the newspaper and listen to music while out in the library .
this shows adapting to and accepting her new life away from her home and her memories .
it is a horror movie that made it hard to fall asleep for a few days .
safety was the biggest concern at each stage .
people who love horror movies probably hate comedies .
thats suppose to be a love poem .
i highly disagree with what the media feeds to our minds as to the way our looks and lifestyle should be .
researching topics is not the only way to get false information .
the architects knew that they could not just drop a mooring mast on the empire state building .
the meaning behind <time> would be that you can just turn a bad situation into a good one if you rearrange the problem .
these relationships are described in detail .
another feature of the setting that the author described was the cyclists location .
we can also search any topic from a computer anywhere .
it just barely fit all of us .
with out laughter i would not be as close to my friends .
i have been patient everyday in school .
computers open you up met new friends .
the architects could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
this lead to a question of safety for the passengers getting on and off .
we all understand the benefits of laughter .
i agree with the experts who think that we should spend more time outdoors with friends and family .
there is no way to make sure that <caps> book in the library wont offend a single person .
you never know what somebody enjoys doing .
my family and i got up super early to drive to the airport .
to add on to that this is good for are society because if we use paper thats killing more trees .
then we pasted by a photo booth were they took a picture of you dressed up as if you were a pilgrim .
the author did it to symbolize things .
if there was movie that was made that was racist against <caps> people the government would probably censor it .
i noticed all the grumpy faces of the people who wanted to get on with the flight .
in unity it shows that in their neighborhood most of the immigrants were always having feasts and being really close to each other .
i sat there for a second and just stared .
<person> was still the last person in line his patience went down quite a bit .
i sighed and put a pot of water on the stove .
they get caught up in drugs or the fame that it puts them in .
so she then gets hope from it .
<organization> tells her to be careful and to watch all for the wicked witch .
hearing my little brother <caps> over the phone crying because he cant see me .
we had just gotten back from the <organization> .
i use laughter as a way to make people feel better about themselves and my self .
i fell that this test is stupid i hate reading and writing .
now everyday i talk to her on the computer .
there has been a problem with censorship in libraries recently .
it is illegal to have such a low-flying aircraft .
viruses can come in many strengths some can crash your computer some just send boat loads of pop-ups to your monitor .
also the law was against this idea .
for example in the story he says id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you had left to circulate .
one <month> raise the question of these books possibly invoking violence .
that was one time that i should patience .
that was the story when i had patients .
building a <num> ft tall building was hard adding a mast would be even harder .
we stood there for five minutes in an awkward silence .
computers is a positive affect for our country because it helps us find information for school and for location were to go .
the party started at <num> am .
these winds would cause the back of the dirigible to blow around freely with the wind .
this quote shows how he was given love by his family and friends through these celebrations .
and then i was like .
it is already <date> and we are using the computer for so much .
then also some offensive material like videos or movie can be very fun and make the movie great to watch .
yet looking back you forget what was so funny .
just post a question on a public site use people with first hand experience will answer <caps> with all the detail you need and more .
we had a lack of trust and i just wanted to tell him he was wrong .
sh might have also understood that if her mum could get over being mad then she would over come being upset about the test .
most dirigibles outside of the united states use hydrogen .
when you get exercise you can lose weight .
the architects could not just place the mooring mast or it would rush the building .
he had picked <caps> up from my house so we could hangout at his .
my grandpa ever so kindly offered to go pick her up but then i mentioned that <caps> and i could go do it .
the dirigibles would weigh the building down so they would have to find a way to prevent damaging the building .
my most favorite novels is the <caps> <caps> .
getting together all the time was life in his house .
these books are all written in a style of their own and can bring a different lesson to every reader .
i was banging on the door trying to just the back and i wait in the bathroom and handled my business .
books are not racist so other people can be made fun of but to learn what they went through .
now its just something about a rear wheel drive car and snow that makes us kids again .
libraries could take some time to separate the books into categories and the books that they feel are offensive could go into a separate section of the library .
<location> is a place where much business happens for the <organization> .
they have lots of websites for games .
this is an easy fix .
the library staff should not be aloud to choose what books are aloud because if some one has a fine they get money .
the mooring mast was not completed mainly because of safety .
computer are helpful when your car is broken down or when you have no car .
some parents might not know what their child is looking at in the library and wants them to be safer .
they need to let others think for themselves and let them read what they want to .
my mom and i have a great relationship .
<person> began to wonder .
we do not need anymore reasons for people to judge someone based on something that they read .
the water replenished the cyclist allowing him to regain some of his strength .
i did that for maybe the first time in my life to say hi to her .
used hydrogen instead of helium .
this means that with every season she get more used to her new home and if became more like her and with every season .
but his friends kept him going saying the traffic is good we need to keep going .
most importantly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people .
in this case patient was a great thing for <person> and i .
if <caps> based on a true story and <caps> offensive it should be heard anywise because <caps> part of history .
many people cant be patient .
you can easily find what you are looking for and you are able talk to anyone you want .
many other people believe that laughter is an important of any relationship .
one problem was that the blimps use hydrogen instead of helium to fly .
but the more we laugh the more we are going to be happy .
the economy is bad enough the way it is .
the way an author tries to entertain <month> offend you if they use a certain language with a certain tone .
neither of us were asleep but i had no idea what to say .
so thats a good thing .
she wanted both me and <person> to stay the <time> .
people get addicted to them everyday .
there was no sign of hope .
that is why i think the author used such a powerful statement at the end .
all books have different themes and subjects and all readers have different opinions on them .
my mom had a few tactics to try to get us to stop .
every one has there own opinions and there own view on things .
one time i was patient when i was in <location> getting on a ride called <caps> <caps> parents <caps> .
in the <location> we have the technology of a computer .
it is against the law for airships to fly low over urban areas .
the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to adopt there was very hard for them .
he was in the desert and anything could happen .
nobody can really help with what people <month> find in the library but i think its a good idea to keep that kind of stuff in a public place .
my way of that is me at a doctors office and waiting for <num> hours to get a brace for my friend of wrist .
you could play talk to people like your friends .
i finally got them back in the month of <date> .
were run on hydrogen rather than helium .
people always joke about him around him .
was neither practical nor safe .
children are very curious .
another problem was that a dirigible was made of hydrogen and could easily catch fire and explode .
as i waited patiently until all of <caps> old relatives opened their presents it was finally <caps> turn .
but i cant wait till my friends come to the bus .
my mom had heard me run up the stairs and came to tell me the story of what was really going on .
family and friends are huge parts of our life .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
another reason censorship should be under control is the titles to these materials .
but i cant really blame them .
i went to him because we could talk about why i was feeling that way .
it seemed like took forever .
this was true because it would add stress to the buildings frame .
it allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally .
the ladies working in the craft shop were laughing at us and it had us laughing at ourselves too .
there is a reason the rating is what it is .
the situation is different for each person .
this could have made a dirigibles strain against the building or fresh against the mooring point .
so out of no where i began laughing with my friend and laughing different ways and carried on a whole conversation just with laughter .
this is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations .
my mum wanted to leave .
kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to .
its really nice to just be with the family and catch up .
these are all websites that have chats where people can communicate .
we went out to lunch together .
we need to preserve through every problem we go through in life .
almost all the things and materials in this world are liked and disliked all based upon opinions .
you need exercise to stay healthy too .
this unsafe why would the build something harmful to others .
after that we went back onto the trails and skipped through the trees .
we jumped out of the hot tub and ran for the back room to dry off and get our clothes on .
if they had thought it through these obstacles could have been prevented .
we should be able to have higher knowledge on a topic we feel the need to learn about .
studies show that reading will make you much smarter and able to understand and comprehend well .
so putting materials off of shelves is not the answer
by cutting away different materials would be stopping people from enjoying the world of minds .
and i <caps> believe laughter between two or <caps> people is an important part of any <caps> of <caps> .
then <caps> started telling me a joke .
thats why i think that having the big memories of the really funny thing has kept us together .
we love to laugh and just have fun .
the author sets a real nostalgic feel about happy memories in the memoir .
it was the best thing in the whole world .
the library might be the only place that someone could have access to that sort of material .
when you email some one and then the email you back it saves the and government money .
its like stealing candy from a baby .
so to do this she called her friend <caps> to see if she wanted to come over .
so some people might like to learn about offensive things .
someone else <month> not find it offensive and might actually enjoy that reading material .
another thing they can do out of a hundred others is let you communicate with other people no matter how far away .
its good to get offended sometimes .
i will not dislike you for your opinion and i will not look at you any differently .
i was about to leave when i saw it .
the familiarity of the plant comforts her and will allow her to build up the courage to take the test again .
but i was staying patient as i could but it was vary hard .
that night will never be forgotten by me or any of the other people that were there .
but i still think that there are ways to use computers without the bad cause .
libraries hold information that is raw and true without leaving the facts behind .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
it was good we even stopped at burger-vile to get a couple burgers cause fat boy was so hungry all the time non stop eating .
i feel this conclusion is very fair and considerable .
in the end laughing was what we needed to do we had come this far that we could either give up or push and succeed .
i think they should make better songs for kids .
are some good reasons why computers are good and help you .
are people today spending to much time on computers .
this means that that he is so relieved that he has finally found water and he wants to thanks the owners of the bait shop for providing it .
this means not many people are going to want the dirigibles docking there .
then the image of me spilling the orange juice came to mind .
<caps> team and i sprinted on to the field .
i would say that i am a very healthy person .
the author goes on to say that it troubled him .
the subject of censorship in libraries has been brought upon many times .
who knows what would have happened if the panicked <caps> would have made it to the beach all by himself .
because of the ghost town and the old pump he had to continue on .
they were like family to all of us and no one wanted to see them go .
we were laughing together .
the owners of the empire state building realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as down town .
i will tell you how laughter is a big part in my family .
than it keeps that mood going when he tells us about all the people that come over regularly for dinner .
they both <caps> walking to the firing range .
there <caps> was sick looking .
a time i was patient was when i had to save up my money to get the new game halo reach .
computer the average kid will usually pick the computer .
in result trying to censor libraries by removing books and music really is doing anything .
i talked for a long time .
she takes one look at the half-naked girls fighting each other and turns off the <caps> and declares that professional wrestling is too adult for me .
i went on a few rides and then got hungry so me and my family went to go get some cotton-candy .
the old men swore there was a town coming up so he put his trust and confidence in him once again .
over the years <person> and i have become closer and closer friends .
eventually everyone is going to be exposed to the type of material in some of these books and etc .
i has so many information in it you wont even think a person it .
if you miss someone or you just want to talk there is websites that let you do that .
another obstacle was nature itself .
we had to wait for about twenty minutes and <caps> was raining .
i can never be mad at my grandparents because they know so many tricks to make my self laugh .
lets go back around <num> years ago .
mom said we are going to have to be patient all day if we want to ride all the rides .
i threw the door open and ran inside to get some water .
were using our knowledge of how to communicate with others .
like anyone i asked her what was wrong .
this could make some satisfying results .
new read on for reason .
it is often said that laughter can bring people together .
computers are <caps> morphing devices that take away <caps> points in life .
after the movie was done me and my mom headed home and we fell asleep right when we got <caps> .
so they packed up there camping gear and headed farther into the woods it was around dusk when they reached were they wanted to be .
or those who will do anything just to spend time on the computer .
or at least your children have .
or maybe a kid can read a book and can learn bad stuff .
for example i always want to hang out with <person> because we always laugh together and have a good time .
this question could be answered in two very different opinions .
it was the bottom of the first and i feel a huge drop of <caps> touch my head .
it is because we have shared so many happy memories .
safety was another problem .
certain weather conditions were a big part of the safety procedures that took place .
this angers many especially when one ponders how much slavery as well as the <caps> <caps> affected and shaped us into who we are today .
i get grounded but item worth it because i get candy .
and thats a time when i was patient .
another reason the author might end the story with that paragraph is to have a effect on the reader .
<person> said thank you for taking care of <caps> little sister i love you man .
i think that movies and magazines should be removed from the shelf because they might have some stuff in it that little kids could look at or watch .
all of the homes warmth and comfort was crammed into a three-room apartment .
thats why people turn out like they do .
it is all according to you own personal opinion .
i was felling better now .
i put my shoes on and headed back out the door .
they are full of so much more information than books .
take away computers and people will die alone and sad .
you could mess up someones family of living .
we all laughed again .
so when i get out of school and i had a very long day .
<percent> <organization> my friends say that computers are a waste <organization> time .
sure you can talk to people on the computer but you cant bond with them or really see what they are feeling .
this shows how he loved his home .
the force of a dirigible being blown around by heavy winds could prove to be too much for the structure of the building .
<caps> looked at me like i was from a different planet .
i left feeling more happy and excited than i have felt in months .
if a teen helps with a then they can ask a for help .
the builders of the empire state building faced a few obstacles when having dirigibles to dock there .
a computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera .
two computers are good for you in many ways .
my finale reason as to why i think computers are good is they can help you on homework too .
<caps> was about <time> okay i though time to go to bed .
for homework said a teenager .
it <caps> that his parents sacrificed for him .
the empire state building was so high the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
many people say that computers can have a bad effect on people .
the mood <caps> creates is that where you find the good in a life where there might not be too much good .
in my personal opinion i believe anyone should have the right to read or watch whatever they choose .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
features of the setting affect the cyclists moods in many ways .
laughter could be an open way to win another heart .
one obstacle the builders faced in attempting to let dirigibles dock on the empire state building is the high flammability they have .
i have seen some great <caps> <caps> <caps> movies but i have also see some bad ones too .
i guess he just always has to be doing something .
you should buy a computer today .
we were in the car on our way to <location> .
can you see now why i believe that having computers around is good .
not only adults do this though .
a lot of people we very rude to her .
we cannot allow our lives to be taken over by censorship .
this shows because as time progresses while you are on the computer you realize that typing becomes easier .
if a book is offensive thats not a reason to take it off the shelves we watch movies in school today showing the past when <location> had slaves .
we stop each other from doing really stupid things .
i think that my mom protected me from what could have been bad .
both parties in <caps> case are still able to say and express their own opinions .
history books and elders stories can always somehow be mixed and could cause trouble .
everyone likes different things .
this will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive around people .
stand up for your rights and censor out those things that will lead to worse lives of those to come .
it builds you up when you are down .
the way natures heading we will all end up dieing no thanks to computers .
safety played a large role in the building of the empire state building .
also a great way to have fun and lose calories at the same time .
when he saw the building he was relived but when he found out it was abandoned he was sad .
people all have there own mind sit to away that they want to live or how they want there kids to live .
i set down the phone and started to laugh .
they have a very positive effect on you .
it is really <caps> that those cultures could be in a friendly neighborhood during those times .
i think computers are good though .
which in a sense is hurting the censorship of all the people who choose to take part in it .
to get the recommended dose of <caps> <caps> a day you only need to absorb <num> minutes of sunlight a day .
it makes me think that <caps> plans to start her life over in comparison with the hibiscus .
the last place in the story were the author creates a happy mood is when the neighborhood came together .
they also give people facts about faraway places .
just a simple laugh got us out of being in so much trouble .
the greatest obstacle builders faced was nature .
because he listened to same old men he went without water for most of his trip .
that night we went out for dinner at <organization> .
i was visiting a prompt last week .
sure some novels <month> expose a few word of profanity or discrimination but everyone has to deal with it .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
a lot can be learned from books and without books there can not and will not be knowledge that is spread for future generations to come .
and i also hope you agree with me .
when she takes the test as the plant blooms its like support from her country .
that is all related to freedom of speech .
so as we got back in the car i stayed up the rest of the way there .
if these items are censored or taken off the shelfs the resources would be limited and or no help to the people searching for the information .
it in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs .
it gives them a bad name .
they can also read classics by great authors .
who knows developing social skills could help you in the future .
well i think not how would that make you feel .
i think that this was a really good mood to set in a story .
so we took the warning and walked on .
it was his friends from high school there were three of them .
after a study they proved that talking on a phone is cheaper then using the computer .
he had just the most straight angry look on this face .
thank you for your time .
this battle continued for most the <time> and people got hit in the funniest of ways .
in paragraph nine it says the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
after i counted the circling tiles i played <caps> all with my dad i won and we ate up <num> minutes <caps> the rest of the time i played my <caps> .
computers has a negative effect on people .
next i looked at the t .
i <caps> never been able to feel like i can express myself around her .
its said that laughter is the shortest distant between two people .
in attempting to let dirigibles dock at the empire state building the builders faced many problems .
i was saving it for when we listened to it .
i knew <caps> was going to be a long trip so i decided to take a nap .
computers are negative to people since they ruin their relationships with friends and family .
i think the best way to have a good relationship full of laughter is to make it your all .
i glanced over my shoulder and saw <person> running at me .
i think that other people could feel this way so thats why we need to limit the computer .
she told me that these girls threw their lunches at her and were calling her names .
we try to help each other in any way as possible .
i hope you take this letter consideration .
instances like this happy everyday int he local library .
also because of the heat he could have dehydration of heat strokes .
one main problem was that it was clearly unsafe because dirigibles from outside the united states use hydrogen instead of helium .
the first obstacle was one of safety .
the book would not bring the same meaning as it would if it is being changed
everyone should have patience .
this climate decreased the rate of travel the cyclist intended to exert .
the best way is to play lots of education video games .
from our libraries due to many reasons .
one day when i was patient is when i was waiting was waiting <caps> <num> to come out of game stop .
these two things consist of the signs .
one day i was patient was when i tried out for volleyball .
you can research faraway people and places to see what life is like around the globe .
that was the <caps> impatience group of people id ever seen .
<caps> what brings people together .
as i said before computers are very useful for the advances of hand-eye coordination .
they try to make it look like its a good thing to do and that it is so fun to do all those things .
patience is a virtue .
the beetles sang about all the stuff singers sing about now .
some people learn more about people from books .
laughter is important to everyone .
thinking somethings offensive is just an opinion and every person has a different look on things .
tell me did it work out of did it go bad with your family if you are it probably will work for you .
censorship was originally started during the <caps> <caps> in <location> with the <caps> <caps> .
the builders of the empire state building were faced with many problems when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because he was in the middle of no-where with no water or direction .
their community had a strong bond .
this censorship will only cause future issues .
also the mood was good because they came got an apartment and at the end every ones happy because it became their home .
so you should always have patiences .
another set back is in paragraph <num> .
that was the time i had patients and it payed off .
to prove there over twenty <caps> .
<caps> will just take up all of your time .
being in that situation and setting i would have given up .
the gases that are used to <caps> the dirigible to make it lighter than air are highly flammable .
<caps> i have a good day or a good weekend i laugh a lot
another obstacle was <organization> safety .
we spent about an hour worth of time in the line and it made me mad .
being patient is hard to be .
i can tell u who wants to do that .
so if i want something to look back and laugh on i had bettered to what i consider my part and making this planet a shared and healthy planet .
this law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or approach the area .
the line moved up again .
thank you for your time .
i was doing all i can to get in the bathroom .
do you think people spend to much time on the computer do .
young children should not be exposed to those things yet .
if you need to make quick plans maybe for a movie with a couple of friends just send them an email or a message on <caps> .
they are my three ms and i live by them .
my family and i were getting <num> pug puppies from a nice lady who lived <num> minutes away .
<caps> latter <caps> we went for our walk i asked him about it .
i hope one day we can all turn off out computers for good .
people interact a thousand times a day on the computers .
the editor for the <location> local states <caps> parents live over <num> miles away .
when i went home i went to sleep the next morning i was at home watching <caps> .
another reason why i think books or magazines should be removed from a shelf is to learn new thing .
i believe that computers can a very great needed affect on you .
i think this <caps> is explaining exactly how dehydrated the cyclist actually was .
being patient means you are understanding and tolerant .
<caps> playing on computers is one of the worst things that they can do with their time .
its so hard not to feel better when laughing .
the hibiscus will be budding which means that she herself will branch out and learn more .
some libraries do not carry <person> books because he uses curse words .
many of my own friends are update status or pictures on <caps> for three hours every night .
computers are also important and helpful in the home .
those are some reasons why the mood of the memoir is grateful .
what made it better was that she still came over all the time .
the builders of the empire state building were faced with many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
people also do not get to spend as much as their days outdoors and interacting with friends and family .
teachers can have students do projects about different countries on people and the student can easily that the information on the computer .
the short story winter hibiscus end the way it does because the narrator realizes that with simply comes a new chance or opportunity to start over a rebirth .
my parents always kept their arms and door open to many people we considered family .
i can be patient when i am waiting short periods of time .
<caps> just sitting at home watching movies .
your body is special and your health is important .
sacrifice because his parents sacrificed their comforting home to move to <location> for their son .
computers can be negative thing or positive .
a good example of this is when she and my dad taught me how to ride a bike .
when i went deer hunting with my dad i was patient .
so when we dropped his little brother off we went back too the pool and sat in the hot tub for a while .
watch certain movies because they scare there kids .
books are the same way as movies and music .
if they write literature .
the speed limit was <num> and he was going <num> so it must have been hard to get over all the bumps .
that is the way life works .
with the aide of a camouflage cane he beat the odds once again .
with some help my fish turned out to be a king <organization> that came in at <num> .
a sense of accomplishment and greatness rushes through me .
i do not think kids should do this because it might affect their health and how other think of them .
today was thanks giving .
i will talk about why i disagree with this statement .
a library is safe haven .
so i started to get angry i went to the couch and sat their and watched <caps> while my dad was eating .
i shifted around under my blanket so i could face her .
to go and learn what you already know
life in itself can be an opinion .
the first problem they ran into was the fact that the steel frame of the building would have to be strengthened due to the stress of the dirigibles load .
computers can take you around the world without leaving your room .
it comes to be very useful for research projects or even learning another language .
because they know that they would never do anything to hurt them .
as you <date> know the price of diapers and pull-ups has gotten pretty expensive so when <person> turned <num> years started potty training .
i do not believe that certain materials should be removed only for the reason that someone finds it offensive or inappropriate .
once you see what you like on it or what you want you can change .
a library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill and open our minds to new views .
the only type of book that should be kept from some people is magazines .
his parents were selfless and caring when they come to the united states .
it was a normal old boring day in the <date> but i had just got a call from my sister in law .
for example we can talk to friends on line .
no one is forcing them to look at it or use it .
a word is simply a word .
we are too connected as a society .
than when i waited for <num> minutes and the line was still big .
my parents of course said yes .
libraries do think about what information children view .
i love the effect laughter has on people .
that is how computer games cause long term effects .
computers are growing daily .
these inventions allow long distance communication bringing people closer together .
i asked them what do they think is this to happen .
once arrived my brother was out side waiting for me .
its not worth the trouble for just a book that you could just simply look past and look at other books .
there are many serious problems and also suddenly accidents in real-life .
the <caps> they made .
that first <time> that we spent at the beach did more for us then we realized .
i yelled out the window and said why .
many features of the setting affect the cyclist .
his name is <caps> .
in the excerpt the mooring mask by <person> .
i hope you too heed to my advice .
some people cant physically or mentally and cant afford to travel .
but he is not the only person with this issue .
memoir would be thankfulness and appreciation .
all this stress would be transmitted to the foundation of the building .
they never showed sadness and they loved and cared for her .
maybe you do not understand if you have been assigned in a certain class .
this is one reason why i think that computer have a positive effect on people .
in <caps> time i had the money for my <caps> bike .
i was doing a water- depleting <num> .
there is only one choice and that is that computers effect all of us in a good way .
there are hundreds of websites that will let you watch it for free .
they are everywhere .
teenagers well and do while playing game talking to .
we began the climb and i began <caps> talk <caps> her .
i believe the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is showing that the hibiscus inspires her and gives comfort that no person could try and do .
you can go on the computer and learn about it .
without computer technology we would function much differently .
my beatitude in his memory will never die .
it only makes you upset .
you need to be extremely patient .
some people <month> dislike them but they have good reasons why .
he was so thirsty that he would drink hot water .
i then called her and told her to meet me at the restaurant of her choice .
while we were looking at the art the whole time i was thinking about the winning piece .
my personal opinion is that they should not be removed .
<caps> always great to talk with old friends .
i was patient when i had to wait a week for a birthday present my friend <person> was getting me .
it was a party in there new home and everyone was enjoying themselves .
<caps> hit the clock like lightning .
the short rolling hills make it harder to pedal because it is hard to pedal uphill .
i was really excited to go to <location> and i hate sitting and waiting .
along the way he found an old abandoned juice factory .
when we arrived to where were going we got onto a fairy to go to a island up in <location> .
the author was clearly in a struggle against the <location> desert heat .
what laughter is all <caps> laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly in his determined ride .
so they can live in a house .
thats called <caps> your family <caps> friends will love to spend time together by eating dinner together and have a nice conversation .
censorship in libraries is something good to have and something bad to have .
i would tell my brother all the time about her .
it claimed that there would be no airships flying too low over urban areas .
the book is more then just that one part of smut .
this shows he is thankful for all his parents did to make him the man he is today .
because you never know what goes on at there home and they just want to get away and relax the self at the library to read .
the area the author goes through has an effect
we no longer get to know our colleagues around a circle of carpet squares .
i personally agree .
also i believe that it is the parents job to regulate what their children read .
because he loved living there with his parents and having family members around and being able to learn about his heritage .
i hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today .
to the teacher with all <num> books .
as he begins to see how hope .
<caps> this he had lost hope and hung his head .
a third feature was his thirst .
thank you for time .
taking away these books will limit education .
censorship in libraries takes away from individual freedom every day .
they could try suicide .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
laughter is such a marvelous element to have in any relationship .
when i got in line i was ready to go on .
the author shows that he learns family and is very thankful to his parents for that .
my friends and i waited patiently in the gum as the coaches told kids privately in the hallway .
these offensive items can not just be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them .
so think are you for or against censorship .
another positive effect of using computers is the resource and information provides too you .
this is unacceptable because students must learn proper grammar and spelling .
the builders worked hard to suit the new building for the docking of dirigibles .
i was doing a water depleting <num> .
faces red and gasping for air .
that is some of the times i had to be patient .
a thousand foot dirigible at the top of the building held by only one cable would cause to much stress to the buildings frame .
this brings me to the last point .
when we got there we all looked around for something we thought she might like .
in my opinion children should be able to read what ever they like and by doing that they can teach themselves many things .
the libraries and stores also should have the right to put whatever they want on their shelves .
so the building had to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this situation .
freedom comes in disc and books but it is still <location> middle name and the birth right to our future
patience is when your understanding and tolerant .
thats where computers come in .
this program is designed to help students improve their reading levels .
the builders had to make over <money> worth of modifications .
as a whole computers have a huge impart on our countries technical skills .
it would be the same way if a store stopped selling your favorite product because one person did not like it .
going outside in the winter can make students sick and miss days of school .
another safety problem was the high wind speeds .
but then the pilot said it was to be a <num> <num> flight .
i think that books that are bad for children should be in there own section in the library .
many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their <organization> tasks .
the owner was yelling .
they told me she was in room <num> right down the hall on the left .
also the mood is so grateful .
in my own personal opinion someone could find a book offensive and another person could think it is reasonable .
after saying that to her there was an awkward silence .
<caps> for <person> for example was banned in public schools for some reason .
i then had became a stone cold wall that no one could penetrate .
a lot of people use a computer for fun .
we all have are opinions .
there were many obstacles builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
this meant that a dirigible that would attach to the mooring mast would be swaying in the wind .
stuff like that should not even be published in a public area .
most content that some people find offensive is for adult audiences .
after a we all had swam around for a bit we decided to go of the rope swing .
children growing up in the world is our future and they see that negative output .
i think all public libraries should have <caps> type of stuff kept in a section for adults only and have to show some type of i .
i feel offensive when a magazine shows girls are pretty because it makes people feel insecure about themselves .
i said before turning <caps> walking back to <caps> room .
i was surfing the web and enjoying it .
students love having access with information around the world .
not everyone has one so you should be thankful for what you have .
the words that weave this well-written memoir are nothing if not content .
more and more people are being sucked into electronics and less people are caring about our planet .
i strongly disagree with this .
taking certain types of books away can risk other peoples feelings .
i know what its like when one small thing goes wrong .
the features of the setting did affect the cyclist in this small story .
its better to plan ahead and think of every obstacle before bringing ideas to life .
they even have <caps> tools on computer .
<caps> i was at the young age of thirteen years old a could not help but to be interested .
he searched and searched for her but found nothing .
she is setting a real goal for herself .
they stayed out about twenty more minutes then went in with a fish dinner <person> patients caught him a good fish .
as soon as we did he tried to drive through again and got it stuck yet another time .
another obstacle that the builders had to deal with was nature .
he built a mooring at the 102nd floor that would accommodate dirigible travel .
the greatest obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
the public thinks that kids should not be exposed to music like rap and hip-hop .
there i finally got to the front of the line to get my ticket i was so happy and that was a time when i was patient .
now <person> was very close to the pole and <person> and i were just catching up to him .
language usage in music is also a big deal .
statistics show that around <percent> of children under <num> years of age are obese .
so i made some bagel bites which are pizza on a mini bagel .
the hallways along with the tiles and eventually grass along with the pouring rain all blurred into one .
it should have been obvious that hooking dirigibles to a mast on the empire state building was not going to work .
everyone was laughing at that point .
<caps> kids go to the library they look for book that catch their attention .
you have so many links you can go to and sites .
computers have a very strong effect on people .
he describes what he has learned from his parents and everything he is grateful for .
in the selection do not exceed posted speed limit there are a lot of great details of the area around the cyclist .
i would have to say yes to that question .
in the memoir the mood that is created is heartwarming .
at first it was hard to believe it was nine hours and a half it only seemed like two .
have good eyes and enjoy nature .
under mood is happy and grateful .
one time i was patient was when i was at basketball practice .
dear <caps> <caps> you <month> know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines .
being able to <caps> together has brought my family relationships to the highest point .
we <month> fight and not get along sometimes but i know he will always be there when i need him .
sitter for my two year old and seven year old cousins .
people can hack into almost everything .
you could even keep in touch with them from <location> .
it just <month> be a good thing to have these types of books whether its stating a fact or stating their own opinion .
the features of setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
the day continued <caps> the ever-lasting laughter between my cousin and i .
the next day my dad called me saying he had to work late again so i could not ride again .
the mood changed near the end as well .
it kind of worked but once in awhile it came back to me .
<caps> is the only one who know <caps> long she will deal with the pain .
we need to be careful about what is available to us and to the rest of the world .
architects faced many obstacles .
she bought the flower with all her money because it held memories for her .
there were obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
what they do not know is that if something is <caps> thats just going to make the kid want to go see it more .
even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast the back of the ship would swivel around .
a glass and chrome nickel steel tower was made with a illuminated inside .
having someone to laugh with is just very important to have in life .
your partner will get sick of you and you will lose friends .
id never seen people act this way .
it is a choice for each person to read what he or she wants to read .
she has seen the familiar plant on her way home as she went to a florist shop to try to buy one .
thats my second reason for why you should agree that computer do help .
after they completed this issues relating to safety arose .
even nature suffered from the advent of computers .
because it shows the entire theme of the story .
in a recent poll <num> out of <num> people say that computers had made them more social .
it was funny because <caps> ever he got mad he did a lot of turning and jumping around .
when waiting for my mom to come get me i was hating my new life here .
not everyone is going to like the same things or be interested in all the same movies or books .
the steel frame of the empire state building would also have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
first you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard .
its like a new way to be home schooled .
after that everyone went right back to staring at computer screens .
i go to see what is playing because it sounds unfamiliar .
computers help kids around the world find thing quickly and easily .
they need tho learn about everything thats out there in this world .
now imagine what that does to your body .
it makes it an interesting and fun relationship .
the <caps> of this memoir creates a mood that is very touching and meaningful .
computers even have websites of a dictionary were people can look up words .
we stared at her blankly and then burst out laughing once more .
everybody needs to socialize face to face .
i was about to leave to go to the library when my little brother asked if he could come with me .
look like i can do something positive .
because the building was so high and the more up the more air and wind they had to stop landing or drop off the dirigible .
jump off a waterfall or go to the park let the wind hit your face .
the hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising .
<caps> and cheering really can help the heart .
they can start believing that they are nothing .
this happens to many people in their sports .
somehow we are lost all over again so we find another covenant store up this really big hill .
computers can make it easier to find certain places by using search engines such as <caps> or <caps> they are also a way of communication .
the environment and risk of death gave him the determination he needed to push forward .
so there are children books and there adult books .
the faith that is struggle would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times .
computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything .
because of the violent air currents the winds were constantly shifting .
children would not be allowed in that section without parental supervision .
i was blabbing about how i had stuff in my biology book .
my mom is one of the most patient people l know .
<caps> i cant seem to find it .
they faced way to many problems .
this proves that having the dirigible docked up there would be very dangerous and would call for weights to be used to anchor the back of the dirigible .
<num> out <organization> <num> computers are used for learning about place and people .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist with his train of thought .
he laughed so hard his eyes started to water .
i still heard everything they said and it seemed to never stop .
now were all thinking great their goes our opportunity to redeem ourselves from a terrible <time> .
we need to know what is happening and what is happening with other people in our lives .
i glanced at my watch almost every <num> second .
then finally we went home .
or the movie with the sex scene in it could give your child the idea to go out and practice what was taught .
in <organization> had a front page spread to promote the use of computers instead of books .
i hope to start seeing that in the future
not all reading materials are dangerous to the mind and eyes of the youth .
the builders had to make lots of changes to make this perfect and get it the way they want it .
next they had to add four wings or shiny aluminum to rise a conical roof for housing the mooring arm .
so then were left with nothing .
there are lots of books that are at libraries around the world .
an infusion that i would describe as a solution of laughing gas and an energy drink washed over me .
i find this wrong because it is a free country that includes freedom of religion and they cant be denied informing others about that religion .
laughter has no age limit .
libraries would soon close because everything is being found as offensive .
although this man was quite odd looking we quickly grew excited for what he had to say to us was more than likely going to match his appearance .
the horizon was what kept cyclist going .
many features of the setting affected the cyclist .
for others and love .
<date> on about <date> my dad my bother and i were working in our garage and found an electrical <organization> starter .
we packed our things in the car .
i knew that something had changed in me when i hung <caps> the phone on <caps> father .
thinking of his thirst would only get him more thirsty .
they use their computers for work and games <caps> children use the computer to learn .
we went to the park to shoot some hoops .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
sometimes i done show patience and sometimes i do .
the last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause .
it took the entire time and i am still not done with it .
one time i was patient when we were going to <location> for one of my baseball tournaments .
the reader is left to only assume and imagine what things are to come .
there were gifts under the tree and stuff in our stockings .
the mood created by the author is a grateful mood .
with computers communication is becoming faster and faster .
they can gives us facts about a certain topic that we <month> not find any where else .
interacting with others on the computer can be looked at as a positive but it is not since it affects the way you interact in real life .
company all over world make different computers to bring out new styles so people can like them and <caps> them .
this is what i think .
<caps> with this sentence informs the reader that with the help of a plant similar to those at her homeland it will help her move on .
the spire was actually a mooring mast to be used for docking dirigibles .
first obstacle they had to make the mooring mast safe for passengers to board on and off .
i believe that children should have the right to know about some things but not all .
my first reason why we should keep computers is because it <month> help on school homework or projects .
so there are some of my thoughts and feelings on what i think about offensive materials in libraries .
they are getting obese .
we arrived to find that <caps> had already gone home for the night .
i have had a lot of research papers .
people never have enough time for activities .
this revelation caused them to have to modify the entire framework to make it stronger which was very expensive .
my river of tears stopped and i began to speak .
they would have the images stuck in their heads and could lead to unlawful decisions .
the empire state building builders did not want to take their chances over such a populated area .
we were heading to our first ski race .
it will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information .
so yes let <num> year olds on up watch rated <caps> films .
he had been very tired .
obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease .
i always bring my <caps> with me to keep me entertained .
the author shows how proud <caps> was of his parents and how thankful <caps> is .
people become overweight also .
if others find that offensive then that is their problem .
the first and main way was that he was riding through the dessert .
because it shortens activity time .
some kids might not even know who <caps> <caps> is or how we got here to this very continent .
especially for those who have been through a lot in life .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he thinks after a nice afternoon in a nice campground a shortcut to his next destination would be very nice .
s i think we are not .
a book in <caps> time displaying a friendship between a black and a white man is truly a ground breaking feat .
disappointed at her answer she had nothing planned .
i have two things to say about it .
then we rushed as fast as we could to the seen of the crash .
not many people would like to find something that seems to hurt or harm them in any way .
then from across the room it came .
by the time they are that age they have matured enough to read and understand things much easer
above the building violent air currents rage .
the score was <date> to <num> .
i had decided i wanted to play volleyball once i got into high school .
if the builders did do that it would cause too much stress to the building .
we were all hungry so we decided to get some <organization> .
a <caps> can help anyone from talking to someone to helping a student with science .
they should be able to read anything they want .
<caps> you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop .
kids love to go to the library to get books and just hang out with friends .
they are good because of the rating systems but still are very ignorant to others .
a book would probably take up more time and you <month> get less information .
it is also a way to teach and to inform others about the past .
being patient is a valve .
computers benefit society more than you would think .
but i just sat there on a bench quickly .
<caps> example some people like to talk with a family member the is not in the <location> so they communicate from the computer .
i will have it done in <num> minutes .
i took the chance anyways .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
at the top of the building there were constantly shifting wings due to violent air currents .
the advances in technology have proven the sky have the limit the invention of planes .
lastly kids can learn about people from other times .
share the laughter .
when he says have ever done he feels sad that he wont have the chance to repay them .
many people have dream to one day build a computer or make new programs .
computers offer another way to learn things about the world .
some children go to the library without adult supervision and have freedom to check out whatever book they want .
we chomped down a bowl of the always tasty <caps> <caps> and gulped down a tall glass of juice .
i agree that for children there should warnings for material that parents <month> find offensive .
when the cyclist arrived at the abandoned <caps> grape factory he felt on twist of many .
one way is to keep in contact .
the obstacle they went through was to make the frame stronger .
if certain books are offensive should you stay away from that type of book or get rid of the book altogether .
most of the time its something stupid and we are just strangely thinking the same thing .
when constructing the idea of dirigibles a mooring mast had to be added to the top of the building to allow passengers on and off .
they checked what was bothering me and it was nothing .
we were all divided into groups and unpacked and ready to go for our three day stay at <organization> .
the author has good moods .
any book could be offensive to any one person .
in this modernized world computers are key .
<caps> replied the bottle .
you see i had been gone for two weeks and i was really homesick .
what made it even more funny was that me and sierra just started to stop laughing and oh my goodness we were laughing the whole way to the car .
in the late run they would have to face the law .
they have fried their brain from using the computer to much .
we both tried to stay away from each other for the rest of the day trying to cool off and really think about what we were truly mad about .
library workers should also make sure the adult materials stay in the hands of adults .
i will remember the <organization> for its pure natural beauty .
thus through the use of computers i was able to learn about the pain those children suffer and now its my .
that just made it feel longer .
this absolutely benefits society .
then when i got there it looked like there were <num> people in line at the time .
on the other hand there is an extent the children need to learn also .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a good mood .
he made it out of an old swing set seat and i thought my neighbor would really enjoy it .
they change the medical field too .
i was so tired i almost fell asleep on the floor .
nature itself was a great obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast .
i kept watching until the end .
dirigible docking would have been a great addition to the empire state building .
then soon you can type with without looking .
they could say do not leave this section .
if your always happy on the computer .
in the process in doing so they <caps> many obstacles .
this is why computers are beneficial to the society .
having the ability to laugh with <organization> has definitely made our friendship stronger than it would have been had we not been able to laugh together .
<person> finally let her go in the house after about five minutes of giving her a heart attack .
the best part is you can research anything even if its like a million miles away .
we started to get lots of food and it looked really good .
there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
the mood that is <caps> and that it is created by the author in the memoir is the feeling of being thankful .
the winds would shift the ship and it would be very difficult to land on the mooring mast .
<caps> is one of the most important tools a person <caps> have .
<caps> what i see most is laughing .
a few different moods went on in the story but one of the most important was loving .
i sound really weird .
the winds at such a high altitude made it difficult to dock .
the biggest affect on the cyclist was the lack of water with unbearable heat and he was tired .
over <percent> of people get the song from the computer .
shes an easy one to babysit .
please help us promote censorship in libraries to make a more respectful environment .
people should be able to watch what movies they want .
it was <caps> much fun .
for magazines they should have all types of magazines .
in conclusion laughter is an important part of a relationship .
we had a good time she said that she liked us laughing and having a good time .
the author says the winds on top of building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
laughter is a symbol of joy and happiness .
if it can be played on the radio .
this shows that seeing the broken down juice factory gave him no hope and he tells his self that he will die .
i mean i was shedding tears the time <caps> got off the bus .
<caps> was only trying to help .
i believe censorship is wrong .
how hand it would i had to hand writs all of my work and on the for information .
the computer can really amp up your social life .
maybe something a bit lower .
the flower reminds her of home but it also gives her inspiration .
shes trapped because the area is alien to her and she has to adjust .
this tells us that cyclist is hard to ride on the road .
i hung my head and abandoned factory of juices and dreams tell how the cyclist lost all hope at the sight of the building .
so i decided to be patient .
if we make a to spend this than on computers i think we can reduce this obesity amount and i believe <caps> ran as on overall country .
computers do help you .
the dirigibles would not be able to tie to the dock and stay because of violent air currents .
it also says that they learned the real definition of family .
the <caps> are playing <caps> .
it was a pain because i hate doing house work and having to do it all the time was vary boring .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles with trying to build a docking station for dirigibles .
<caps> were the obstacles .
<caps> said <caps> your father and i have to pay bills and buy food .
i started panicking and told my brother not to come over .
if you feel like you do not know many interesting subjects like a culture of some sort or something that you heard your computer can tell you .
not only can i seek help from others on my computer but i can stay in touch with my friends and family .
the <caps> is a public place that allows people to read what they want .
laughter is a key to any happy and successful relationship in my opinion .
but that same book i have read might be interesting to other people .
i took this in very strongly and it stayed with me .
another less important thing about the computer is it gives many people entertainment .
email and <caps> <caps> have only given us a decrease in our already terrible communication skills .
one of the books we had to find was the <caps> <caps> .
waiting for <num> years trying to find something to help get your true love out of trouble .
and if you wait for something for a while it all of a sodden it seems more valuable .
i was patient when my dad said he would get me some <caps> .
my first reason not everyone should use a computer is because they get so distracted in the computer they forget about school .
she ends the story off well because she can now have a since of peace with herself by waiting to take the test again .
this gives the the memoir a loving and accepting mood to it .
computers are used for getting messages to different people in the .
<caps> that is one of the times i was patience .
another way the mood was created by the author in the memoir was by the authors opinions of the memories .
<person> of <organization> at <organization> states that the reason child obesity has increased so much is because children spend so much time in front of the computer and less time outdoors .
it could help develop a smarter brain in many ways .
the author creates a grateful mood .
we decided that we would take the barrel and stand on it .
it has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way .
but if we ever repeated that word while not reading it we would get sent down to the office .
so that little kids can not see the front of the cases .
we were able to make up and return to a somewhat normal life .
she is amazing and funny .
they also allow us to type assignments and other important papers .
he became more like a grandfather than a neighbor .
he also says some of the people who became depressed start thinking of suicide .
i gave up i thought that she was not coming .
the <caps> of the empire state building had to cross many obstacles in order to have a dirigible dock on the empire state building .
after consulting with the navy as well as meeting with the president of newly formed airship transport company .
computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends .
he uses every offensive language known to mankind .
songs made today can get a little out of hand .
like not letting us dive are cars for stuff .
kids rely on them for studying or homework .
my last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running .
i wondered how i would make it through the rest my school years .
<caps> spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are <percent> dangerous to young teens .
that was the time i was being patient .
computers are a very useful and beneficial part of society .
supporters of technology say that computers have a positive effect .
for example computer allow people to communicate in seconds .
most dirigibles were made of hydrogen rather than helium .
the more we get lazy .
the day i met <person> was the day i gained my best friend .
the blue keeps you up at the top for <num> and drops you while the red one shoots you up to <num> feet .
they lost control as they slid across the winter wonderland to a lonely telephone pole .
even though computers are great they do have many negative effects on people who use them .
so he then said yes .
i support the advances of technology .
it sounds very offensive but it actually teaches people the origin of the word and how it came to be offensive to people .
the smiles that people have on their faces is a wonderful thing to see .
from all the violent wind and air currents would be hard to tether the dirigibles to the mast .
by typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat .
computers have caused problems where kids do not do any types of physical activity which deprives them of their daily needed exercise .
computers can also have an impact with your vision .
he achieves this by using a blunt voice and unusual punctuation .
instead if i was to use the <organization> it would take days .
the author tries to show the love and affection throughout his home .
second of all why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that computers helps you learn more about different parts of the world .
i had moved to <location> .
finally after a day of crying next to her i noticed <caps> kept walking to the pond behind the house and sitting in it .
there are lots of things that we cant do but reading should not be one of those things .
his mom took him to the store to buy it .
the weather was not and the cyclist was running out of water .
society possess a big problem .
after the wait we got on the roller coaster .
she almost tipped the cart over with me on the end of it .
above a densely populated area .
he envisioned the skyscraper as a dirigible port and a future transport hub .
we were all shocked when we learned that everything about it was fake .
i was only five at the time .
<caps> started to paint my nails .
his keys were some were in my room so i looked every were .
wed always have each others back for everything .
the mood of the memoir is kind and loving .
when we did get in we had to wait a half and hour for the doctor .
the city owns them .
a dirigible was a steel framed balloon with envelopes of cotton fabric filled with hydrogen and helium .
a <caps> time ago when i was about <num> years old .
<caps> got it i said .
they say that even fake laughter can fool your brain and it can be healthy .
their are others that are very religious and if they come across something that is wrong about their religion the will be very offended .
others think that they should be left up there for the people who want to read them to do so .
in the <caps> it <caps> stated that we have the freedom of press and speech .
it <caps> on forever .
so as she turns and looks she bursts out into laughter because while his zipper is down he is talking to a group of people that work there .
one side of her is completely with and the other side has brown patches .
so to start us off i will tell you a story that has laughter in which fixed a few ed between my grandpa <caps> and my cousin <person> .
they could be offensive or not .
as we ate we sat on the small dock and stuck are legs in and collected what ever <caps> came near .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist .
the person who was calling or e-mailing the person i was with was coach of that team .
this reminds me of when recently i had a report to do on <person> and all needed was my computer .
there were still to many people in front of me .
then about <time> we shot all of them off .
twice as much people were lined up .
i honestly think all they all should be put in different sections of the library by age .
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culture .
because the have a person there looking for they have the computer to look on .
a confused look came across her face but slowly turned to a crooked grin .
sure she failed once but she is strong and willing to try again .
in this next paragraph i will explain the reasons why censorship should not be allowed in libraries .
the name looked and sounded familiar because i used to go to school with a boy with the same last name .
laughter is never a bad thing in fact it has been proven that laughter has a lot of health benefits .
he is a dehydrated and tired that he could see a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice in his mouth .
kids watch movies in class all the time .
whenever i am morose he always manages to find away to bring a smile to my face and i found that i to had the same ability .
there are all kinds of different people in the world .
so we left her alone in peace and decided we would check up on her in the <time> .
censorship should be practiced everywhere .
we would tell him to shut up or even smack him in the am .
i hope you can see why computers can be good for people .
sometimes the jokes are really stupid .
how would a library handle this situation .
the other driver was in a van with air bags .
our whole world senses is .
during the end of the <caps> <location> friends started acting like her too .
there were many obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
this effect would also make a challenging and dangerous to take off .
when i was in middle school i always liked to read <person> and <person> books .
<caps> a great way to find someone you know in another town or even .
the dirigible could have caught fire and it would have been worse .
and when we are on the ride he always is so far up ahead that i have to stop him to wait for the group .
<caps> observation when i look at kids in <caps> community playing is that they follow one another .
you will be doing a lot of damage to a lot of people .
you know you can always get an answer because everyone is always on the computer at some point of the day .
maybe libraries can carry music that is censored instead of carrying music that is not censored .
the story of how laughter caused me to meet the love of <caps> life .
i am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society .
i was not able to focus on my breakfast because my mind was full of thoughts and questions .
the reason love and kindness is the mood because he says he loves his parents for self sacrifice so that he could grow up in the <caps> of <caps> .
you can have fun with computers .
so the empire state building was finished but you could not use it for dirigibles .
since the conflict is solved there you pretty much have to introduce a new conflict to keep the story going so the author just ends it .
libraries hold all different kinds of materials about any subject you could think of .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
l could drop from a heatstroke .
i think you would find more things about that person that you would in books .
we were <caps> the doctors for all most all morning .
literature is a strong item when it comes to persuasion .
i asked my mom if we could leave but the line was to big to get out .
a long time ago me and my family were going to a cottage we owned .
people love making other people laugh .
libraries are for learning new things about the world that will later help you in <caps> .
reading books could give people more things to talk about .
the whole situation seemed hopeless and depressing .
he does this by saying i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
there still are many obstacles you have to over come for any project .
even if that person is miles away .
but the little things matter too .
the sharp bitter melon and the hibiscus .
that one book could stimulate this white mans thoughts and he could try to put his thoughts into action .
the same for done for <caps> book .
there will never be a dull moment .
they faced to many obstacles that could not be overcome .
she is possibly the funniest thing to walk the <location> .
the main way is by typing .
the author then discusses how the dirigible would swing around the mast .
<caps> second reason for this is that anything and every thing you can get on the <caps> you can get from books .
my cat is the king of my house .
i was so hot out the cyclist became dehydrated faster than he would have on a cooler day .
one day we were on our way to <organization> .
<caps> good sign of patience <caps> when you are waiting for your big sister to get out of the bathroom and you just wait until she gets out .
all you need to do is be patient .
they cant keep us dumb by hiding things .
then their problem is solved .
then her recovery begins with the presence of familiar things .
life would be very difficult without them .
she felt that life was full of hope again .
i think i was too young to truly know what was going on .
like other things we got tired of <caps> and went our separate ways for free time .
make your nearest library have age limits on what the little young ones can read .
i got in the huge line .
i want people to get along with each other .
eventually people started leaving .
parents should not have computers at home unless they will use it but it needs to be at their room where children cant use it .
this is the case for many other people too .
i am here to persuade other readers about the negative affects computers have on people .
in the summer time it is extremely hot .
my brother talked for while then hung up and said he made the team .
computers are a good thing to have because you can learn information .
laughter makes everything better and i use it in my everyday life because everybody needs to have a good laugh if they are in a bad mood .
i can feel the tension in the small classroom building .
your body has to be patient when it feels like your ready to do a skill but your mind is telling you to stop and be patient .
i said in a weird voice .
the parents cook and celebrate things with the neighbors .
this is the best and most efficient way to protect and keep everyone safe
these are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are beneficial to society .
having books taken off the shelf because people do not like them would result in having no more books on our shelves .
the faith that this struggle would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times .
that is why the author concludes that statement .
since you know now of the dangers that can happen i suggest you rethink about computers .
in <num> my class read over <num> book we have a party .
we barely made it to first hour .
<caps> proven that more than half of united states of <caps> is over weight .
next is talk about being born in a simple house and that way <caps> mood there to .
<caps> i have and i think that everyone should have a moment of laughter in there life .
<caps> was the happiest days of our lives .
it is a very negative effect .
laughing about us getting lost made the trip a truly unforgettable moment .
when they are out with their family they think of their computer .
but i believe that typing it might be faster and neater for some people .
the comfort with you family and to the mood of family .
i have been wanting to go here for years .
take for instance the movie <caps> <caps> <person> .
the computer <month> give some one motivation .
it was around <num> am on a <date> <time> .
how there parents always had their arms and door open to many people knowing they would do the same for them .
even if they attempt to tie down the dirigibles there is a chance that the back will move around .
they are also concerned that looking at the screen could be damaging to your eyes .
people on computers waste a huge amount of their timer .
these are the greatest moments .
all i am trying to get at is that good books with bad language should not be censored just because of some of the words it has in it .
that can make you gain weight .
i can understand the effects of too much exposure to computers because i see it everyday with my younger brother .
censorship in libraries results in more problems than solutions .
you fine out how old is <caps> <caps> or how tall is <organization> .
think of everything you done when you write a letter .
<caps> is a worst case scenario in which censorship was not practiced at all .
music is something everyone can relate to .
they help education by providing information about and for schools .
overall the planning of the empire state building had many difficulties .
they should only be aloud to put <num> stuff on the shelves .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
you should think about after math like thoughts and opinions from everyone else .
i was a little confused when we landed <num> minutes later in <location> .
we could try to contain them to where only people that would like to see them do .
libraries across the world are facing the obstacle of censorship .
it could be the elderly all the way down to toddlers .
the last obstacle builders had was that a thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building would add stress to the buildings frame .
there was no shade so he had to just take the sun beating down on his back .
other obstacles were made for the builders of the empire state building which proves that it was not a good idea to dock dirigibles .
books are pieces of art .
i once read a book that i found in our school library that was about slavery .
this makes her sad and causes her to miss the way things used to be .
the parent can control the limit in the intensity or maturity of the books their child is reading .
these are the question you need to ask yourself about certain materials that appear in libraries .
especially if they know that its something that could be debated about being censored .
and when i am and i wait my turn i end up forgetting what i going to say .
another obstacle that the builders had faced was nature itself .
i knew that my father could not have been gone any longer .
a lot of the people just left to come back tomorrow .
so that would make then miss out on going to the library for books .
some young teens like to read books like this so they can learn and see what people went threw .
that many family is just not the people you love and not being a blood relative .
all those things tell her its a new year and makes it easier to accept whats happening .
the word definition of allegory is a story within a story .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this story greatly .
so over all i say computers are good and very useful when used in the right hands .
its causing people to miss out on this beautiful nature .
i was starting to get mad .
books should not be taken off the shelves in a <caps> at any rate and movies should be looked at in the same manner .
i strongly believe that the the types of topics like violence and murder should be taken off of the library shelves .
a main set of problems the builders faced was making the building itself strong enough to allow dirigibles to dock .
the hills he had to cycle also effected him .
a major debate of today would be that of the media .
there are <num> of <date> of them scattered all across the web .
in the <date> dirigibles were considered the transportation of the future .
about the future and teach us how life is as an adult and ready us for the real world .
there would be nothing for a religious or spiritual person to find comfort in .
but at the end it was funny .
libraries in <location> i am going to write a persuasive essay about what i think about some books and magazines that some people find offensive thing in the book .
that will be even worse because if you tell them to go outside they wont do it same will .
the malfunction in the creation of the idea was its focus .
my sister on the other hand still did not quite believe that laughter could do all of that .
my older sister <person> friend <person> was spending the week with us because she had moved away over the <date> and decided she would come visit .
if materials are offensive they should not be displayed .
i finally said i love you girl .
the cyclist said that this sight was troubling .
hoping she would find him attractive and let him text her .
so keep the books on the shelves .
some use computers for other things then to some times just waste time .
i learned that good things come to people who wait .
i honestly can not remember the last time i heard him laugh .
you know inside that its making them happy just from seeing the smile on their face .
turning the mast on the empire state building into a dock for dirigibles had many obstacles .
one of the most common and used thing around the world is instant <caps> .
<caps> is also mostly grateful for her parents .
in paragraph <num> the author talks about the unity and friendship throughout his neighborhood despite the racial differences .
the author set a great mood of love and gratefulness in this memoir .
that is why i do not believe in censorship in libraries nor bookstores
people who do drugs or have a family member that does drugs are an example .
thats a lot of many going toward fixing computers .
you can call up your friends and play with them .
keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment .
the final problem was that there was a law forbidding aircraft to be a certain distance from a city .
maybe if she met him she would have gotten very hurt and be scared of that memory for the rest of her life .
the computer makes this easier for us to do .
i personally feel that computers are an advantage but also disadvantage .
when i first meet people i am very shy until someone makes me laugh then i am very comfortable .
<caps> my friend <person> was kind of scared that <caps> might hurt each other .
we will almost never judge the other for something they did or are going to do .
going to the library is one of the best ways to explore new things .
and with no town for water he would be thirsty .
this law prohibited airships from flying low in a populated area .
different people have different ways of making others laugh .
my grandma and <caps> waiting for hours .
taking a book out of a library because of offensive material is not right because books are important no matter what is inside of them .
the times ahead she speaks of are followed by a promise to take the test again despite her failure the first time .
some thing you can <caps> to get them to go out side with you is take the computer away for a week and have fun with your child .
another big problem is the rough terrain .
some say that one should have the right to censor a book that they find offensive .
now we are sophomores in high school and we still have times where we laugh uncontrollably for no reason at all .
the days past and it fell like they got even longer and longer .
this makes life easier for many people .
so he just shrugged his shoulders and kept right on doing all of the stupid noises .
just consider this what you decide people will be against it no matter what
war books should not be censored because they need to let the reader know how war really is and its not a great place to be .
at the end of my speech everyone clapped .
when he got home he told <caps> mom and she said that she was happy because he was finally patient .
this shows a happy <caps> because they are welcoming people into there family .
i ended up losing the note again and planting head first into a pile of mud and pine cones .
it was the day i was going to have my <caps> party .
there were three cars containing five to six people which took up more time .
when a person reads they always learn something new .
there are many types of music out in the real world .
in the end there were too many obstacles so the dirigible docking plan was scrapped .
here is a story about how i had really great patient .
we waited about two hours but it was worth it .
that concludes why the mood is joyous .
<caps> team and i rushed under a nearby awning .
music on the other hand is very important to teens these days .
she became familiar with her surroundings .
that has been taken out of your local library .
my older sister <person> was having a baby .
so we sat down and talked to find out what we could do and were we wanted to go .
also the body of the dirigible can swing is another obstacle that the empire state building faced .
dear <caps> <caps> <caps> i believe it is true many people use computers and that many more will use them in the future .
they are helpful for getting your local weather .
the library is a place for study .
and that is what happens when you are patience .
i love my mom an i hate seeing people down .
the building of the mast was rushed .
the cargo would send the dirigible out of control in these winds .
ever since i was just a young girl no matter where or what i was doing i always seemed to be a huge klutz .
maturity comes with understanding .
we got in the car and drove home .
i think having books that are too offensive should be put in there own bookshelves .
sometimes you need the computer to do your homework .
but the dirigibles were docked by an electric winch that tied the ship to the mast .
they would not have all of these donations .
also we could look at places we never saw before and if you want to get some where you can go the computer to do that .
it gives us thoughts we <month> have never thought about before and they tell us the newest updates .
well it stops today i am writing today to stop the people who are ruining other peoples lives by getting rid of what other people like to do .
i felt so bad for my cousin he had to watch his mother die all because she used a computer everyday cause that has her job .
things that are offensive for some people are just fine for other people .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate .
some of the things they faced were safety hazards .
then i had to go to the store and get new clothes that had no bright colors on them .
they also might like to learn things that they never thought about learning .
people need to just calm down and smell the roses and forget about things that do not matter .
this shows her love towards her mother and her care for the plant that represents her pastime .
that effected me because when i heard it i went around people who were positive in my life saying it to them .
it took place on a <date> mid-day at the beach on the <organization> .
some people think were weird but if you knew us you would understand .
i believe that with the advances in technology it would give us positive effects on people .
these are some of the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced .
there are very many view points of this topic .
<caps> i have to draw it in my notebook .
the rough terrain also makes it hard for him to pedal and he is already weak from lack of water .
any person for whatever research they need can be found so easily using a computer .
one time i was patient was when i was standing in a line at the petting zoo .
and you want to talk to your friends .
i think it was worth waiting for .
in the middle of no where that is a problem .
we are always laughing almost every moment we are together someones is always making a joke .
or put the books some people find offensive in there own area .
thats <caps> story about patience .
or how laughter can fix a fight that you and a love one have had .
the cyclist is possibly being passed by cars on the highway going <num> while he is only going <num> .
one reason i do not believe that there should be censorship in libraries is that tons of good books are lost because of it .
the mood in this memoir is gratefulness .
but here is where they go wrong .
its one of my favorite memories when i was there .
so the next time you think of banning a book think of all the warm hearts you could be crushing
it covered all of them and they started screaming so loud that the school officials started coming out of the building to see what all the screaming was about .
i would give it four of five stars .
it is something that some people might do .
it would be bad if they were all gone .
one time when i was patient was when my moms car needed a new battery and i had to go to school .
magazines are not really a problem .
we had to remember that these kids live in poverty and have gone through a lot .
the world would be empty because there is always something that a person sees as offensive .
i still until this day am happy i told the joke .
they would be able to learn so much more than before .
that is why it is up to the head of the family to decide what to do about this crisis .
i have always had a deep passion for music .
a third way he did this was by saying how great his parents were .
this was an obstacle because winds could get so bad that the dirigible tied up could rip the roof off and hurt the people below .
to show what kind of person she is and she not going to just give up just because she failed the first time .
everyone has a different laugh i have two laughs which she found out funny .
one problem was safety .
this story is explaining how the features of your environment can either make or break you .
i hope people do not end up just taking things off the shelf when someone is offended .
little did we no that it was <date> and the bathrooms where closed for the workers to come in and clean .
one example on why this sort of aspect on whether or not inappropriate material should be removed are the comic books called <caps> tales or <caps> the <organization> .
laughter brings people together even on the worst days .
the cyclist depicted in the essay is greatly effected by his surroundings .
this says so in the last sentence i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
another obstacle the builders had to face was how to strengthen the empire state buildings frame .
i could get a slight view of the donkey .
i was early morning when we had finally get in and went to the leaver water slide .
this is why i support the computer .
parents can usually monitor what their kids check out .
m the next morning .
but none of my friends or cousins were there .
then everything from there was a little different .
as every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them .
in this memoir there <month> have been other ways to describe the mood of what the author created .
arguing just decreases the social time spent .
this is why it should stop it hurting are environment people are becoming lazy .
in a densely populated area .
<caps> can mend the broken bridges between people and even make awesome relationships even better .
i remember when i was about <num> years old an i never once got to meet my other family besides my siblings .
nothing is coming to mind .
<caps> a recent of a computer .
one way is the heat caused him to drink more then her ran out of water .
that is the primary reason why i believe there should not be any censorship
both of us competed as gymnasts at <organization> .
those are the reasons that create the authors mood in the memoir .
thats the world we we live in .
<person> whole back side was covered in blue sludge .
he had a very quite voice .
they both and always say will see .
my mom was so proud of me for being so patient she bought me something from the gift shop .
on it my turn to go in .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy thankful mood .
she should be able to adapt to a new place just like they do .
this being because it was just not practical nor safe .
he gives a in depth and warm description of his life in <location> and the relationships he made .
<person> smiled even greater .
which could be very bad if you think about it .
so its a <caps> that could affect <caps> .
its good to defend yourself .
one of the greatest electronics invented .
computers also teach hand-eye coordination .
the picture came out .
many obstacles were faced by the builders of the empire state building as stated in the article the mooring mast by <organization> .
i think the mood created by the author was gratefulness towards his parents .
it made our trip worth going .
maybe there were weather problems and the schools got closed .
these obstacles prevented the mast for ever being used its intended purpose .
that would take a long time to even get the book let alone read it .
we all took a brake and went and got some hot chocolate .
i just turned my <num> player on and listened to my music while reading a magazine .
thats <caps> attracted me most to him .
for libraries to remove books in order of censorship is viewed as favoritism and is completely against the rights <location> has stood for
this action can help with sports .
that is what patience .
they want to sell and advertise their product and they have a right to do so .
the cyclist learned this the hard way when he ends up lost and almost died of thirst .
this problem is similar to others around the world .
people cant go around preventing other people from reading a book that they enjoyed .
some people might not care about the things they see and some do .
this will help explain things in a way they can understand it .
i feel that it should be censorship in libraries .
every person over the age of eighteen has the right to read anything they wish .
this is what i think the computers effects have on people .
they often shift because of violent air current .
the faculty of a school does not have the right to decide what books are allowed in their school based on their own ideals .
this story is how we came to be so close .
one of them was in paragraph <num> .
my mom even got a boyfriend that she later broke up with .
the last and most obvious obstacle was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
in seventh and eighth grade we had to sit around the room and take a book and read it for part of the hour .
books that people say are offensive are usually the interesting ones .
my name is <caps> and i have a very hipper non patience horse named <caps> .
i was so thrilled when i was finally able to check out the book and read it .
if you are doing a project on fashion a <caps> <caps> would be excellent to help them find out some tips .
you get completely <caps> guard <caps> just cant help to laugh at how weird sounding those sounds are .
i still use this lesson today .
my main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive they should simply avoid this book .
we boarded the plane at <location> through gate <num> .
the book is strong and shows readers a strong aspect in life .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways .
there fun to have because you could play many games on your free time with them too .
quietly turning over my shoulder i try to hear more of the story .
i was really mad that day .
those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder .
then this day we still say that for the <caps> can work .
computers have a very positive effect on people .
his laughter can light up the darkest room in a house .
a time when i had to be patient was when i needed help with my schoolwork .
he mentioned how his parents had a love for cooking and that love was passed down to him .
they could use the same method with books .
i was in a rush because i was running late .
all in all the builders of the empire state building did face a many problems while trying to allow blimps access to the building .
another way is in paragraph <num> .
if the empire state building was going to make this happen they would have to change the frame of it .
another obstacle was nature .
your personality <month> also change with your social life and routine .
he likes that his parents are selfless and that they care about others .
they increase responsibility by giving you many choices .
only people over <num> would be let in and you would have to an i .
censorship has a job to protect us from many unnerving topics and i agree that certain books should be taken off the shelves .
the winds shifted at the top of the empire state building were shifting due to violent air currents .
so why have censorship in libraries .
we all got something to eat because we were all hungry then we watched a little <caps> then headed to bed for the night .
hand-eye coordination is a very important skill to have .
my brother was acting loopy and crazy .
it is taking away their life .
you can look into going there for vacation or doing a report .
laughters bright tone is a good way to get people comfortable and relaxed .
once at home a kid can get hurtful emails or instant messages .
his ideas and word choice related to us as <num> graders .
another reason why i think the author made this the last paragraph is this .
well good for you mission accomplished .
i would let her win .
that means that it is open to anyone and everyone .
almost like a fun loving feeling .
it takes hard work to be patient .
in todays world everything is ran by computers for example each registers .
<caps> i told him that i want the big one .
i grew up on it so i thought i knew what to expect .
after reading about a loving pair of parents that gave everything they had just for their children makes you feel guilty and respectful of your own parents .
the reason why the author was grateful was because of their courage .
like the hibiscus the girl overcomes her weakness of not being able to drive by remembering her homeland .
when i got off i knew that it was so worth it .
most of the time the true facts will always be there .
one of these obstacles was that dirigibles outside the <person> used hydrogen rather than helium .
but there are some big downsides to this box of information .
each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries .
it was also very hilly which made the work even harder .
her parents always kept their arms and their door open .
and without a computer all that would be very challenging .
that game sharpens your skill and exercises your brain .
many people actually believe materials in a library are too offensive or inappropriate .
<caps> now you understand the computer is a helpful learning tests .
so i was in two weeks of pain .
one of the more obvious issues was that of the make-up of the dirigibles themselves .
those movies are watched by people of all ages .
all of ones friendships need someone who can lift the spirits higher .
songs today hint at sexual activities .
one could also say this book is offensive because of the language it uses .
important to themselves or others .
so their for i think spending a lot of time on a computer is bad .
i was running in a field will grass .
this will make you a lot more friends .
i strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier .
lets go farther on .
those are some problems the builders faced when attempting to dock dirigibles .
she told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken .
some people are graced with the gift of patience .
he was so so happy <caps> we told him he was going because he loves bass fishing more than us .
it allows you to do simple or complex math in just less than <num> seconds .
it was illegal for the dirigibles to even approach the area because of how low they would have to fly .
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a message or major theme of the novel .
in this new house many people came over to eat and he felt good around these people .
it would also keep people from loosing books .
i stayed on the road and luckily it took us straight to down town by <caps> .
she is saying that when the new season begins it will be her beginning and shell have a different outlook on her new life .
i have a friend who gets offended by movies that the black guy always gets in trouble or dies first .
i finished my magazine and went on to the next one .
it would have been impossible to keep the back of a dirigible from swiveling around .
if you replace it with slave that statement or passage loses its power on its readers .
in this memoir the mood created the setting .
they do not need books and movies that make it worse on them and make them think bad things are good .
this heat of the desert climate seems to start have an effect on him about after he reaches the first town .
give the book a chance for it <month> have a power that is unrealized .
parents do not want their child going to the library and picking up rude materials .
show cool thing you have that are new .
but then again every chance i got man i left and sneaked away to go see her .
lets say a friend or family had to move to another country or state .
and adapt to her new country .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings frame work .
there is no way i want my child watching some violet movie .
so make sure they all stay clear and far away from them .
the cave was loaded with hermit crabs .
most younger kids these days are starting to listen to the fast rap music .
i can remember one <date> when my friends and i decided to go camping at a lake for a week .
often music uses swearing language or states certain views on politics .
the last thing are pictures and scenes .
i would flip my chicken if some idiot kids did that to my car .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very happy and warm .
the necessity for censorship should never be an option .
except one ride the <caps> we got there before the crowd came in .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist .
my best friend <person> really knew what i need to help me out .
my second reason is that people go to inappropriate sites and watch inappropriate videos .
the winds were just too strong and unpredictable to get close to and dock a dirigible .
hes very proud of his parents for the risk that they took for him .
the second sign led him to water which was the one thing that would make things better so it had a positive affect .
the height of the empire state building was too low for an aircraft of any sort dock on .
one other problem they faced were the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
<caps> asked with curiosity <caps> .
then something weird happened .
we were walking down <caps> street when a bolt of lighting struck through the trees .
he made me feel like i was invited to his home with open arms and i could feel the environment around me .
thats <num> letters a year .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
this is why computers can make you not exercise .
the high school seemed lifeless in comparison with other schools we had played at in the past .
as soon her friend said this the girls face blushed and she giggled with laughter .
patience can be used in <caps> in experiments <caps> could also be used in math to find an answer .
one difficulty they faced was when they were designing the mast .
but i waited and waited .
this is not good for a growing teen .
we cant not do in the real world .
they had never seen anything like her before .
so i went in a field and sat and waited for them .
both the mother and the daughter appreciate the flower they found because it is similar to what they had back home .
i went on about how my dad would not care if i bought this game .
now because of this family is .
with a computer all you need to do <caps> to type in what info your looking up .
and have no weight support to keep it down .
i was really patient until <caps> birthday .
we used to see each other from time to time and talk on the phone about once a week .
my last reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because it could effect your education .
writers compose for all sorts of people .
your friends important them .
that is my opinion on computers .
i will be back here in <num> minutes for waiting i will even <caps> in a free tie .
he knows it was hard for his parents to leave their country for him .
less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on <caps> or <organization> .
<caps> <caps> helps the kids work faster so they can spend more time outside or hanging out with their friends .
that is what i think the mood of the memoir is and why .
this stress would have to be transmitted to the buildings foundation .
most of the dirigibles that were made out of the united states used hydrogen rather than helium .
libraries should be able to put what they want on their shelfs .
they add him they would call if he got in .
she is not patient .
books should <caps> be censored at all .
computers give education stand information to everyone .
its a great way to see and learn about different places compared to how you live .
my second reason is doing homework .
she is explaining that she needs time just as the geese and flowers do as well .
thats why the technology or computers effects people in a good way .
<person> continues to fart while she is uncontrollably laughing .
parents can just let them play games and read on the computer .
no one should be allowed to tell another person what they can and can not read .
there are many ways you can keep in touch over computers .
i was patient when i was in school when my teacher left the room .
i was eight at the time .
librarians should make sure that the book a child hands to them is safe to read for that age level .
knowing your running low of water to feel sorry for himself the cyclist had biked so far the terrain started to change from flat to rolling hills .
some people who have <organization> <caps> develop cases where their emotions do not show physically .
the article by <organization> titled the mooring mast describes well the problem blimps may have encountered .
i think it should be that way about every thing .
the more people get computers the people exercise .
lets say a family is planning a vocation to <location> .
but they can still be in there because some people might want to read them .
its where you have <num> people .
but once <caps> there i ran inside to go see him <caps> took him home he was afraid of everything even leaves outside .
i know some of the music that is being played can deprive the feelings of others .
this explains that everyone near him was like family .
does that mean that the book should be taken off the shelf because <person> will not read it .
that is not a mothers dream to go and do that .
no one would want that .
this is why we have a little bit of everything in our libraries .
then it was time to open the gifts .
i thought i was going to die but my mom said to be patient .
waiting was hand to do but i had to be patience .
lastly he had drank most of his water during the trip .
you could find ways to improve how you play or you to play that sport .
this can be causes by lack of exercise and inactivity .
i am going to hit points on what i think about the subject .
there are a lot of racism being thrown around in books and songs and magazines but nobody takes that away .
they were teaching me how to do a wheelie on a quad .
that was really hard .
so i came back down and i landed on my back and the angle i was at on the trampoline shot me off .
problems quickly arose the first problem that had arose was the lack of a suitable landing area .
this shows how close and kind the neighborhood around the house was .
i get <caps> to stop crying .
censorship to most people means much more than the average <num> syllable word .
this is what i think should happen to books in a library .
she plants it in her garden .
the frame of the building had to be modified and strengthened for the project to work .
his attitude changed greatly throughout the story .
the team we were playing was the team we had faced twice before and we were one and one .
she feels down but the hibiscus reminds her of being back home .
the author of the memoir is thankful of her parents and to the rest of her family .
i obviously think that censorship is a good thing .
man cant know everything .
parents will worry about their children and adults can worry about themselves .
<caps> is clearly a debilitating factor as is direct sunlight and humidity .
the little boy particularly waiting for <organization> mind to be made up hopped about like a bunny trying to make her laugh again .
whats more is that they can be in the bedroom or room .
schools are the backbone of society .
and how there home is always open or how theres always ton of people at the dinner table .
i suggest that people listen to it because it is very realistic in ways .
i strongly agree that computers have a positive effect on our society .
so that <caps> at school <caps> remembered her moms words and was very patient all <caps> .
on her <caps> homework .
<caps> was a cry of laughter that filled the room .
the author would not have chosen a better conclusion for this story .
but most of the time my dad comes home in a good mood because his job is very easy and he likes the people that he works with .
the author could write a sequel to this one .
every mind is special and different and will never share identical thoughts as his neighbor .
the law stated no airships are allowed to fly low over urban areas .
one day my dad needed his keys and i had them .
music is another thing .
i had plenty of time .
but what you can do is make a special section for those types of books young children will not get those books .
so instead of you always watching the news or reading newspaper .
there have been many times in my life where laughter was all that surrounded me .
if books were being judged on appropriateness then many authors would not be able to write the novels and literature that they do now .
we had to sleep there overnight .
<caps> for me gets me motivated for the day its like my drug to get through life .
i have read many different things in my lifetime so far .
laughter is not only an important role in relationships but plays a big role in life itself .
in literature and art things take a more serious tone than in music and other media .
i would say that because he always has something nice to say .
libraries or any place else .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because is symbolizes the hope that things will get better .
<person> and i were getting tired <caps> we decided to take a break .
these are all things adults and kids need a like to do .
one reason why people benefit from computers is how they help with education .
some magazines show off a little to much for some of the people that go to the library .
staying on all day sitting down rating .
and the people who were allowed and wanted to read them still could with no problem at all .
most of the ways i can get happy are by laughing .
the answer would be in the streets of <organization> where pedestrians could be harmed .
they also save important files and precious pictures .
shaped just like a real bean and had handles on both sides .
it puts not very good thoughts in some peoples heads .
so he and my cousin went in we asked if we could bail my brother out .
the books that were found offensive should not be read at all .
the day dragged on .
the mood created by the author is happiness and gratefulness .
i also understand that rap music can be realistic in ways too .
laughter can help in many more ways then that .
the mood created by the author in the memoir .
like this one the mean patience is very important .
she told me about those first days and how scared she was .
when we do to the doctor or dentist we and really patient but it takes time for the doctor or dentist to do what they need to do .
<percent> of people prefer looking up information on a computer than in a book .
i still think that people should have the right to place there things where they want because it is their stuff and their property .
i believe that libraries should keep these type of materials on the shelves but have them in sections maybe .
we have an amazing couch that makes us laugh and makes jokes everyday .
in his desperation he finally saw a sign for hope that gave him strength in order to continue on .
for example he feels doubtful when he has hardly any water and has no clue where he is or where he is going to end up .
i hope i persuaded you to like computers more .
my third reason give people the ability to learn about faraway place and people .
it was the being of the <date> .
he won a championship there with a game winning shot .
<organization> laughed outrageously <organization> agreed .
they would do kind things for them .
it changes situations from bad to funny .
now am glad that i stayed patient .
i said impatiently .
she was running hot laps back and forth all around the room and the more she did that the harder i laughed .
the things authors talk about in their books and what they include no <caps> should read .
the hibiscus flower is viewed as a symbol of hope and a reminder of their homeland .
i flew back up to <location> for <caps> with my family .
so i am going to tell you .
in conclusion we should be patient with people .
another mood this memoir gives is gratefulness and gratitude to the authors family and home .
i agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
the final obstacle was the violent and shifting air currents over the building .
to reject leaves you no smarter .
from personal experience i can back this statement up with books i have read going through my school career .
they said that the frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to fix the situation .
some people kept leaving because it was to long of a wait .
the heat made him get dehydrated faster while he was using energy .
something that is offensive to one person or a group of people <month> not be found offensive by another person or group of people .
a time when i was patient was when went to the mall .
to just take a book off the shelf just because one person or a small amount of people think that one book is offensive to them .
the lake was quiet today .
being patient can mean all of these things .
the builders of the empire state building faced many problems in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
we asked our coach another half hour later and he told us it was going to be a half hour longer because they had to get another judge .
it is a convenient and a well-paying job .
this was a problem because it would make it unsafe for passengers to exit the dirigibles and walk down a gangplank connected to the empire state building .
he was a guy of color and he was complaining because he read a book about slaves .
for example exercise .
i remember a girl in the eighth grade told everyone that i was a garden tool and that i would do anything for a piece of change .
the lady with the big feet ended up being the owner of those two rusty broken down cars .
and photos about the mountain <caps> .
the <caps> source is very helpful to many people .
in paragraphs six and seven the mood was thankful and happy for the sacrifice his parents gave for him .
he was starting to go a little crazy .
my dad can be very patient sometimes .
the author even describes his community as a .
this shows that there was nobody around to help him and he knew it .
there are other ways to solve this problem .
he was so happy he kept himself patient for fife hours .
these are the mood created by the <caps> in the memoir .
more and more people leave .
i think all of these things are offensive .
also it is a great way to play games .
we were out side chewing while <organization> was peeing on his dads car .
this can cause the library problems and be a disappointment to those who find reading about that certain topic a great way to pass time .
its hard to even imagine how technology is replacing various things in our lives and how it has changed from when it first started to be popular .
overall i think people need more patience these days .
one time i was going to see my friend that lived at the end of the street .
so i let them cut and i have to wait and be patient .
adding a thousand foot dirigible onto the top of the building would add stress to the frame .
i looked at him and his entire back-side was drenched .
all of these features affected the cyclist in some way .
<caps> about this <caps> and he tells us what his mom makes him do when he was little .
when i got down stairs she told me i had to write it so i got a <num> because she could not read what i wrote .
this allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch .
i dialed star six seven then his number and pressed talk .
i worked very hard when i left the audition .
i try my hardest to be in a good mood at all times .
the setting clearly has a huge effect on the cyclist .
one reason this idea could never happen was because the dirigibles themselves were highly flammable .
computers have a positive effect on people .
<caps> try to attempt an electric winch .
most of our daily homework is on the computer .
many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with .
both <person> and i loved books .
its also good for business men because they count on computers for all there files .
the mood created by the author in this memoir is a very welcoming and happy one .
when we finally got on the plane we took the hour long flight to <location> .
one is about a soldier in <location> and his present wife back home .
at first the man starts out at a reservoir camp ground .
then i hit a rock and did a front flip .
he begins his journey confidently on flat terrain and with a large supply of water .
i got so many cuts from the sand that it was hilarious .
i myself would think that teenagers above the age of <num> would understand the meaning of being mature .
i wiped the sweat from my eye the way the author described the hill as crippling should how much energy it was taking away from the cyclist .
now whenever i remember that i was start to giggle happily to myself .
the main obstacle to the successful use of the mooring mast was nature itself .
a time when i was patient was when i was on the <caps> court .
everyone grows up in a different lifestyle .
computers are a very good thing for kids to have .
she says this because she wants to move on now and try to get used to her new home .
this tells the people had to stay strong through hard times .
after that i made lots of birthday lists .
it reflects <caps> you are and changes the atmosphere around you .
there was one day that seem particularly hard .
some libraries have begun to censor their book collection by removing ones they thought could be offensive .
parents do have the right to check and monitor what their child is reading .
thats why patience is as important .
people should be able to read and listen to stuff without being offended by it .
i know that if one of you experts family member went away for a long time you would miss them and want to talk .
my parents and i know that happiness is what drives us to good things .
computers let you talk to family and friends around the world .
laughter can save us .
this is due to the extremes in censorship that are being placed on libraries and schools in general .
<caps> is of buddy my <caps> screeched as she ran down the stairs .
another reason is because everyone has their own choice about what they want to look at in a library .
things should still be out for the public to read or see .
i felt more at ease with him now and actually thought for the first time that maybe this would be a pretty fun trip .
i learned a lot that <date> .
the features of a setting could be a number of different things .
it is at this point that he uses the word crippling because he is just about exhausted and cant go any further .
i remember when a lady came to our school who was blind and deaf and she demonstrated how to use that special program .
using hydrogen was a huge problem because hydrogen is extremely flammable .
libraries should have different stickers or labels on books for children and have a warning signs for their age .
the author created this mood by telling the reader how grateful she was to her parents for their love and sacrifice .
the library should always have a large variety of different music .
because not only do you get to a lot more place and get to know someone more .
i believe that the mood is supposed to be seen as joyful and uplifting .
so we went to the chase bank and we cashed it and we took out my brother .
censorship in libraries in my opinion is a good thing .
reading a book is not worth going to jail for .
we started laughing so hard we could hardly be quiet .
he finally got to the next town to live .
<caps> know how your partner is feeling can make all the difference .
the boundary for censorship is very opinionated and should not be dictated by a single group .
books are a very important part of most peoples daily lives .
i have never been in the <location> before and i have never been an exchange student .
next she told us to let out our breath as big as we cold .
school is not a place for a child to be watching those kind of things .
they moved from <location> to here <caps> the children could have a better life and education .
another big obstacle was nature itself .
one way is is shown when <caps> mentions his grand parents .
we can look up how to stop snake venom from getting to your heart and how to make a how and some arrows to hurt with .
books are very important to learning and all books need to stay and not get blocked by parents .
if everything is taken out then nobody would have any reason for going to a library .
we would have nothing to read .
it was illegal for the airships to even come into the city .
i waited five minutes and then poured it in .
so she was suppose to be coming on <date> .
also it says that they came selflessly as many immigrants do to give there children a better life .
for the reasons above those are some of the obstacles builders faced in attempting to have dirigibles dock there .
someone should laugh at least ten times a day .
i cannot remember a time when i went to the library and seen something that was offensive .
he is dejected and almost ready to admit defeat .
i had a wait for <num> minutes .
i will not forget the time when i was really mad at my dad and then laughter fixed the problem .
when we stop <caps> jumps out of the car and rushes to <caps> door to open it .
my friend and i have been going on adventures since the third grade .
if the person spoke fluently in <caps> and <caps> than he or she could teach you .
one day <person> and her mom where going to watch a movie called <caps> from <location> .
thank you for your time .
in the tent that <time> we were so tired everything seemed funny to us .
in the excerpt the builders had many obstacles on how they could dock dirigibles on top of the empire state building .
within seconds i was ready to begin my test .
we decided to go on the <caps> .
<caps> went the doorbell .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not more at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over your ring areas .
even though slavery was a big thing they still did not want any of the younger people to have it .
printed materials are the hardest to censor .
my opinion on this is no .
a great example of a media material that is challenged every day in every part of the world is a book called the bible .
i finally got there and knocked on the door .
so thats why it benefits the society .
there were many problems the builders of the empire state building faced when it came to dirigibles .
in this time i hope you have learned more about the computer and have changed your mind .
they are distancing themselves from everyone but their computer .
our teacher from sophomore year <person> always told us that were very giggly and that it was a good thing .
first it was illegal to have an aircraft flying too close to a city was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
and <location> blimps were filled with helium .
<person> would be driving and the baby would start screaming in its car seat and wed have to pull over and find out what was wrong with it .
another fun website is <caps> .
i shook <caps> head off and started to concentrate finding <caps> classroom .
the mood created in this memoir is love and unity .
we had to be patient on the car ride there because we were all really exited .
we passed each other many times without even acknowledging one another .
two weeks ago i took my <num> year old niece <caps> to our local public library to find her a book .
we should not have to take away certain items .
i even smiled and made my own remarks that got her to laugh as well .
maybe a bad break up causes someone to make a song .
but instead most people say cant you <caps> wait to see the <caps> .
at least twenty minutes have gone by now but i feels like twenty hours .
<caps> <caps> was furious with the fact that no one was as fast as he was .
<caps> thought as <caps> got out of the class .
that was the time i was patient .
it is very unnecessary to have rated <caps> movies .
so no one should have the right to tell people what they should and should not read .
laughter and smiles i know falls under the same category i mean <caps> you smile your happy .
the students poured into their seats as we scurried around behind the curtains .
every time i go to get my hair cut it is a lot of people in the <caps> shop .
the people that have been upset over media have caused there to be certain censorships over these materials .
all of us were so excited we all just wanted to go and perform all day .
asks four year old <person> .
i enjoy to see people be happy because it always makes me feel happy .
a <caps> large snake crossed my path .
first the weather will affect the cyclist because in hot weather you lose a lot of water and you sweat a lot making it hard to pedal .
a time that i was patient is when i broke my foot .
a lot of people in the world today are having this same question .
also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer .
the cows walking along the fence line waiting for dinner to go their way .
it would allow people to learn about places all over the world .
when we got there we all had a couple of beers .
he is seeing it in a book so why not try something in a book .
meanwhile i was still trying to make at least one good friend .
this communal burning would make it easier to control the public mindset .
i believe that computers help as much more than hurt .
some people might be funnier but the things is we can all be funny in our own way .
<person> noticed and immediately started to chuckle .
this is an example of how stores connect to their customers .
<caps> go of a problem while laughing is the best way to get rid of problems .
instead he just saw the same rusty color of dirt and the occasional snake .
the long abandoned roads further increased his doubt of living the whole bike ride .
a momma bird was laying eggs .
tools is a better word for these things .
next it was time for bed .
at lunch we found a little <location> to eat lunch on it had a actual rock cave and we had scared a bear off the <location> .
computers also broadcast news .
my second reason is because books that they carry at the library are usually educational .
my brother asked my mom for a new game and he got it the next day .
computers is a good benefit for people .
the winter is a symbol of the hardships she has and will continue to go through .
for not getting the the gamer .
i like to listen to music because it relaxes me and helps me focus more .
i feel no we should not take our learning form our babies .
i balanced the white ball in the palm of my hand .
on our way out of the hospital i blacked out and hit my chin on the door so we had to stay their for about an hour .
but so are those that believe that these things are good .
without her that first day i am unsure how the rest of that day or week would have gone .
computers have far more positive than negative effects .
they took tours of the equipment and mooring operations at the <organization> in new jersey .
there in the dirt that lay just before me .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
please listen or your child could stay back .
mostly everyone does the same .
one reason that i support computers is because they make learning easier .
my mom has to be patient because sometimes her co-workers or even the people there really get on her nerves .
laughing is very vital to life but needs to be appropriate .
we looked up and saw that it was the woman who had been in the boat .
it means to be understanding and calm .
a couple years later we bred her and ended up with seven outrageously cute puppies .
thats another way we should have patience .
the mood in the memoir was created in a couple of different ways by the author .
it was my first real break-up .
<person> is showing that just because someone is not related to another person they cannot be family .
the name of the was halo reach .
on evening we decided to watch a movie .
it should die down eventually .
i was patient because i watch them i did it .
go out and have a marvelous day .
i bailed to the other line .
stuff that either happened two years ago or just happened that week .
as you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers .
watch what the grab off the self .
the greatest obstacles to successful mooring was nature itself .
there were many obstacles the builders had to take .
its even bigger than that .
the last mood created by the author was appreciative .
social networks only just make this even worse .
he possessed eight years of memories made with his mother and many of these memories involved laughter .
the sword was made of magic .
this evidence is located in paragraph <num> .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the subject race might come into play in some books in libraries .
she cant wait until winter is over and is just waiting for the spring to come .
also because he was in the desert he had no sense of direction .
the second hour i was coloring with the crayons and paper the nurse brought to <caps> .
he is also enjoying having his family always at their home .
so people like you and me can enjoy good stories in books and read informing magazines ad listen to good music
if there was twenty different <person> books on the shelves many people would be able to look at them and check them out as they please .
if the content is too offensive then it should be removed but only under special circumstances .
i was next i sat on the seat the sun was right on me .
i only check out the book i really want to read and i read it and return it .
i know that everyone is not the same and feel the same about everything .
i start to get hungry and very upset .
also less kids are reading .
we waited like <num> or more minutes then it died .
he is in a hot place similar to a desert .
this empty land make the cyclist himself feel empty .
it can help people drives it decreases reaction time and it can help people write more neatly .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it has meaning .
an elaboration of my point is that he explains what courage they had .
it was a good thing she had extra pants with her .
my sister pulled down my pants .
using the computer is <caps> good to do or not using the computer helps people be able to interact wild people that so easy to talk to .
that is the mood the memoir set of me to understand it .
he describes how his extended family always nearby .
we all stopped talking and things were really awkward for a little while .
thats really bad for your health .
then when we get home we all stay up late playing video games and watching movies .
censorship in a library should not be allowed .
i think computers are an amazing breakthrough in modern science .
there is an amendment in our <caps> of <caps> that promotes freedom of speech in the <location> .
and again he said no .
the biggest obstacle was nature .
i absolutely hate sitting on the bench .
three hours had passed .
the back of the ship would swivel around the mooring mast .
you see how skinny she is .
so that is my story about how i was patient .
people could assume that drugs kill you .
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising .
he also liked how they would invite a lot of people to come over for a visit and how they treated them like family .
once i was ready i called him back and asked him where he wanted to hangout at .
<person> blushed and asked him if he wanted to swing for a while .
how are you suppose to laugh at yourself and have others laugh with and at you no matter how stupid it is .
never had i met a girl who could make me laugh so hard that i actually enjoyed hanging out with every day .
it brings a happy mood .
i played <organization> and the game .
it would mean a lot to your friends it you just take time to say hello through e-mail .
while we were there we would be visiting my dad as he was working in <caps> .
patience <caps> is being polite by waiting for someone or something .
their behavior is very controversial and the show itself has been forced to ban a few of their episodes for safety reasons .
it is just something that we will have to deal with .
it was in the warmth of the kitchen in this humble house .
one could understand both sides of the coin here but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books .
some people would be offended at a book with a cross on it .
then we went on and on talking .
every person is titled with their own opinion but there should not be censorship in libraries .
when i <caps> i feel all the happiness and emotion just flow all throughout <caps> entire body .
this is show when he says .
ill probably have to clean up the mess after <caps> too though .
i think being on the computer is unhealthy .
we were sitting there for <num> .
one obstacle was that a lot of dirigibles outside the <location> use hydrogen over helium .
this is a true enough statement that it just makes you wonder about their logic .
but when we are all together cheering is the funniest for example when our varsity cheer squad went to <location> .
the desert contained rolling hills .
they should be able to explore however they desire .
i know that you would feel like dirt that someone would do this to your hard work .
now that is one long story about patience .
with this problem also came risks for pedestrians who are on the streets .
earlier in the story she had been crying and missing her homeland the tone was troubled and sad .
<person> got to the door and tried the handle .
another <caps> in the story is sad .
so all this puts affect on him from just whats around him .
we got in live for the ferry that takes you to the island where the statue of liberty is .
the clock went around and around .
so with my friends you can count on having a great time no matter what the occasion is .
this is <caps> second reason .
<caps> has gotten straight as every year since middle school .
there are tons of things you can do on a computer .
this turned out to be the high light of the trip <person> we still bring it up from time to time .
you can go there to learn and to do research if you have to write a paper .
when i got to the dentist and sat down .
<person> asked her if she would like to meet me and i heard a high pitched squeal of joy from my sister saying yes on the phone .
but <person> kept doing it anyways .
there are educational websites to learn about things .
i will admit i too use my computer quite a bit but at least i budget my time so i can also go outside and play a while .
and finally help with schooling .
therefore people would be angered or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelf because someone said it was offensive .
that night was just one of the most funniest all of the things that happened that night were just so humorous .
i sat quietly in a chair .
it takes patience when you are out hunting .
computers are very helpful to us and improves everything about the way we live .
i basically want to rebel .
and they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers .
another thing is <person> would always praise his parents throughout the whole story .
well then last point is that all these helps us in a way if you really think about it .
it was about an hour in i fell asleep in the back seat .
that was one time i was patient but not the only time .
at the time i was holding the girl and <person> was holding the boy .
i can see those anytime around town .
you <month> find something offensive but it might not be to someone else .
those who support a trances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people .
if you understand experts can agree and kids could be healthier and still communicate .
many teens spend there whole day on the computer leaving no time for their family and friends .
i was controlling the big boat the only boat with a motor <person> towing behind us was the canoe .
my coach had to be the funniest person that i have ever met in my life .
weeks went by and still no boots .
i ordered with my mom and dad and waited .
cause either way they going to be able to find away to get it .
the author is most proud of his parents because of tier love and sacrifice .
about my grades being dropped .
i got to hang out with my dad and i found out how much fun he is and how funny he can be .
or they could play educational games .
i was sitting next to some of my friends so i just talked to them .
the youth is what is going to be running this country when we are old .
soon i will once again have patience when i tutor for <caps> .
i am the kid that has no choice in the matter .
the features of the setting in the essay caused the cyclist to suffer and continue being determined .
she first has to grow and adapt to the new surroundings .
in this story the setting affects the cyclist in many ways .
one <date> week a couple of years ago my grandparents were over .
although the hills and road conditions changing the character in the story still gets through his problems with out much worries .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the conditions he is in without any water .
when having so much fun by taking many pictures and videos we lost track of time .
the dear finally started to come in and one dear got close enough for me to shoot .
this can then lead to a child having a hard time associating with his peers .
now the content of some books are not always appropriate .
a flaming dirigible or a falling metal object at extreme heights would cause serious injuries because the landing is above a highly populated city .
thank you and have a great day .
or if the person is eating while being on the computer .
i will get the music and movies i enjoy and find age appropriate .
both of those books are by the author <person> .
most have holy books and writings .
hand-eye coordination is very helpful in sports .
everyone had mixed emotions about leaving .
so i believe that each person should be able to read any book they would like without any restrictions .
our country has problems with being overweight .
a parent should keep a close eye on what their child read or see .
while growing up i had a friend who was very religious .
<person> play <caps> describes him in very crude ways .
you can make audio calls to a person using the computer .
and it also makes you happy <caps> it makes you think about all the fun you and your family has together .
i got better because laughter is the best medicine .
i looked over at <location> and laughed .
when ever i do my homework .
imagine a world where we had never heard of <caps> or <caps> .
one reason i support computers is because they help with writing .
thats not in books go on a computer .
this conclusion of the story provides a sense of hope for the future .
you see many residents just dying to go to foreign countries but have no money .
and how i think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better .
some of these books could be helpful to the people who choose to read it .
where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street .
me and my family were so bored .
when people excessively use the computer they put their safety and well being at risk .
the members of my immediate family are known to be both incredibly clumsy and easily startled .
<caps> believes that the less time on the computer means more time on family vacations and with friends .
laughing was made for things that are actually funny .
the story states i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
a true story for me in laughter .
this is why you came .
<caps> quote has greatly influenced my life .
obviously if the content was published in the first place it appeals to some audience .
the were all so lead weights to lower the dirigibles down but this could also set risk for people said on page <num> .
the last obstacle they faced was the law against flying to low over urban areas .
with the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand .
its all apart of life .
some of my friends spend <num> hours on the computer a day that they could be playing .
patience is difficult to do .
the next group that censorship within a school system affects is the school system itself .
but you wont cause you feel too embarrassed or too ashamed to admit that you made a little mistake .
many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on .
the unrated version or the censored version .
he was then in desperation for a town .
all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
if they took all inappropriate books out of they library .
there could be many reasons why the author concludes the story with this paragraph .
next it was time to gear up and put my helmet on .
i think that computers are good .
many of the settings features affect the cyclist .
i went to the edge of the floor .
there was a girl sitting next to me and she looked just as scared as i felt .
an then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
this meant the construction of a gangplank to an open observation platform from which the people and luggage had to be moved <num> floor by a special elevator .
parents who ask for books to get taken off the shelf are just asking for too much .
she had already started to call my name out .
but my mom told me i had to just wait and that it will come soon .
for me personally home has always been a calm place .
<organization> is one of the many joys i love to share with people .
computers have caused people to forget ow to use manners and communicate in the real world .
i began by throwing some ideas around .
and that was when we knew as a <caps> group that maybe he was the one .
total censorship is bad .
in the beginning he had a positive attitude but once he arrived at the first town his attitude started to go down from there .
books are important to everyone whether they realize <caps> or not .
so i have to sit there do the work and be patient .
thank you for listening .
we were probably on our way to the park for free lunch the school would always serve free lunch to who ever want free lunch .
she is not giving up on it .
only two dirigibles ever docked their and it has never been used since
i would be sitting in all asylum .
its nights like <caps> were laughter really plays a key role between a big group of friends like i have .
they think people spend to much time on the computer and are getting less exercise .
we started off pretty good that morning .
arrived at the first town .
parents need to protest so any thing they find offensive should get off of the shelve .
people get addicted to the computer .
all these problems contributed to the mooring masts fate disuse .
those who are interested in those topics still deserve to be able to choose those books .
we have all been to a library at some point in our life .
many people like computer and like to use them for many different kinds of reason .
this affected him many ways .
there was really no safe way to do it .
the text shows how exhausted he is by the winds eating at him when he dies .
so school went by the bell rang it was time to go .
dehydration also can be fatal .
reading foul language would not be any more offensive than if someone was to use the same foul language in front of you in real life .
i strongly believe that all people should use a <caps> .
so again we sent the guitar <caps> hoping that we would finally get the wright one .
i was happy with my choice as i checked it out .
although some it has a wonderful computers have established incredible ways of communication .
fought a dragon and a thousand knights .
allowing dirigibles was going to be the new way of transportation back in the 1920s .
one day i was told we were going to <location> .
we just had to new people join the other day and the season is half over .
it is a fact that you can survive without a computer .
the most important obstacle to overcome was safety .
i think computers are an asset to the community .
there could be some stuff that people will think is offensive .
laughter actually was the shortest distance between two people .
this made it impossible for any dirigible to dock or even come near the empire state building .
i want you to stay with her and ill see you when i can .
especially for breaking up with my first love .
he taught me so much from the little time he was he but whenever i need a laugh i think of the last time i saw him .
only three hours had passed and it was annoying me .
that does not mean we need to completely remove those materials from libraries though .
so to be nice i let her in front of me .
i am going to talk about what i think patience is .
it was also a daunting task .
its always good to have that laugh here and there and no that you have that connection with the other person and no your friendship is still there .
i had a fun thats the day when i was patient and taking my time .
i was afraid because <num> of the <date> had passed and still no letter .
our connection with nature was strong .
one of them was not being able to just drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state buildings flat roof .
the features of the setting affect of the cyclist because the setting changed so drastically .
this led to a playful warm tone as he lead to his grandparents who also enjoyed a meal at his house .
they have the authority and right to do so .
so we started to walk .
we cant some them too .
you could do something quite like draw a nice picture .
there once was a little girl named <person> <caps> was the important girl in the land of narrative .
one and tie <caps> pill does on the them .
a time when i was patient i was patient on <caps> .
he said that he was on the monkey bars .
in conclusion when building the empire state building there was obstacles faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
<person> and <person> are fire men i wonder if they knew who helped <person> .
he tried for hours to make it go .
books more often are correct .
obviously it was difficult for the author to adjust to her new country .
the winds were constantly shifting to the violent air currents .
the winds were too strong due to violent air currents and there was a law prohibiting airships from flying too low .
he love his parents .
if its for the other messing up where it could or would completely mess with mine or her life .
however it is also very foul .
and because of his actions and author has to suffer from money lost and big waste of his time and effort he put into it .
those are three of the many reasons why i think that computers are good for people and have had a positive effect .
studies show that <percent> of people with computers have either <caps> or <organization> installed in their computers .
you just got to know how to avoid it .
if we send our children out into this world without any knowledge of drugs things will get out of control .
so who would have negative effects of the computer .
we need to get people off their butts and away from the computer .
you should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there <organization> and forgetting all about there work life i did .
however within a library there are limits toward what they offer and what you can get .
not two miles up the road the terrain changed .
<caps> sit there and watch and talk and bake in the sunlight .
the greatest obstacle is the violent air currents would make the back of the ship swivel around the mooring mast .
so much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use .
instead of putting dish soap in the dish washer .
for example look at the <person> <organization> .
as a sign of impatience .
something that would be offensive to you could very well be beautiful to someone else .
<person> walked out of my room and sat down .
that season of volleyball i made many new friends .
since she is going to take the test again she wants to help her mother .
this shows that he has been drinking his water too fast due to the heat from being in the desert at summertime .
you cant accomplish that by sitting at your computer .
i tried it a couple times while he was looking and he would always swat my hand away .
thats a time i use patients to wait for something .
another example is in paragraph seven where he says i learned the real definition of family .
these are probably the is for school .
my family has gone to many different areas around the world .
the setting of a hot and lost place had a huge impact on the cyclist .
and if you take it away they <month> never find it .
also you can even play video games on your computer .
we both write to the manager to get rid of the shirt color we do not like .
two floors would be designated to passengers .
the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted to buildings foundation .
those are just two examples of what the builders of the empire state building <organization> .
to our new temporary home .
as we were walking down the snowy hill <caps> spotted the <num> pond on the lower half of my property and hurled towards it .
the article was obviously biased and did not have any teen sources to prove that not all teen drivers are bad .
i want to be that light .
with censorship in libraries this would keep the little kids from acting the way they do in a book .
also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time .
computers can also help you study for a new job and what the requirements are .
i suddenly stopped laughing at all because i thought laughing alone would look stupid .
well i remember everyone pointing and laughing at me a .
i believe that computers have a great effect effect on people .
and he also says i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
for example the text states .
a colossal number of significant and life-changing books can be found in the millions of libraries throughout the world .
the library has educational movies for children that <month> not be available anywhere else .
keep laughing and have a fun in all you do .
the idea of censoring books and music in our libraries has long been debated .
finally after four months of doing this i did it .
let your mind wander to a place of peace and tranquility .
if the use of computers was lowered anger that people have would lower and would lead to other positive things as well .
the library would be the most trustworthy documentation of facts about this topic .
we waited for a while before another player was seen walking close to us .
another obstacle faced with the mooring mast was one of safety .
it was in this simple house that my parents welcomed other refugees to celebrate their arrival to this country and where i celebrated my first birthdays .
also the thousand-foot dirigibles moored at the top of the empire state building .
a dirigible moored at the top of the empire state building only held by one cable tether would cause tension on the buildings frame .
the features of the setting have a very negative effect on the cyclist .
he also talks about all the people that live near him and how he loves them all like family .
<location> pulls her again and <caps> falls into me .
i was so patient that the doctor gave me a sucker .
later on <person> and i ran out of people who to call .
then decide whether or not it is offensive to even an adult audience .
these offensive materials are included in this right .
never been so grounded and whooped hard in my life .
everything was fine until the car broke down on the free way .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
you have seen my views and what i believe .
so i got out of the car and went and stood by the road .
i stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink .
<caps> said so i can buy this cool new game .
not to mention that all around was a densely populated city and any accident could cause much more destruction than normal .
the builders of the empire state building faced many difficult obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock .
i believe that even though some of these books or movies might have a couple of offensive lines or phrases that does not mean the whole thing is offensive .
there is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give .
those were the <caps> they faced .
computers can improve learning in a variety of ways .
after two hours and a half while i am watching t .
i believe it should <caps> be taken off and there are alternatives to this .
so go out and buy one .
<caps> appreciates everything the family has done .
i nodded my head with a smile so big with looked like my lips were about to fall off .
another obstacle that the builders of the landing needed to get past was the element of nature .
the framework was originally stopped at the eighty-fifth floor .
the decisions we make should be influenced by a rating system put in place for all media .
and <caps> <caps> became more excited .
for example all that typing can lead to arthritis in the hands and fingers in the long run .
in <caps> <num> it says his community extended a hand to people who were clearly in need .
computers also allow people to store important files and pictures in places that wont get lost .
the author showed that he was so proud of his parents and his culture .
i wish people were as fast is i am during a test .
by the tone of the narrators voice shows that .
people all judge things differently .
she ends with that paragraph because it starts over .
we got come the cream and said one way home .
the dirigibles could be weighted down in the back with lead weights but with them dangling high above pedestrians on the street was not safe or practical .
not a great idea when i was so excited .
especially your laugh .
the obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was the lack of a suitable landing area .
so this ride was torturous due to the setting .
the more you laugh the more you can live a better life and enjoy life more .
all of them contributed to his life .
another reason is because its a good hands on eye coordination on adults and students .
in every book there is some form of material that people <month> not be a fan of .
its important to know things on on the computer you can look it up and find out .
it is possible for anything to offend anyone .
kids these day need to learn more about other cultures .
exercise is important for the mind and body .
usually they would weigh them down but that was not ideal being so close to other buildings and hovering over thousands of people .
you can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people .
when he reached the ghost town and was out of water he was upset and frustrated .
in the current life we are all living we find a need to make things more an more private .
what ever you do on the computer will stay their and be saved no matter how you try to delete <caps> .
this variety provides stories for many audiences .
this would be bad for all children .
odds are that the person saying that wont actually go for a walk they will thinks its going to be okay and they will just keep pulling it off .
i do not believe there should be censorship in our libraries .
you can see where its going just by looking at the screen .
formed the backdrop to life in our warm home .
should not be taken off of the shelves of libraries .
take this for example .
he only speaks through sign language .
all of these make the cyclist start to give up hope .
we thought it was not fair .
the setting affects the cyclist because one he should have stack to his own map .
one of those countless hardships was the setting that he was in .
while we were walking we got hungry .
i would always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
this word search was kind of funny <caps> only because we were saying the rest of the letters after the actual word which made them pretty funny .
the mood created by the author is loving and happy for many reasons .
the next mood conveyed by the author is gratitude and admiration for his parents .
also they realized major would play a negative role .
that was really hard .
it is not alway a ferocious topic .
i do not agree that reading material or anything in that matter should be taken off of a shelf .
he has trouble finding a place to get water .
a <caps> is that everyone wants to share their event with the family .
there were plenty of problems engineers at the empire state building faced when they wanted to dock dirigibles .
the local newspaper wants to know my opinion on the effects computers have on people .
well i believe that no book is useless nor should it be removed from shelves from any library .
they did so much for the author .
we all boarded the plane and we sat next to each other of course .
the people who were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the empire state went through many obstacles .
so we were deciding which roller coaster to go on .
they did not want to have a fire over a densely populated area .
my brother was sorting the presents so that everyone had their own pile .
as a whole <location> is known as an obese country .
that also shows how grateful the author is .
i mean i love his descriptions of the food cooking in the kitchen and all the great smells .
some people enjoy these strong materials and should be able to find them in their libraries for their pleasure .
another issue is banned books .
starting up for the <num> time that year .
computers have many positive effects that are very important .
the dangers are always there .
they turned into a <caps> because of a girl named <person> .
vowed silently to herself then i will take that test again .
also if you had nobody to talk to one time you <caps> go on the computer and try to meet new people .
computer can deprive you of the nature that surrounds you .
lastly computers help people make money and support their family .
what was accepted back then is now considered inappropriate for viewers and readers .
when constructing the mooring mast on top of the empire state building it seemed as if the engineers looked past all of its flaws .
many people might not even know it yet but computer can turn on you and really ruin your life .
books that teachers would like to give to there class to read .
laughter is an integral element to many situations .
the reason our forefathers founded our great country was to have the freedom they were isolated from in <location> .
if the books that swear were no longer on library shelves society still will not change .
then she bout me a lot of stuff .
another example is when i was a freshman .
censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offensive history .
this was the third time we have had to return these boxes .
know being safe is important .
when you are on a team and exercising you will learn <caps> life skills .
censorship in libraries aimed toward historical events should not be allowed .
before he left for <organization> he told me patience is half the process and half the reward .
helping people helped me realize and understand this is passion of mine .
people were numb to feelings and that could be the outcome of censorship in the libraries around the <location> .
this would have made it illegal for a zeppelin to dock there anyway .
the author of this story created quite a mood in these few paragraphs .
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love .
the awkward moments faded away into laughter .
just sometimes we all do not think a like or like the same stuff .
he came back home and was wishing dinner was ready .
they either tell me it is a good novel or tell me it was horrible .
now that you know two ways that computers are not beneficial to society .
by now i was laughing so hard i could hardly breath and my face was turning into a shade of purple .
when computers and other technologies are available there is much less of a chance that you will actually interact with family and friends .
i have not found one thing in our library offensive to me .
the computer is simply a way for kids to get in trouble .
the weather affected the use of the mooring mast because the winds on the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
one main problem was the buildings strength .
both anticipating my snap .
i met the person that would later on become <caps> best friend through one of <caps> friends .
while reading a good book you can be listing to music .
nothing that a teenager or an adult would want to read .
i jumped in my truck and headed to my mothers house .
say if you needed help with fractions you can go on a math site it helps you with it .
where these people learned to love .
it is very hard not to <caps> when someone else is laughing .
<caps> wants to go on the computer that day and throws a ten turn the parent should take the computer away for the next and so on and so on .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
we should destroy the computers .
so we sat by the furnace and ate and told jokes about our friends and our parents and the laughing kept us cheered up for another three hours .
i know personally that it has help us .
without computers people could not learn new things .
there are millions of libraries throughout the world and thousands of items in each of those libraries .
after the first couple of minutes we talked we both knew something good was going to come from this .
i never did terrible .
an age restriction of thirteen years and up would be a responsible decision .
he appreciates this so much he ends the <organization> saying i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
just because some people think that there are offensive materials in the library does not mean other people do .
there are some good ones out there if u look .
a person is a human being .
i have never laughed harder than that in my life .
we can check our taxes and stocks .
i <caps> the culture and how you need to appreciate what you have .
one time when i was in <location> we went to <organization> and we rod no wait for any of the rides .
<caps> whole team broke out into hysterical laughter .
everyone loves watching <caps> .
i had to wait a few hours .
she feels like she has a friend in this book that can handle the situations with her .
the setting in this story greatly affects the cyclist .
lets say that he gets lost and hell need direction to get wherever hes going well theres nobody around in able to help him get around or anything .
so i hope you take this in consideration that computer are great <caps> society .
they provide you with information and they increase your skill when it comes to technology .
everyone will be offended in one way or another some time in their life by something they will read or already have read .
if he was in a different setting this felling of despair would not be in the story .
as i get older my tolerance for patience has grown bigger .
it was about a four hour drive .
this presented another problem .
i was shocked and embarrassed .
she would also take the test because it is comforting to her and reminds her of home
that why i cant be patient and now you know why .
we rent a large cabin that is right on the water side .
<caps> and <location> stop sighing and my patience had held through .
the <caps> shows her self as a really grateful for all her parents have done for him .
they are also more likely to become less obese and if thats not enough they are hurting themselves because they are obsessed with inaccurate information .
i did not want mom to get annoyed more .
this is because most people are usually on their computers .
books can be a way of learning how to deal with thing in a better way .
i ended up surprising myself with how much patients i had .
with all the money libraries and schools save they can put it towards something learn fulfilling .
the author created a mood of immense gratefulness .
some people <month> say that you learn different cultures and interact with new people everyday .
laughter brought us together in a time of need .
we gossip about them .
everyone gets in position .
with this people are so consumed into the computer that kids get side tracked and forget to do homeworks .
the biggest part of laughter that has contributed to my life is having a relationship .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the rougher the terrain got the more the cyclist had to strain to make it .
he tried to jump on the front forks <caps> missed and fell .
the pain will always be there .
if you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night .
she had her opinion and i also had mine .
if libraries are going to have this kind of stuff in their libraries i think there should be a blocked off room where kids cant go .
freedom of speech is a keen aspect in <location> and thats what made our country flourish through many years .
the instant message is probably the must used by teens .
also whenever you got food was not enough .
a few months ago i was at the library .
the cyclist was also dealing with the difficult roads .
from the <caps> regime of <location> to the banning of <caps> in the <caps> empire .
it can also bring families together .
i talked to my mom and she said .
the idea of a dirigible quietly disappeared .
they were soaked in sweat .
many say that history repeats itself .
no library should uphold to the needs of a minority about an offensive book just because they say its inappropriate .
computers is one of mans greatest accomplishments .
in my opinion having computer is good to have .
the youth of <date> is portrayed in mostly a negative light .
you can see the towns and so much more .
its those brief seconds with another human relating to you .
if you were to start censoring books in libraries it could cause some problems .
in the story it says that she failed her test and then she bought a plant that reminded her of her old life .
their are many features that affected the cyclist .
that is why the author ended it like she did .
it was free and welcoming .
since he is talking about his family of course he is going to <caps> loving .
my concern is for the children who get a hold of these books .
more parents need to spend more time with their kids and talk to them about these things .
you know he is new to our <caps> .
we had to make his last <caps> a great one to end on .
the excerpt also explained that nature was a huge issue .
the mask itself was made out of whisked egg whites and toilet paper .
the memoir has a very happy mood to it .
as technology advances so does our skills .
i understand a parents concern with their child reading or listening to things that are not appropriate .
i told her how much i missed her friendship and how much i missed her presents around me .
the trip had started and for <organization> the vacation was much needed and unexpectedly fun and relaxing .
the first major obstacle was finding a way to tether the dirigible to the dock .
all of the different cultures came together in friendship .
the open terrain leads to the beating sun which also puts pressure on the cyclist .
if something is making the people of our lands more riotous than it should immediately be censored or removed from society in general .
those other people would send it around and in the end it was a horrible mess .
how about old friends that moved away .
the winds were violent from changing wind currents .
however i think that my <caps> is the most patient person in the world .
<person> is saying we shall all share then never giving <caps> back .
he said that there was the scent of life and love in the air .
one last obstacle is the sixty thousand dollars needed to just make the frame suitable for mooring dirigibles .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
first was that new many modifications would have to be added to the frame of the building .
<month> be someone has a game .
the high wind was a problem .
he is running out of water but has the determination to get to <caps> last the terrain affects him .
another obstacle faced by the builders was the weather .
i did pass the course and am becoming a good <caps> .
i think the top level or a certain area should be the adult area .
she came back upstairs carrying a role of paper towels and a plastic garbage bags .
i ended up sitting there for <num> hours .
many obstacles hindered the loading dock on the empire state building .
theres many people out their like me .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
also laugh is good for health too .
the world has seen on several occasions what censorship can do to people .
i the class closet at ping she will clap third time until they stop talking or quiet .
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows that she realizes her connection to the hibiscus plant .
however this was not the case .
usually i get so nervous i forget to say the body of the speech .
she also learned that her time will come and she will one day be driving .
they could play a variety of games .
my dad and me have a good relationship as well with my mom we get along well and laugh together .
the aircrafts so were also at risk of landing on sharp spires of other buildings .
i recall one of these experiences when i went on a motorcycle camping trip this <date> .
the same goes for a simple social gathering .
there are also bad movies such as <caps> and <caps> .
i knew my cousins were at the door because they were all heavy handed .
its up to an individual to decide on what they will read and what their take is on the matter .
just think you sitting in the house on a rainy day bored out you mind and have no thing to do .
i was so embarrassed i put the ball back in my dads truck and i went back to work .
it said <num> weeks .
we have gotten to the point where there is so much out there that it is nearly impossible to do .
i started to get really worried about were she went so i walked around and looked for her .
we do something for hours to get it fully done .
you could interpret it in different ways .
i told her that laughing and enjoying ourselves is what brought us together .
the first time i went to take the test i went with my best friend <person> .
a book on <caps> could offend many people .
people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike .
this shows how builders struggled with bureaucracy in their attempts to build the mooring mast .
also this memoir gives a grateful and thankful mood because it makes you think about the people and family members that had loved and sacrificed for you .
and they also use the computer to study about a country or a person they are doing a report on .
remember this next time you are someone you know sits down at a computer for a long time .
movies and television .
here he describes how the people in his neighborhood acted towards each other .
one of the obvious reasons is the height of all this taking place .
they would not even be allowed to approach the <organization> .
the dirigibles made outside of the united states were used with hydrogen .
people from all over came and be apart of the family and it was alright with them .
i mean how could anything i say make that situation better or help her to feel better .
this student should have no better source for information than a library .
the lines was as long as having to <location> itself something told me it was going to be a long wait .
and when hes getting water or how the tumbleweeds are crossing the road .
as i said before they can help people learn .
please take them into consideration .
the idea of docking a one thousand feet long dirigible to a mast eleven-hundred feet above the ground never seemed possible .
i wanted her to look back at me .
books could be a way people escape the real world .
laughing is the truth between happiness i would have to say .
another reason was because of existing laws was airships flying too low over populated or urban areas .
these problems go to show that owners of the empire state building faced numerous obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there .
the other was able to deliver a bundle of newspapers hoisted down by a rope .
so i started to do my homework i did all of my questions correct .
and the worst when your not .
so many people are addicted to it .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
another problem they encountered was the dirigibles were unsafe .
we usually relax for a little before we do our homework by challenging each other at playing <caps> .
that day i learned a lot on how it is important to be patient .
it could be helpful to you and others .
they can talk to each other but most of all see each other .
it labored my breathing and soon tears began to fall from my eyes .
the heading on the document said <caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> .
so i had to wait in the line again and take more pictures .
another obstacle the builders faced was safety .
the <caps> and my mom said that all that patients you did got what you wanted .
his environment and the features of the land have made him tired and thirsty .
he tells how people always came over to house for dinner and there were many celebrations .
not everyone that goes to the library wants to just sit and not talk to anyone .
all of the sudden a smile crept across his face and he asked if i had a biological father named <caps> .
every piece of literature that has ever been written documents a portion of history of the human race .
they also have several unhealthy diets that teenagers might try .
i have observed that most teenagers and even children that read offensive books end up having a behavior that most parents and teachers do not approve of .
i should be free to be able to walk into a library and grab any book i wish .
even though i know i cant spend a day without using or just looking at my <caps> .
i think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world .
we have a freedom of speech even if those words are offensive to others .
in closing i would like to add that i can also see why people would want to censor certain things .
for instance if you are going for a job interview you really need to connect with the person interviewing you and make a good impression for yourself .
what a day well l guess my family does have patience well not my step dad .
spending long hours on my computer had caused me to become .
they <month> even became your new best friend .
it keeps you in touch with friends if your on vacation from school .
<caps> the time they got their food it took <num> hour .
when i was in the store my cousin was patience out an outfit and i was taking a long time .
our principle called for an emergency assembly when we all had arrived at <organization> that <time> .
voting is always important and people should notice that .
however censorship in a library can be a good thing if used delicately .
it was my <num> birthday .
the setting in this story deeply effects the cyclist .
now i know what your thinking what of we need to print something .
so i stood up in front of all my guest and told them what had really happened and we all laughed historically .
the child must be at least <num> in order to get a pass from the parent though .
people have different beliefs .
this meant that the frame would have to be strengthened .
it is all a big chain with many loops .
<caps> a dirigible catch fire right over a very populated area would be dangerous .
this quotation creates the mood of appreciation by simply stating eternally grateful .
he had plat smooth roads to go through .
i find it much more easy to use a computer for projects and i <caps> all of my friends think it is also .
we all have our opinions and choices .
i sat alone and waited for teacher to come .
i walked with him to avoid the image of being any more of an outcast .
she decided to retake the test .
it felt like forever .
you this young teen thinking thats your friend says yea sure .
this form of technology is called the computer .
there is a lot of obstacles in trying to come with an idea of a building .
the first obstacle they faced was having to modify and strengthen the steel frame of the building .
which is very painful .
computers are just one part .
so that is why the owner will add a bit of everything into their library .
its all a matter of opinion .
they start to eat too much and later they become very lazy .
to we them because of that addicting computer .
another great obstacle was nature itself .
i was patient when i was at home yesterday watching the movie called <caps> .
mostly any job along with sports requires hand-eye coordination .
sometimes people get help from books that are offensive to others because somebody is doing something wrong and the book <month> help the other person .
every person is different .
a time when i was patient .
<caps> i went to replace the four bottle <caps> shot .
the are happy because the are all living together in a perfect place all together .
in big red letters it said false information <caps> she had gotten the information from a book .
think about how life would be in the <date> without computers .
they <month> even decided to check the magazine out .
you said why todays a nice day .
many teenagers do this .
i was funny cause its the other way around most of the time .
because it was hot .
the location of a cyclists ride affects the persons attitude and strength .
this is a story about a time when i was patient .
in closing this story shows true family and how a house becomes a home .
this upsets her because she probably misses things that she was used to before .
we got everything packed and ready to go even the dogs were ready to go .
<caps> so close to buildings in a dirigible was illegal for fear of crashing into sharp spires of other buildings in the area .
i was so hurt i told him i just wanted to be alone and he understood .
blimps would not be able to fly close enough without the wind pushing it .
this is just another great use of computers .
the author seems almost detected by this .
a computer has information about anyone you chance .
the ratings are there to protect younger kids from getting into adult movies .
health in very important but sitting in front of a computer for hours makes matters worst .
the censorship that i am discussing is specifically about censorship in libraries .
in conclusion it has to be obvious that i feel censorship should be used in libraries .
interacting with people is very nice and touching .
the author of the memoir creates a very a grateful and happy mood .
they need to go out and enjoy nature .
he wanted to add a mooring mast to the top of the building so that dirigibles could anchor there for refueling or service and let people on and off .
but then again these are people that use them for entertainment and other social things .
a time when i was patient was when my baby sister was born .
authors often end stories with paragraph that make readers wonder what happens next .
those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends .
<caps> sits down <caps> the ground .
the author concludes the last paragraph of the story because she already knew that she should not be afraid of trying a new life or new environment .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
the biggest obstacle to face was nature itself .
this also shows she is determined because even though she failed the test once she is going it to try again .
before computers world spend hours in books and find what there looking for .
she will take her drivers test as a sign of surviving and overcoming obstacles .
in the adult section they have adult books .
she wanted to make the best of things with what she had .
he tells them how much courage they have and thanks so much for leaving their jobs .
in preparation to the construction of the mast the architects first took tours of the equipment at the <organization> .
learning about different cultures can teach us many things .
it seemed like another boring day in hell from what i could tell .
books are a way that people can express themselves with out actually going out and hurting someone or something .
we sat there in silence for a short time while <caps> chose his words carefully .
it was about second grade when we became <caps> .
there are people out there that think somethings should be taken off the shelves or not even made .
i know i would not .
my mother always has her heart and arms open to anyone who needs to be loved .
if its a good day the cyclist will want to rid .
since we were only little kids to adults .
its an amazing thing when people laugh .
and hydrogen is highly flammable .
my friend <person> and i have known each other since the second grade and have been friends ever since .
the setting was pretty baron for the cyclist because he also come across a snake .
this was the last straw .
on television there is always commercials that will attract kids or teens and influence them to but their stuff .
based on this excerpt the builders faced a few problems when building the empire state building .
no one should be denied the chance to learn .
in public libraries books should not be censored movies should be censored and music should not .
phones are just a tiny version of a computer .
lastly builders would have to face the obstacle of nature .
and even though those events are in our past they are still very important to our present .
then you have to wait for a shot .
all you have to do is search your destination and pictures and info will come up so you can make the right choice .
this last paragraph is written for several reasons .
without that the conversation would <caps> been totally different .
the desert just made him want water even more .
to sum up computers have a positive effect on people .
because children and their parents are spending way to much time on their computers .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
especially he is grateful for how his parents turned his simple house into a home .
the sunrise that rose the morning of <date> at <num> am was the most welcoming sight i had ever seen .
it is this determination which moves him from ghost town to ghost town and keeps the story moving .
go their and hangout with friends interact with them .
now the worst thing was when i got to <location> it was very hot out .
<caps> <person> and <person> sat down in the movie theater and watched a great movie .
we had long conversations that would last us hours at a time and we always seemed to laugh about everything .
the winds also were problem .
doing a word-search .
this is a very controversial topic .
i will be an exchange student on a high school in the <location> .
i remember clearly how nervous and excited i was .
the other practical reason why blimps could not moor on the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
the whole memoir has a loving mood .
well with being able to just grab all the papers off line is easy .
if movies are just laying on the on the shelf or around the house .
then we heard a loud crack and the plane stopped .
the reason why it is so popular paper want to talk to friends that they enjoy talking too .
and they waste time and are distractions .
the builders of the <organization> many obstacles when attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the best thing to do is to keep it on the shelves .
it was quiet except for the adults discussing what they should order form the family meals .
if all of these things happen prior to the fact that libraries have censors on their materials then many libraries will not get as any customers .
the hills were hard to climb and there were dangers all around such as poisonous snakes .
my last reason that computers are beneficial to or society is that they allow people to talk with other people .
the things that should be censored are a very small percentage and it is not worth the risk .
there are people out there that might disagree with me and i can see where they are coming from too .
<percent> of people including teachers agree with this .
computers are obviously unfit for our bodies in many ways .
not everyone can invent new ways of transportation for the future .
in this article i am going to talk about the way libraries sensor their books .
these computers can even improve your mood .
rappers curse and swear in their music because it is how they voice their opinions and personal experiences .
every time there is a fight or disagreeing <caps> dad always cracks a few jokes to get us in a better mood .
never was a contractor paid <caps> build these houses because the men of the town made them by hand .
he has always keep me laughing and i try to do the same for him .
this are my three ideas to the news paper article .
over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
whats the point of going on the computers if all your going to do is play games that gets boring to me .
when i was about <num> years of age i had my first memory .
this law made it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area .
whether its for enjoyment or research .
everyone is entitled to their own opinion about certain materials .
i slowly slid the piece of paper out of the envelope .
computers give you a chance to get your bills paid and do some shopping for a cheaper price .
people should have the freedom of speech but not in an offensive manner .
anyone can check out a book at the library .
no for live but for our life or something <caps> .
one day i went to a concert at <organization> and there was a very long line .
one dirigible was going to try to dock there was the u .
<person> the <caps> <caps> <caps> out with buddies are some of the best <caps> of my life if its an adventure or just a <caps> time <caps> out .
kids need to learn how to read different kinds of stories .
in the excerpt it states .
then <person> made us listen to <person> text messages .
some people think that rap music is offensive and should be removed off the shelves .
it had been about fifteen minutes so far and everyone was bored out of their minds .
every hour i would go look outside to see if she was there .
i really <caps> like making her smile .
computers are advanced our world little by little every day .
i strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely .
they should make a policy to allow older kids to check them out .
enjoying the topic or material is optional .
these obstacles proved far to many to outweigh the practicality of the mooring mast .
the builders were faced with impossible obstacles to overcome
the best thing to do is allow libraries to have whatever material they want to have .
desirable to post to a later date the final installation of the landing gear .
the actual docking was impractical it would be nearly impossible to connect the winch .
<caps> we had stopped by the store in some small town and god some soda and i bought a soda to drink .
i said in a robotic voice .
in this country we can .
<caps> was so anxious to take my sisters phone away that <caps> immediately asked for it before confronting my mother about it .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
watching that scene made me laugh the hardest that i have ever laughed in my life .
a time when i was patient was when my mom broke her hip .
often people would like to widen there music intellect and the library is the perfect place to do that .
in this country she misses her homeland and the hibiscus reminds her of so .
i believe that computers benefit society .
sure we have a right to remove that book but there are a lot things that are going to offend people .
the censorship would still be at the library in a certain form .
in paragraph <num> it says the winds on top of the building were constantly moving .
the paragraph leaves the reader to wonder is she got through it the following year .
i was really exited to go .
my first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on .
all of these things affect the cyclist .
<caps> my own mother wanted to box me .
people will find out by themselves what they want to hear or listen too .
is the paragraph that the author uses to conclude the story .
one time i was taking the <caps> test we had a very long time to the different parts on the test .
if you agree you can do something about it .
it teaches you bad thing it changes your life .
the builders of the <organization> thought that they had a great idea and that they were pioneers .
i became more willing to wait .
i now had two friends on the team and could not wait to leave for the tournament that <date> .
computers are very helpful for people .
the computer is like a cause and effect .
the computer has a lot to do with that .
i know people in that class still but its not the same because i knew we were going to lose our friendship because we would never see each other .
some items <month> offend someones beliefs and be rude .
computers also help you to work for school .
adapt to our <caps> .
a simple laugh made us comfortable and everything was less awkward .
we love to do silly things like sing in the locker room randomly or make the most dumbest jokes ever .
the amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years .
grandma was laughing so hard she would fall back into her chair and i though she was going to die of over laughter .
computers do not effect me in a horrible way because it helps me get my work done faster .
everyone has their own opinion and can make their own choice on what they want to read or what they do not want to read .
from the excerpt the mooring mast there where many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
the more time spent on a computer the more you damage your vision .
<organization> <organization> is very different than most .
will leave someone with nothing to read now .
after a long conversation <caps> started reading a magazine <caps> i put on my music .
or just <organization> shows in general .
basically this excerpt is talking about the the mooring mast .
if they spend too much time on the computer they are more likely to fail their classes .
tethering the mooring mast would do little help .
after about ten to twenty minutes later we were boarding the raft .
i saw people handing out blue rain jackets .
it allows the book to give off a feeling of living in the time is based in .
when i hear about a book being offensive it makes me want to read it .
i feel that if you are at the appropriate age for a type of literature you should be able to observe it .
but boy did i have a great time serving the winning point .
some of the great classic novels have contents that could be considered offensive to many people .
this is the mood that was conveyed by the author in the memoir .
you can have music while on the computer and you can watch and check out movies you <month> like .
one of the main causes was nature .
the author shows it by saying love of cooking .
but this problem was fixed by strengthening the buildings foundation .
you will agree with me and why i think that .
another thing that people believe is bad in libraries is the talking .
that is the whole point in reading is so you can learn .
so to boost her confidence she decides to plant it .
so to rap up my thoughts and feelings .
the greatest obstacle to the mooring mast was nature itself .
people will find something wrong with everything a person can put out thats just human nature .
we just get used to all of it and do not take it the wrong way .
she made me laugh with everything she said .
the only way my family can keep in touch with them not spending money is email .
most of them be on it from the time they get off of work or out of school until its time for them to go to bed .
oh i remember when my history teacher told me that it took <num> hours to make a baseball bat by a human from scratch .
a has the highest obesity rates in the world .
second reason was the problem of wind currents .
music is the number one entertainment people enjoy .
i had a situation once when the title of the book sounded great and when i started reading it it had a lot of curse words in it .
books are tools for learning and taking them away would be harmful to education .
well many of us have .
the features of the setting have a major affect on the cyclist .
you can break this paragraph down to mean many different things .
some have different opinions then others on a certain item in the library which will lead to argument and possible violence .
these are the moods the author creates throughout the memoir .
he is happy to have a home to stay in and finding his new life ahead of him .
more over it will bring more danger to you and your family .
so more people would rather watch a movie .
in order to do that we would hang out a lot on the weekends and in the <date> sun .
<person> took my hand and we walked towards the roller coaster ride .
like i said before it <month> be offensive to some people but to some its not .
<caps> dip the toilet paper in the egg whites and plaster it all over your face .
if someone comes across information that would be offensive they were most likely looking for it and are aware of where it is .
i still wanted to impress her and be with her all <date> .
the winds caused the dirigible to move too much that it became unsafe to use .
comedians love hear people laugh at or with them .
i think the story overall was alright beside the fact <caps> was offensive in it though .
it is all ways a good time to use your patience .
<person> <location> that if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf .
if i was a administrator in a <organization> i would look at what is the meaning behind the book and what it is trying to express .
he said the new shipment should be arriving at five .
we will ask each other on this website .
i think the author concludes the story with this because shes proving she has the strength to do something that she failed the first time again .
the only person that came to mind was <person> .
this <caps> its appreciative because it says that he has thanked them over and over again .
that day i invited him to come over so we could watch the game together .
but we ended up telling her .
i was patient waiting for my results .
remove a book from a shelf is like decrease from knowledge that could have been known .
this gave him a better life .
is extremely accurate for most .
it was so good it was gone soon as she had put it out when i say soon i mean soon .
computers have robbed us of our ability to experience creature .
lastly it can even increase you chances of finding a job or helping out your job .
surely the pressure to build the tallest tower in the world got to them .
it is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and check out a book .
when i think about that day i still laugh .
but <caps> it good for there health .
more than <percent> parents voted yes .
many books that people think are bad just have a terrible word on one page .
the paper said how my town was filled with rednecks and that many people there were not very educated and not intelligent .
laughing is the key of happiness .
wile am doing the dishes my little brother is crying cause my little sister <person> hit him .
kids cant enter unless they are <num> or older .
it is an amazing feeling when you get it for him .
laughter is the cure to a sickness and the medicine to somebodies pain .
<caps> how may a blimp of that size ever managed to land on the empire state building .
this can prevent many problems .
today i am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are .
we have learned to accept everybody no matter what color they are .
if you do not want to hear those words or see certain images you should not have gotten that book .
there could not have been a better way to meet a guy .
if the empire state building had not been above such a densely populated area they may have not had this problem .
in the memoir the author creates a mood that is calm and comfortable .
they could make a section for adults that includes books that are not censored .
i would always backtrack of my days so i had a personal calendar for counting down to it .
<person> looked over at me with another strange look on her face and began to laugh along with me .
most people that use computers use them to talk to friends and other people around the world .
keep on going and if you open your mind to new things who knows what you can experience and learn .
it is changing the way people are and the way they feel they can act around others .
this information is very harmful and should not be allowed to children .
lastly i had to wait on the doctor to give me the discharge papers .
i myself enjoy a wide choice of materials from libraries .
the more you know could just save the world .
the greatest obstacle to the use of the mooring mast was nature .
we just pointed <caps> the <caps> right as <person> started rolling down a hill .
for example he is in the desert and it is very hot outside .
the <caps> of the empire state building in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was a lot of work .
we need to take a closer look and really examine what needs to be taken off the shelves .
those are all reasons why i had to be patient on are <num> hour drive to <organization> town .
first of all just learning how to use the computer is a skill you need in life .
<caps> <caps> <caps> <caps> i want <caps> go get ice-cream .
walking past someone i <month> not know also has its positives .
just like the author is going back to drivers ed .
a single cable tether held the dirigible and it would add stress to the buildings frame .
we were talking about a problem that i was having .
the setting was rough .
we began running again praying that we would arrive back on time .
all of the books we found were over how bad the slaves were treated back then .
computers allowed more jobs to be made and replaced .
after that i got something to eat and relaxed .
without those books in that library i would have never been able to research those topics .
his main opponent in the battle of staying alive was the heat .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
when is someone going pinch me go i wake up .
not laughing could make this life horrible and dull .
my conclusion is that people should not to be able to get off of computer .
though they planned their steps into making the mooring mast on top was unrealistic .
later <time> i found him and he was big <num> .
he also praises their willingness to help other immigrants and stick with everyone while they create a new beginning .
you have the right to either read what you see or keep moving and read what you want to .
he also used very detailed text to paint the reader a picture .
a time when i was patient was when i counted .
one moment in my life where laughter was really great for was in awkward situations with people .
i really needed a friend that could just let me forget about my problems and bring a smile to my face .
this means that because of the wind and air currents always shifting the the dirigibles would be hard to control .
everyone is different in their own way .
the lack of exercise while using a computer impacts people more than they realize .
the biggest obstacle by far was the elements .
based on the excerpt the builders faced many hard tasks the builders had to make sure that the mooring mast was stable enough to dock there .
we woke to the smell of bacon .
the empire state building is one of the greatest symbols of the united states .
the next day she ran down the stairs <caps> find her <caps> sitting on the coach .
some music has bad language in it and children should not be listening to music like that .
many songs and movies tell you that being beautiful is on the outside .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting dirigibles to dock there .
it was nice when we got in the building because it was nice and air-conditioned .
they mostly were memories of good past times and how he grew up in a loving and caring family .
my cheeks were tear streaked to my jawline and my eyes were red and bloodshot .
then it took half an hour to find a place to park .
friends were hard to come by in my childhood .
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she made a vow to herself and hopefully she will keep the vow and make it happen .
i got out of my chair .
sometimes in order to grow and live in this world children need to read and see the things we as people but in books and movies
therefore the computer helps teach everyone facts and many stays on whats going on around the world .
like the examples in the passage above .
for example <caps> or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school .
there is also a law forbidding aircraft flying to low over populated areas .
you can also buy thing off the computer .
some <caps> do not believe that is an opinion .
i think that action the librarian takes is completely unnecessary .
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things .
the computer and the world-wide-web is useful in several other ways too .
we helped everyone else get all their things unpacked and set up so we could go on a ride .
these obstacles stopped the hops landing on a building .
it turns out that wait was worth it .
most dirigibles outside the u .
the cyclist goes through many natural settings that affect him .
that would make her sound smarter and get a better grade .
the author concludes with that because she kind of relates herself to the flowers .
i think that the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly .
if you take books away from the libraries then you loose sales .
this is a good way to use the computer because you can track your route you can even print a map and go hiking .
i always hear about people saying how bad the band <person> a .
another example is when i want to do something and my mom say no i always sneak it and get in trouble .
so we bought another elephant ear and i was the only one that actually ate all of it .
after lunch we went to our next two classes and the classes seemed to go by really slow .
so please take my opinion into consideration .
the author showed thankfulness because his parents worked so hard to give him a new life .
i can not tell you what they thought about me .
when i got home i was still angry so i went to the garage i have a punching bag in there .
in the essay the setting affects the cyclist is different ways .
we made our way to the table in the back where <caps> and <person> were already sitting .
if we allow this right then these libraries which allow individuality would not be able to exist .
<caps> body behind these people have to go and come back after the break .
your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out .
if thats all they are watching and thinking about then it does not look good for the future .
but just then <caps> sister forgot her towel .
another obstacle the builders faced was nature .
we then realized the trail was most likely made by animal .
these two challenges ended up making the use of the mooring mast impossible
while we were on the dock a bat flew by and <person> almost fell in the water cause she was so scared .
i think computers are very unique and important .
the views i used to have would be gone .
when the front was masted to the building the back would move around .
this is what i sad in my head that means i need to run .
the country around her began to feel like home .
i hope you agree with me .
the setting is active just like the cyclist .
this is just one step <caps> need to take to get a healthier lifestyle .
i had too learn from my parents that the things i were doing was not rational .
the old man yells my boy .
libraries and all types of media should not be censored .
just as the way his parents were to other immigrants .
<caps> it was the day to go on our vacation and my parents were proud of me for being very patient for a week waiting to go to <location> .
though with my patient skills i helped him .
the plant seems to give her hope and the last paragraph of the story mentions the hibiscus .
when building something always be prepared for obstacles .
my laughing was cut out by the doctor opening the door .
that is the time i showed patient .
after we got home from shopping we had to load all the bikes in the toy hauler .
your screen fills with choices of information sites .
there was a sign that posted a max speed limit .
some parents do not want their children reading about vampires and werewolves .
that was definitely an obstacle they had to face .
in the story winter hibiscus .
this will help us later on in life also .
and even meet them someday .
also the mood is set when <person> is parents help other people get back on their feet .
this was mentioned in <caps> <num> and is the main reason why the idea failed .
computers are a resourceful tool that they can help people in every different aspect of life .
then it take another <num> to get checked out .
the music that makes you happy no matter the mood your in .
everyone would like to jump in a dirigible and transport from one location to the next .
it affects the cyclist because he almost collapses from heatstroke and lack of water .
my om named off a couple things that needed to be done around the house .
the cyclist began to sweat due to the heat and thus he drank just about all of his water .
his eyes closed as the wind began to calm .
i guess the wait was worth it .
traveling is such a without a computer with out it you have to go to to buy tickets .
music should not be taken away from people going into a <caps> because of its vulgar content or anything of that matter .
you might need the computer to search up things for a project .
it makes it easier to work on projects .
that is patience in my own way .
lyrics can deal with really mature things that should only be heard and understood by adults .
<caps> my mum got up i asked if i could open my presents she said wait till your father gets up .
there would have to be over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications .
the only way to solve that would be to add weights to the back of the dirigibles .
and they can look up whatever they like .
they are extremely dangerous for our health .
some people are going a little bit too far when it comes to older teens .
computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family .
he replied with a no .
<date> came and it was complete torture .
in this memoir the author created a mood of what it was like in his childhood home .
then you also have the same right and so does everyone else .
it is your choice to read it .
it should be kept in a certain section of a library so parties wishing to avoid it can .
this is why most endings are meaningful like this .
the mood in this memoir is gratitude .
i know that if i did id get in big trouble .
one major obstacle was constructing a mooring mast that would not threaten the buildings structure .
i had to have patients in the <caps> of <caps> we had to have patient in the <caps> .
laughter <caps> is one the most important things in life .
but computers open up a realm of possibilities .
you can also use e-mail to talk to friends and they <month> want to see you again and you can meet people that way .
we tell each other whats going on in our families and all that good stuff .
i could barely sleep that night .
sometimes it will be in effect while at other times it will not .
this is my say on this topic .
so we waited and waited .
some people just sit around all day playing games and being lazy .
the cyclist has made it .
the staff is not the one who reads all the books their customers do .
in conclusion all i say is that without computers in this world .
one of my reasons are exercising .
the authors parents moved to the <location> to do what was best for their child .
computers are not having a negative affect on society .
people need to stop complaining about everything and just do something .
students within a school must have the right to read what they want to read regardless of the schools beliefs and ideals .
he is grateful for his parents sacrifice and love .
one example of this would be when i was seven years old and spending the night at my friend <person> house .
maybe i should change <caps> face looking with smiling and some confidence on it .
thats why you should depend each other like a team .
we do not need things like that in our world .
they are also neglecting to spend time with friends and family .
taking that book out leaves the person who would enjoy that book stuck searching for another book .
everything was censored .
they incorporate their culture into everything .
are turning people against each other .
i had tears of laughter in my eyes before i remembered that i had made a solemn vow to loath <person> .
if a child wants a book from the adult section then he or she would need to have a parent with them .
one of the things i do first <caps> someone is trying to be funny is laugh .
i was typing like a pro .
he picked out spoke on horizon and rode to them makes his way across the desert .
when i was twelve me and my two little sisters were split up and three thousand miles were crammed in between us .
the mood of the <caps> in the memoir is happy and grateful a quote for being grateful is is paragraph <num> .
people are spending way to much time on the computer .
the whole next day passed and nothing had changed .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
when my grandma had surgery we waited for three hours .
computers can help people in so many ways you just have to realize it .
this is a struggle because the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified .
<caps> also describes how his parents made their little apartment feel like a home .
so instead of removing materials off shelves consider that someone was just expressing how they feel and have the right to their own opinion just like you do
<caps> said and hung up .
so all in all more in likely the book should probably just stay on the shelf .
i look out the window walk out side and sat on the steps .
i say that computers are addicting this is a fact <percent> of students spend most of there time on the computer .
there were many obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
censorship was created to protect people from things that they feel to be wrong .
one of my favorite funny memories is the time me <person> two of my friends went to <location> <person> stopped at <organization> <organization> .
ll go send one more night my dad said .
after we had hung out there for about two hours we headed back up to her house .
those machines also damage the eyesight of humans <caps> bulling is the worst effect of computers .
plus they can be helpful with homework .
one time i was patient was when i had to go to the doctor to take my shot for six grade .
some how we got to talking about how he would be known as <location> brother because i am so awesome .
they can however now just get them on the go .
and when it comes to music their parents need to be very careful what they let their kids listen to .
ninety percent of the time that i do that my grades go up and i get a satisfying grade .
there were many factors that we would take into hand while planning .
events that help us get a better grasp and keen look at what has happened in the past .
just keep the peace and give everyone what they want .
he looked surprise that i talked and we started a great conversation about football .
the mood the author creates in the memoir shows a soothing and grateful memory of the authors home and relatives .
these books or movies are put out there for entertainment or learning purposes .
i got off and rode it miles cum force and i was faced to it .
yet there are still others whose believes directly contradict these .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the buildings or even approach the area .
their were many obstacles builder face while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building .
we cant finish our research project because someone thought one book was offensive or we cant listen to new album <caps> .
workers were excited with their plans and ready to watch the launch of a revolutionary moment .
of talking to your friend all the time .
one would be the way passengers got one and off of dirigibles .
when doing this they are typically .
these stories teaches us life lessons .
thats why the author put it in at the end .
he first comes to a ghost town where he finds no one is living .
i believe this because when its long downhill cool roads is fine but if it is straight uphill roads and extremely hot he feels like he cant keep pedaling .
the <caps> <caps> gives all <caps> citizens the freedom of the press .
the people of the world always have a priority .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
he laughs at the irony .
we spent the rest of the day trying to make it fly .
i now know that i enjoy being around someone like me who enjoys to smile and laugh .
she got really upset and stormed out of the place leaving me alone .
if your child wants to grow up and be a fireman you do not tell them that it is offensive to people so they cant .
we also are doing our part to destroy the environment .
thats a story about a time when i was patient .
he finally got the x-box fixed after about seven or eight hours .
<caps> i let the dog outside and picked up the baby and headed back to the table where my brother was playing .
that night he asked me to be his girlfriend .
and basketball keeps you quick and always running .
its my thirteenth <date> and i never wanted something more .
it was <date> <caps> and i had just started dating .
another one is how her parent cared about others so they help family and friends into they got back on their feet and how she does the same .
lots of people are laughing right now .
so they both have to weather the winter months they are not used to .
so i do not think the libraries should take the items off the shelves .
these <month> help you find long lost sibling or whom ever you <month> want to find .
i do not think it would be fair for just one person to be able to have the right to do that .
i could go for some coleslaw right about now .
i would do anything for her .
and you have know left its the right your could and have nothing to do that rude .
chip crumbs were in the couch and cheese was on the floor and <caps> tree .
one obstacle was because of safety reasons .
i think that it is should be left alone the way it is because it put that way for a reason .
you can listen to <organization> album .
one of the obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the empire state building was to strengthen the frame of the building .
i had no idea that she had cancer .
that is how laughter brought <person> and i to be best <caps> .
one <time> in particular was especially funny .
that would be terrible .
well you cannot blame the library for having the book .
the mood is set on this paragraph .
the girl felt very bad about failing the test which makes the reader feel sad .
coming from someone who does not particularly like reading .
i slept for a solid <time> hours before being awoken by my coach screaming at someone for spilling soda on the bus .
<caps> is the biggest <organization> fan known to man .
i sometimes have to patient at school with <caps> and other students .
<caps> acknowledges the troubles <caps> and his parents are in .
if they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge .
<caps> thank you mom i screamed .
these threatening winds would have made it impossible for the dirigibles to land and serve as safe transportation .
they are so independent they do when they go home from school is eat and play on the computer .
he setting of this short story affects the cyclist .
if this happened the dirigible would crash into the empire state building or other building .
also a dirigible is made of hydrogen and helium and hydrogen is very flammable .
the geese have left but will come back when the season is coming .
when we got to the arena the <location> and <caps> were warming up and the game was about to begin .
they were many obstacles the <organization> of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
everything there will be seen by the public and large masses of people .
<caps> i started to panic .
everybody today is worried about what everyone else is doing .
we waited and waited <caps> still no deer .
but me though if he wake up really early he would be the only one there .
safety was an issue with the dirigibles because of the highly flammable gas hydrogen .
so i wish i got one this year .
there is even a teacher ill mention something about .
as a kid your vulnerable .
numerous people who find the materials offensive must also remember the time and place the story originated .
the article states i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
<caps> <person> decided to go out and ride his bike .
if you talk to someone about sex and they start to laugh and make jokes then there not very mature .
in his last one <person> was getting older and he knew he would be tested .
the builders of the empire state building then decided not to use the mooring mast for dirigibles .
with computers we have enough for each kid in the class .
even though the authors parents had a hard time when they moved to <location> they gave the author a good childhood with happy memories .
keep reading to find out more .
and if we put a book about drugs on the shelve those kids will read it .
i was the only student in our grade that knew that answer .
the mood of this story goes from content to sad to happy .
but laughing about how he had buck teeth made me feel better .
having a dirigible dangling over pedestrians is very unsafe or even good .
by seeing all of those plants again especially the hibiscus she can draw strength from the memories she has .
the computer is a great tool for communicating with other people .
i honestly think laughter is the biggest part of <caps> .
i was in a lot of pain for about four weeks all together .
next she did the chores .
it all depends on the person .
i believe the terrain very much affected him .
another example is the state he put under his tongue .
which means that i know they are very responsible and that is what i think patient is .
people need to hear what bad things can happen when you do not listen to someone .
<person> said to the kid they you know you have to go to the back of the line right .
my adrenaline was pulsing .
the connection with seeing a tumbleweed is that of being deserted and alone so this increased his feelings of despair .
not only that but we need computers for school .
the last reason is that one .
the comfort of a laugh .
other people might enjoy that book .
why get rid of books that others <month> read .
i remember this moment so clearly in my head since it concluded our entire vacation with each other as family .
<caps> is a very risky path to let the young children in our society take .
there are so many helpful things to use it for .
she ran straight into the right door <person> fell over .
they will even go behind there parents back and probably wont care if they get in trouble .
writers reside in every part of the world composing works from complex life experiences to simple dreams .
all of these reason is why i think the <caps> has good effects on people .
this car was a burn out animal backing up then side stepping the clutch to second and it would all be up in smoke .
surprisingly <organization> wore the warrior suit this time which added a few extra minutes to the process of the hilarity .
i think you should take your time and read my article in this wonderful newspaper .
when you are looking for a book and you find one that seems offensive just put it back on the shelf and move on .
the lyrics of many songs or singles that have just been released are astounding .
when the dinosaurs went extinct .
my heart was sad for the poor girl because i knew <caps> needed a friend .
i will be writing about a time my <caps> took a suit to a tailor for a conference .
this memoir shows that because even with moving to a new country with new people the family still keeps his childhood filled with culture of who they are .
there are also lot of different in what people want .
some of those books people are taking off the shelves could be the book someone can use to relate to or even learn from .
it is just a life story .
all we do is crack jokes about each other and crack up .
a good book is healthy .
you could be out there getting to were your relatives live to see them .
i had to get my shots because i was sick .
this is seriously <person> .
laughter can also be abused .
the we finally found one and then went inside .
over sixty thousand dollars modifications had to be made to the buildings framework .
and finally the path you take along the way and how many stops you make along the way .
after hours and hours of driving my mother thought it would be a good idea to just buy a map .
then the rusty pump and ramshackle shed .
maybe a little too fast .
a time this happened to me was when me and <caps> boyfriend were on our way to <location> and it seemed like everything about that trip was going wrong .
thank you for reading my paper .
i got a big laugh out of that .
we waited for twenty minutes <date> we remembered that my mom told <caps> that we would have to walk home after <date> because she had to work late .
books are essential to a students growth into adulthood .
most people do not realize what sort of trouble they will start with censorship .
freshman year and i was lost .
a few minutes later she went to every student and checked there answers .
the hibiscus reminds her of her old life and it comforts her .
he hardly noticed the sun was beginning to beat down .
computers help improve hand eye coordination and helps you learn .
people want to be able to do more than just talk .
my brother gulped his down with ease .
i found this upsetting because everyone deserves to have access to the books that they want .
for example she likes bitter melon it says .
if you get it from a it might not have what you are looking for your project .
<person> friend <person> was a huge <caps> freak .
lets say you needed to make a change to the price of your goods but your car broke down and the incorrect price was miles away .
know you ask me to write an essay to a newspaper reflecting my views on censorship in libraries .
the library shelves would be completely empty .
<caps> <person> or i remember talking but i guess change had start to come .
this meant that even if the other to factor disappear there was a law the builders should have known about that forbade their plans .
but as the season started to really get going i eventually got into shape and looked forward to practice after school every day .
i had <caps> friends yet and i was to shy to go and join any of the groups so i walked to all of my classes alone .
they faced complications with the <organization> with there research on dirigibles .
<caps> i seriously just .
first of all he explains how much he loves his parents .
some things that can affect the cyclist are weather and scenery .
websites that are colorful and fun can teach kids how to multiply and read .
this law making it illegal for ship to even approach the area .
i think it should be one or the other .
she got all sad and mad at me because of me laughing .
books do not kill people .
it should never come off as a place with things that is offensive of so it should get removed .
some of the other girls were asleep and we had to leave quietly .
laughter is a key thing to have in a relationship .
<caps> example theres a show called dateline .
some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but i for one disagree with that statement .
as said in paragraph <num> the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
allowing children and their parents to feel safe and welcome is an important part of the library .
he was looking at a magazine out of <organization> library .
my dad was so mad that he kicked the only log that kept the <caps> from rolling away .
i was so patient that we got to eat at <organization> .
t <caps> that could be offensive to anyone particular .
the author shows that his close relationships of his neighborhood and all his friendships .
but censorship wants to take this all away from us in order to please everyone .
they are allowing their children to be exposed to this .
this made it illegal for ship to even go near the building .
that is why i think that computers help develop a smarter brain .
if you are sad and need to talk to somebody you are a few clicks away from being cheered up .
but he is mostly grateful for his parents turning his house into a home .
my third reason to why i feel we should keep computers is .
this law would make it illegal for a ship to ever tie up to the building .
you just cannot censor such a great book .
there was a memory of mine that was full of laughter and fun .
the last crazy event of the night was the <caps> <caps> <caps> .
laughter has always been a huge part of our friendship and always will be .
we had to see <person> as a friend not a foe .
i was shocked to hear my <caps> say that .
the lunch was filled with kids .
i said mar-co and he lunged at me .
<location> exclaims pausing for a comical response .
i think these should be a limit on a computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercising .
but he eventually finds a bait shop and he has a drink there so he is okay .
some say computers are not good because people are not enjoying nature .
it would make things was easier and faster to find the book of your selection
some people say computers cost too much .
an additional part of the setting which caused major doubt was that he was in a deserted desert .
putting the symbols together shows she has come to accept both places .
i agree that computers are having a positive impact on us .
this is how the mood was happy and made me thankful .
same thing with trains .
so i waited and waited .
we talked for about two hours and then fell asleep .
we cut the dough and put them into the oven .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles .
those are the three major problems found when building the mast
sometimes it helps show what mood the reader has in the story .
now i will move on the my last reason .
this feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today .
<caps> is a way of adding something special into our life and comes from many different areas of life .
things do need a little censorship .
also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in .
i hope you see it my way now .
well a teacher came and told us to stop and then the bell rang and so we just went to our classes .
its cool to not have to even got up to get what you want .
a recent survey shows that six out of every ten teenagers spend more that two hours on the computer .
they sacrificed leaving their friends and family behind .
books should be kept on the shelves for our own well-being .
the last reason for me picking computers is because you can play video games .
never thought id see the day .
students refuse to talk to their friend on the phone .
i once learned something very valuable in school .
at the time <organization> was only five so when <caps> dad jumped out at him he got really scared .
she was just holding it in .
this in turn allows us to get more done .
i agree that there are both good and bad effects to computers as well as most things in the world we live in .
i grew up listening to several different types of music .
like one reason is when people are on the computer all day long they do not get enough exercise .
in that smile i saw a real person smiling at me with real pleasure showing through .
she dropped her head back onto her pillow .
these are the reasons and obstacles why its hard to attempt the dock of the dirigibles .
just recently there was an earthquake in <location> and million of civilians died .
my opinion is the everyone as their own idea of what can be offensive to them .
that <month> or <month> not have happened to me .
the first problem with docking dirigibles is that the steel frame and foundation could not support the stress put on it by a dirigible attached to it .
he is also thinking to himself that he will die out of here .
another factors is the maturity of the reader .
i do not think that there is a need to remove offensive materials from libraries .
computers do not benefit our society today .
on <date> my mom said she had never seen a place so beautiful turn so ugly in such a short period of time .
my heart pounded where was my license i had just put it in my purse a few days ago .
that is a major part of life .
in short <caps> four hard years of working for the first chair spot in band were summed up to being second best the moment she stepped in the room .
nobody just sits home and does nothing those days .
this part of his journey affects him the most .
they might even explain why he or she is having the class read the book and why the children need to be exposed to this type of literature .
although when i am upset i laugh to make myself feel better and have a better day .
it would be much easier to just leave the people to make their own decisions on what okay to read and watch and what is not .
<caps> called me around four in the morning saying that <caps> was starving and that <caps> needed some food in his stomach .
we need computers to do this .
i know that it takes a lot to be able to let anyone into your home .
if i <caps> too hard my stomach hurts because laughing also burns calories and works out my abs .
when i was patient i remember writing an article at sea world when i was very little .
the <caps> of the empire state building faced many obstacles in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
i feel as though everyone has the right to choose what they read and listen to .
the man walked back there and took like a half an hour .
another obstacle was that the steel would have to be modified .
just have to control yourself .
to her it is a symbol of strength and comfort .
having offensive literature in a library makes it look as though its a bit trashy .
i think that if they do start removing things from library shelves they should still be allowed to be viewed to those who want to .
<caps> not the only one who agrees that computers are a big help .
i was starting to get tired so i tripped and fell scraping off a good amount of skin in the process .
it was this melting pot of people and his parents hard work that shaped who he is today .
computers help with this goal .
students use typing to type reports and e-mail .
for example if a company wanted to make a trading agreement with another company in <location> they could do so with a click of a mouse .
i hope you liked it .
<date> the last day for the week .
then it also turned into a serious and none joking around madder .
so we decided to make a fort out of sheets and furniture .
this law made it illegal for a ship to even come near the building .
libraries have tons .
up in want to sleep .
all at once we booked it into the water .
i think that it would really suck and tons would agree with me .
i waited for <num> min but it felt like <num> years .
libraries offer a large range of materials and this allows people to express themselves and find entertainment .
in when the water level end came around and i brought my boat up to the cabin .
incoming blimps would simply be flying too low against law for this to work .
i would come to along this breeze jaunt .
the first quote shows he was very free with feeling and the second quote shows that he was warm inside .
anything about a family coming together is loving .
<person> and i locked eyes .
in the end the <caps> of the empire state building could not overcome the obstacles .
i myself think that all books should be of the shelves because i do find some books to be offensive in their contents .
the laughter started to settle .
we also brought a camp stove for our food we make on the boat .
a computer hacker hacks a computer and shut of power to an entire city for about <num> days .
also by saying which is still with me today and i am grateful .
and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke on a gorgeous day this is an example of how he lost courage .
its quicker and easier .
the mood created by the memoir are described in many ways .
the hard part was getting <person> out .
the offensive things found in a library .
another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read .
the barriers to work were strong and high and my parents both had to accept that they might not be able to find the work they deserved .
the most challenging problem faced by the author was the lack of water .
computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air .
what a waist <money> money .
at the end of my speeches i begin shaking and am nearly in a state of shock .
my opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time .
this is the last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor .
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
advances in computer technology are beneficial to <caps> society for several reasons .
how the features of the setting affect the cyclist by taking and not had the right setting .
which effects him because hes beginning to loose hope and thinks hes not going to make it .
he is getting worried because there is no one around and his directions are starting to sound wrong .
the architects would have to modify the building because a thousand-foot dirigible moored on the building would add stress to the building .
a library is a place for study and learning for educational purposes .
so for that they always kept their arms and door wide open to people they considered family .
the computer is able to do so many things .
he felt like he could not go on because the heat from the sun made him want to have a heat stroke .
can be found offensive .
the author created a lively mood filled with love and gratefulness for his parents .
they should be allowed to do this because of their differences and their definition of offensive .
computers are always going to be used and never put to waste .
everyone has a right to read it at some point in time .
i told my brother thank you and gave him really big hug .
so when we got there i was just waiting for like <num> hours bored out of my mind .
without anything fun to do no one would look forward to tomorrow .
the last paragraph of the story displays the theme of determination .
it sounded very confident and made it where she can want to try if she or he fails the first time .
there is a big difference between choosing not to look or listen to something than being told you cannot look at something .
this were some of the obstacles to the builders of the empire state builders to attempt to allow dirigibles dock there .
and that i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
letting out the last prolonged scream i pointed down to my crotch .
thank you for reading my letter and hope you take it in consideration .
as my conclusion i know that computers are good to have in peoples houses .
many times my family of four departs to go camping during the <date> .
i would read as long as it takes but it just has to be the right book for me .
the faith that this struggle would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times .
<caps> i say to my <caps> .
we talk to people world-wide when ever we want to .
<caps> were the last people .
it depends on a persons personal views or beliefs .
my third and final reason is no future .
the author says that his parents helped him discover the real meaning of family .
in the presence of my fathers humor i found the strength to keep going .
this shows the connection she has with her home and the flowers .
there are negative and positive effects for each state .
now he is a fashion designer .
still each of us on edge so i say something stupid or funny to lighten the mood .
the thought of trying the test when the hibiscus starts budding ties the story together .
they help kids have fun with the games we can play .
when we walked in there was a party going on so we were like nice .
i believe libraries need to restrict items that will have a bad influence on children .
the main conflict of the cyclist in this text is the lack of water .
you never know what new technology could bring .
one reason why it is important is because you need to enjoy what life has to offer .
i reason that computers are more unhealthy for us .
many people turn to magazines as a way to relax and read about the latest fashions or their favorite athlete .
it also means you can go through tough times without complaining .
if you talk to them in a long time wondering how there doing what they life .
he ran downstairs to his room as i continued to stand there with my mouth gaping .
i treat people the way i want to be treated and that should go for everyone .
the features of the setting make the ride for the cyclist very hard .
public views are starting to take over the world .
after he said that about <num> girls went crazy screaming .
it was very cold and l was dressed warm but i was still could .
there are many games out there that you <month> enjoy .
i would not want anyone to be offended like that .
kids use the computer for entertainment .
after the first chapter i had wondered who who call this a children book .
in order to get the next town he must encounter some precarious situations including some changes in terrain .
others might not think anything of the item and move along .
shows that <percent> of people talk to other people over those websites .
i was a flock of seagulls haircut .
the would need to make the frame stronger to with stand the stress which would cost over sixty thousand dollars .
most of these victims do not return or are found .
i cant wait to go back next year and i know that i will be bringing an super tight shorts to go tubing in .
the greatest obstacle was nature itself .
someone of any age can get their hands on just about anything they want .
i told him the time and asked him where he learn t to play guitar such beautifully .
this is the mood of the author .
anyone is capable of possessing them .
i think every one should have one .
the goat had stopped at the fence and started to charge it with his horns .
my smile is a mask .
the author should be the judge on whether or not they want there book censored .
thats why parents need to interact a lot .
lets say you had a job designing houses to be built .
it is not right to hide the truth .
you can stay away from those sections if you find them offensive .
you can tell someone what is going on and call the cops .
the builders were not successful at their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock at the empire state building .
computers are making society very lazy this is why they have a negative impact on us .
these currents would cause the ship to swivel around and around the mooring .
people rather marry a computer character than actually communicate with real people .
<person> retorted with a serious face .
this is what i think the mood is in the memoir .
one obstacle that they faced concerned safety .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
therefore <caps> is happy .
when you are on the computer you are sitting down instead going outside and that because a habit .
being patient as a kid is never really easy .
they all ask the same question his cousins ask .
everybody uses patience sometimes in their life .
people in the workplace are distracted two .
the author loves his parents and is very <caps> for all they have done including turning this simple house into a home .
there are many different things in the media that is shown everyday that is very offensive .
a lot of what i know now was taught to me by my grandparents .
the mood in the story is very happy .
it was around <num> then .
it was pretty hard to go up my house stairs .
the <location> desert climate burrows down upon the cyclist .
one girl was all in black .
i am being patient right .
only <caps> adults could watch .
if your not a patient person that cant wait for the simplest thing that will only take a while then your a very impatient person that cant wait .
the third obstacle was a law against the airships flying too low in urban areas .
if one person feel the book was offensive to them then they would take it off the shelves .
many believe that laughter comes from your heart and is believed to make you and others around you truly happy .
this can have positive effects on people .
from my pop it of how .
the best thing of all is that is free unlike a telephone .
new things can be learned from them .
a third reason is that it can teach you hand-eye coordination and gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people .
but also he puts in a bit of sadness but overall seems to be extremely thankful for what he has .
the mood of this memoir is being thankful and is presented in all these different ways .
my parents both had to accept that they might not be able to find the kind of jobs they deserved .
he does grate in school too .
there will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer .
the computer does effect how people exercise i know what you are .
when three kids grow up together they find that they like each other better when they get along .
the mood created by the author in the memoir is pride .
these are just very few things that can happen .
one day <caps> i went to class there was a project due and kid said i copy all of the words for the computers .
its the kingdom to our lives .
well <caps> did not know how to swim so i had to teach him myself as a good owner and all .
these are the things i do to be patient .
people have the right to know everything .
learning benefits a grade in school or in work .
children now a days know a lot of things and are intelligent about certain subjects .
calling kids in your gym class names because they cant throw a baseball as far as you .
in had no problem with it because i had lots of time to type my paper .
except maybe the first time i went to <organization> .
i feel since i have <caps> i speak a different language that most people cant understand besides <caps> friends with <caps> .
i told my dad that i wanted that pool for my birthday and <num> like yeah i already knew that <caps> i already bought it .
a computer is constantly updated with new facts about everything .
where someone else reads the same thing and feels terrible .
i learned something that day that friends my move away but the jokes that were said will still remain .
for one there is the natural effect of wind .
and <num> inches tall .
for adults they use it for work .
not only do computer help out educationally they are probably the must well known information centers .
while attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the empire state building the builders faced many obstacles .
this mood is a mix of many things .
i got all dressed and we hit the road .
that took about <num> minutes .
anything can make someone change and in order to have that chance we should have the freedom to read what ever we would like .
i hope you enjoyed this letter and take it into consideration .
he makes the reader admire them too .
my second reason of why computers can have positive effects on people is that it can help them get a better education .
theres an example on being patient
of only we knew what that really meant .
so if you ever hear that laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
we will not be a respected nation anymore .
a love of cooking that is still with me to .
and they older what then what they say .
well thats why i think computers benefit us .
this is how the setting affected him .
in the beginning of his ride the cyclist is confident and is striving to reach the joys of <location> .
the mood that the author was trying to show was calm .
i rubbed the frosting off and smeared it on <person> face .
they can help with anything .
that is their lifestyle and their opinion .
you can go on the computer and look up the place and see what it is about and also see what other people said about .
make go in the woods and wake around .
i stood there confused for a minute before i had found out what happened .
now that you have finished reading .
if adults want to learn something new all they have to to is search it on the computer .
i have even read excellent books that offend me .
that is meaning they will accept anyone that is interested in looking at there stuff .
i think the last time i spent some time with my family was about <num> weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit .
it helps you at work for a job and at school .
so it was illegal for a ship to ever even approach the area .
without books there would be no real sort of entertainment .
this would cause the back of the ship to swivel around the mooring mast .
after the renovations were done to be empire state building it had 102 floors .
this required a lot of extra work for the builders .
there was nothing the workers could have done to solve other countries blimp composition .
<caps> a joke that nobody in the family laughs at <location> comments but herself and thats how <caps> remains .
<person> finally got the strength to get up .
com and text people from there .
one final feature that has on effect on the cyclist was the old abandoned factory .
we finished quicker than if <person> was working by himself and came away with the greatest feeling .
the terrain he had to go through was unbearable and could almost kill him without water .
books deserve the chance to be enjoyed like they were meant to be enjoyed and if they are censored that chance is gone .
another obstacle was there was a law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
on her way home she saw a hibiscus and went to a florist shop to try and buy it .
the company wants to make money and so does the author .
this goes to show that any project should be checked for safety precautions at all times .
we know this by looking back at the text .
maybe someone with the next big idea for the future .
the last thing the memoir says is i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home .
<caps> beat him at a game and now <caps> mad .
wind also was a serious factor that disassembled the idea .
music everybody has there on type of music you cant just start taking music of because you think its offensive .
every day when my <caps> and i eat lunch at school at our usual spot were always laughing .
so if you want to know what happen next you will have to keep reading on .
there were many people that were like family to him .
the kids are to blame to .
the first troubling encounter for the builders was they could not simply drop a mooring mast on top of the empire state building .
in the <organization> we have the freedom of speech and press .
fear and thirst start to get to him .
they find it out of place or offensive .
even with someone having a cut open foot we were on the ground rolling around because were laughing so hard .
if all the books that talk about history are gone then how will students be able to learn about the past .
offensive material should be removed from libraries .
the weather was a huge factor because if it were to be windy it could through the dirigibles to go off course and crash .
so i did what my grandma said and the next day a big package came .
what is great about the library is that you have a huge selection of items to choose from .
standing there was a weak eleven year old boy who thought he could not continue further .
another problem was that some dirigibles used hydrogen rather than helium .
we all need to enjoy nature more .
one amazing on a computer is the world wide web .
then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work .
even tough i have experienced many moments full of laughter one specific moment always comes to mind .
once again i headed back to camp to wash my clothes in the river .
the plant connects her previous life and home to the life and home she lives now .
you know now that patience is a virtue .
states shows <percent> of the natural disasters computer classified them .
when the bell rang we all went into the program center and waited for chapel to end .
my story about patience is when my sister was at the doctors .
though two dirigibles attempted they both experienced first hand the dangers of it .
then the cashiers were having trouble with the registers .
an artists work is a part of who they are .
this shows that many children are on a computer too much .
it will only further advance us as a society in the end .
i am just concerned about some things people can get so easily without any censoring .
this is not good because it would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street .
my little brother came running over their and i told him to go and get help .
later on that boy was caught and punished .
some of my friends are patient but they cant wait as long as i can .
this shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family .
<caps> rushed ahead kicking the air .
<caps> wants his parents to know that <caps> loves them very much and lets them know by thinking them .
in the essay do not <caps> posted speed limit the setting effects the cyclist in many ways .
when people think of soccer they think of the goalie .
he begins to despair even more .
in paragraph <num> when she talks about her love for cooking the mood is calm with a dash of spice to it .
the designers of the empire state building faced many challenges in the attempt to allow dirigibles to dock on its peak .
that creates a mood of happiness and love .
my mom setting up the table .
but not everyone agrees that this benefit society .
one of the greatest is the freedom of speech .
i think if their was no technology kids these days wont be beast .
laughing makes it easier for me to learn from mistakes i made and to move on .
libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers for their library are students .
i bowled and i waited .
he also has a lot of respect for his parents .
i had never done anything of the sort so i was somewhat excited .
needed to be answered and thats when shed to comfortable to take it .
because moving was a very hard for her .
she also loves all of the people around her home and how they all came together in unison even though they were all different cultures .
most libraries have children sections .
the reason is that benefits society .
the effects computers have on people are beneficial .
but tomorrow was planned for a day of exploration of <organization> and plenty of stupid jokes to be exchanged .
the empire state building would not have been able to support the mooring mast without having the essential modifications done .
one time i was patient is when i went to get my hair cut and she told me to come at <time> .
but this perked my curiosity .
my second reason that computers are extremely good for us is that they are entertaining .
the budding of the hibiscus represents the time when shell be prepared to take the test .
the steel frame of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
in a way books are both bad and good .
the computer device is one of the many devices used for communication .
next they would need to make sure the mooring mast was high enough to surpass the law against low-flying over urban areas .
i was living out in <location> and it gets pretty hot in the <date> .
the mood created by the author in the memoir was simply love .
this is a very difficult topic to argue with .
a lot of our countries income is from our factories and companies in other countries .
computers have technical problems that delete files .
they we came inside to relax and watch some television .
i took my time to plan what i was going to write about .
this is a little bit about what i think of this letter .
this could help people also because do not have enough many to pay to go to classes .
censorship is taking away crucial pieces of knowledge that we must understand to get along in society .
this is a time when someone i know was patient
in paragraph <num> he also says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
my shoe was right in front of me and i finally got to it with burly anything left .
interacting with friends and family is important for everyone .
i bot a jackass shirt and some food .
the obstacles that the builders of the empire state building faced were all due to the addition of the mooring mast .
i was always so caught up in laughter that i never had time to think about the negative .
lets find out what i have to say to these people who think that computers have a positive effect on people .
another problem the architects encountered was the high flammability of the dirigibles .
and all of them are offensive to someone .
what the author means that right now she has failed but over time she can study and learn more to get ready to re take it .
he began finding any excuse to stop and made them often .
he hesitantly asked me .
the reason why i said that the story was happiness was because she was happy that she was growing up .
he asked me if i was laughing at him and of course i said no .
this was a <caps> because of the high speed winds at the building shifting all the time .
computers could be people far away friends but how about instead call that friend on .
more and more children are becoming obese by the year .
stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations .
many different races take interest in new books to learn new ways .
the setting of this story greatly affects the cyclists attitude and adversities .
in the first <date> i got in for about one minute .
as the is days went by as it get colder we started to see some does .
visit a local park or play a sport for fun .
one of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on .
this just adds onto the fact <caps> getting the exercise is important to stay healthy .
now reading this i hope you believe that computers benefit society .
and they would always have they would always have people eat over and stay over if the needed to .
but they would never say anything to the library cause they know that i will be hearing these words all the time when i get older .
we just watched <caps> and played video games .
if a child is constantly on the computer than they have a chance of not being prepared for the real world .
the story of my <date> and how i changed the a girls life and my own with only smiles and laughs .
i learned to be patient with all sorts of things .
sometime you can feel a little bit uncomfortable with the situation and the way thing are going .
its glasses or even going blind .
my heart was pumping faster than ever because usually when they pull the parents to the side i t means something bad .
with literature its about conveying ones thoughts and feelings about a story or other subject .
i was bored so i made up a song .
some times i think i rush things a little bit too much .
the workers realized that it was against the law to even tie up an airship to a building .
why not try to use the computer .
also with so many computers it creates jobs .
it was where i learned the real definition of family .
the steel of the empire state building would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate this new situation .
i quickly hung up the phone and gathered up my gear .
they also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn has a cough and a small sneeze you know the tough stuff .
would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
computers helps the <organization> locate most wanted criminals .
i was so disappointed i only got to go on like <num> rides .
computers can be good in many ways but they can not be .
our world cant set aside time for such .
the features in the story great effect the cyclist .
there is no need to over react to words on paper .
so being patient really pays off and can unlock many different treasures .
if the dirigibles was tethered the back would swivel .
another thing was you were alway hungry or thirsty .
just keep that in mind people .
i was so bored i went outside for some fresh air .
there is a mood of love too .
secondly there was already a law put into effect for air trafficking .
the same thing could be said for these materials in the library .
adults and children are becoming smarter each day .
she was basically saying in a while when things change again she believes that her performance could change as well .
i also use it to write conclusions for science labs .
without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman .
we have the same interests in things .
they would have to spend over sixty thousand dollars in modifications of the framework .
it helps with a lot of tasks these days .
in <num> grade i was to the class room i know my of friends was with but did know the teacher .
i told her wow your so patient i would never wait that long .
i believe strong friendships and relationships need laughter in them to keep them interesting .
without the setting he would not have been in such a serious but luckily in the end the setting helped him be determined enough to make it .
you would be thrilled to be able to talk with them again .
<caps> friends are very random and have a lot of energy .
the mood created in the memoir is very loving and caring and it shows appreciation to the authors parents .
the obstacles the builder of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were a lot .
my momma went first and my sister was going next .
there was nothing written on <date> .
i still felt like she should be happy and broke out the big guns .
a lot of the children just needed love and we did so by laughing with them and making jokes to one another .
books are there to help us become more educated and more open minded towards different thoughts and ideas .
it has a pretty strange name due to the fact that the water is actually a greenish color because the reflection of the trees that surround it .
a time that i was patient was last year at cheer competition .
we got <num> different large pizzas .
the wind currents would also make it impossible to dock there .
the bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them .
i found out how to do it and it worked .
your with your family your supposed to spend time with them .
patience is one of the things that people need to have .
in the essay the cyclist is riding in the desert .
as you can see computers are very important .
the only water that the bike is able to find is not consumable .
another reason why something should get pulled off the shelf is if the book supported drugs .
those are some of the obstacles the builder face well trying to make empire state taller .
i knew that <person> went to the same church .
he shook his head like he had no idea .
i had noticed that some of the other students computers had also frozen .
i got the phone call when i was at <caps> best friend <person> house .
<caps> was patient and all but he wanted to go so bad .
even if some content is offensive some people it could still be a important part of history that people need to know
in my prospective this memoir is probably the most touching to my heart .
another reason i think hes thanking his parents because he was praising them .
instead you could be on the computer the whole time playing games of some sort .
the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
i just think that <person> is very patience and be is a great kid .
he is really thirsty and theres no water anywhere .
email is extremely faster than writing a letter .
people who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and that effects them negatively .
they help students do there school work .
the lady then asked me to drive around to the first window to pay .
first of all <organization> a couple is laughing they enjoy being together therefore it makes them want to spend more time with one another .
we all knew <caps> was time .
people should at lest get <num> of exercising .
they were totally unaware that their boat was tipping strongly to one side .
a library is for anyone and everyone who goes to it .
the girl wants to be a whole new person for when the test comes up again .
to more on i will explain what i mean about being with family and friends .
if it is a public library then the visitors should have the right to choose what books go on the shelf .
<caps> honey but i cant get it now .
if we were to censor what books were on the shelves in a library the eventually there will hardly any books for anybody .
i hope you will consider my thoughts .
in the text it says growing up in this environment instilled in me great sense .
without computers this disease would be stopped .
the speech <caps> <caps> gave eased us all .
anyway even if we try to go on different sites we get redirected to a blocked website .
i told you that you guys would love <caps> .
something <month> seem offensive to one person but someone else <month> find that interesting .
and it was not just those who were related to you but also those who cared for you .
i think that the mood created by the speaker is gratitude .
these are ways how computers do benefit our society .
when we got to the front of the line i was so scared that i was going to pee my pants .
all this show that where was he born how he got her and him getting a better life
this is why the story ends like that .
a one thousand-foot dirigible moored at the top of the building .
we were sitting on the max and my stomach started to hurt .
naval air station because they were leaders in research of the dirigibles .
<caps> some of the most loving families are not related .
about <num> later i got tired of listening to music .
<caps> stay at the shop for a little while longer than the rest of us .
it would be an adventure story and how a plane crashed in the middle of a jungle .
probably not to happy .
we ran as fast as we could .
also there are advantages to reading books that <month> show something different that that person <month> have experienced before .
this story is not about what i wanted its about patience .
teacher would constantly be fighting .
the cyclist is out in a desert so it is very hot .
this affects the cyclist to think about water and not bothering to think about where he is at he could be lost .
first reason is that all books and contents that a public library offers to the community should be open to everyone .
so please make sure you try to spend time with your family .
there is music and magazines too .
also my views on censorship in libraries .
i still spend time with my cousins and laugh a lot .
your going to learn a lot more on computers than having to travel places and or school .
he sat again and got another treat .
i <caps> what that is like .
censoring does not always allow the author to thoroughly convey his or her ideas as they were originally intended to .
so people wont make a big deal out of it .
that way i can learn and see characters adventures through my own eyes
lives get wasted when teenagers make choices like drinking and driving .
instead they just go pick a different read to enjoy for themselves .
he never lost patient with me .
i told her i will always be one phone call away not two but one .
what might be offensive to one person <month> interest another .
i believe that the <organization> is the most important book in the world .
i believe peoples lives have been overcome by technology .
think about any experience you have ever had with another person .
my mom then called me over as well to let me know my cousin was coming over .
and i understand how some people are more likely to be offended because of say their sexuality or ethnicity .
experts also say that <caps> is important to stay connected with your past to sustain a well being and to be happier .
she said that the composer was taking forever and her infer were on it like forever .
the cyclist ended up making it and he realized what a big effect nature can have on you .
the cyclist in this story had a rough time getting to his destination due to the setting .
most magazines that are show are for adult and teen over a certain age .
or if the material can cause problems that should not have started .
no <caps> is not true just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find people that your looking for .
mainly children use the library more than any other age .
it might just start a revolution
my next reason is that when you stay on too long you miss out on stuff like being with family .
i remember that morning i felt a sense of happiness and sadness at the same time .
as i got older it was still the same .
not only does computers allow you to communicate quickly but also privately .
all i wanted was to have someone there to make me smile and bring up my spirits .
explaining how his family loves cooking and playing music .
animals can get in the way like this snake did for the cyclist .
another example of the mood the author sets is what he thinks of his culture .
libraries have books and magazines that is for children and also for adults and even grandparents .
technology is not our enemy .
you can learn history or about the present time .
i think the addition in the parentheses make it light and airy .
he showed in the passage the warmth and love in his home .
if interested in something they will go out and seek information for it if the adult does not provide proper information to what is asked .
we all started cracking up laughing .
without computers it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily .
people have come to rely too heavily on computers .
all in all we had some really great laughs that day that were shared with my mom .
<person> and i put them over our cheer uniforms .
it is important for readers to be exposed to a broad spectrum of reading materials .
<person> was pronounced dead on the day of <date> .
we listened to the three bands we would be seeing all the way to <location> .
a fresh start with the drivers test .
i have her to thank for getting me through my tough years .
i think that all the bad books should be taken out of a library .
this seemed to be a good idea on paper but when actually attempted it was too unrealistic .
they can provide tons of information normally unobtainable .
another reason is because there is some history on many different websites .
i have always thought of that question .
this was one of the most popular places in the <location> .
i believe that it is the job of parents and other adults to teach a child morals and what is right and wrong .
we were trying to buy a new pair of jeans for me .
the mood created in this memoir is happy and warm .
the lines are long as you can see .
censorship takes away from the integrity and purity of a humans thoughts .
i was so stoked and so happy that i had passed i was mostly just surprised my <caps> advice had worked .
children learn by watching and observing .
they are there to provide all kinds of different information .
i said when we were boarding the plane .
in that time we were suppose to be dancing .
this child is not choosing to read such bad things but just so happens to stumble upon it .
she came over at around noon and we played for hours .
it hinders expression .
not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people .
the biggest problem the builders encountered was the violent air currents .
one day me and my friend <person> were at <organization> and we were in the line for the <organization> .
how would it be if everyone liked the same things .
since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs .
they can even make there own side of the libraries with just censored things for adults only .
this is my opinion expressed in words about how i feel about the whole topic .
technology provides great advancements in our world .
the ways mentally is that the cyclists can loose determination and pride if they cannot fight the journey of cycling .
when me and my family went to <location> we went for my two little brothers appointment .
we all go to the inside pool because in was way to cold outside .
it is often the ice breaker when i meet someone new and can help me get closer to the friends i already have .
the computer helps us with school .
books and music have bad language but very rarely have bad images or other things like that .
its as if it brings happiness and prosperity to my life .
the mood created by the author of this memoir was very warm and loving .
its a free country and they have they will to freedom of speech .
i have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people .
i would not like that .
they said family is people who care for one another even if they are not blood related .
thats a time where i was patient .
all they are about is chicks and of course the computer .
if books are censored than that takes away a persons right to freedom of speech .
other dirigibles moored in open fields added lead wights on the back of them so they could not move .
everyone is faced with choices in life .
the <caps> would always have junk food when <caps> was on the computer .
a <caps> might be tried of hearing about <caps> all of time and might find offensive when a girl <month> compare him to <caps> or <person> .
there are a lot of different websites you can go to that you can search for one of your family members or friends .
the winds on top of buildings were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
yet he is suffering he cant even laugh and feel joy .
hes so on the <caps> .
we witness things of that nature every day even when we are not trying to .
right in the center was the hole were the bullet struck .
when we got to <caps> we got lost because we took the wrong exit and ended up in <location> the other side of where we were supposed to be .
once your power goes out you have noting to do because you got fired all because of you computer .
the hills and rocks would make it much harder to to stay strong and be able to keep riding .
for example the lack of water was the biggest thing .
some greatly beneficial uses of laughter include relieving tension in any intense or high pressure situation as well as connecting with other people in a more meaningful way .
computers can find every answer to your questions .
parents have the right and responsibility to protect their children .
that quote directly describes what the man was feeling and how the hills effected him .
they just go with the flow .
after my <caps> yelled a bit we finally got back on the road .
most dirigibles from outside the united states used hydrogen rather than helium .
then a movie arises that is offensive and it is taken off the shelf .
censored material can have bad influences on children .
i think you have to be a patient person because when a deer comes close and you get your bow ready and then your mind makes you think like you .
when <person> and i got into the living room everybody was in the kitchen and partly in the living room .
we then took a tack in the wall and pinned a sheet to hang over the flat sheet as our walls .
no one person has the same thought that the next person does it is impossible
now everyone knows about that night and <person> accident .
people in this country have the right of speech .
also because its another source of communication .
also you <month> enjoy listening to music from your computer as you personal entertainment .
if one read now between the lives it says more than just this .
this had to be done in order for the building to be able to undergo great amounts of wind pressure and stress from the dirigible .
libraries need to take control and show they know how to present things to the public in a proper manner .
not just scent and music but life and love .
he talks about passing out and dieing .
she needs the motivation of her surroundings to push her .
where they said there would be a town it was more like a ghost town .
and nothing is better then spending your time outside .
we were going to <caps> .
but i tried to be as patient as i could .
on the way to <person> i shared with <person> how i had not had a good day so far and how i needed to be cheered up .
the empire state building is <num> ft tall .
on another note a survey shows that <percent> of children that spend time with there family and less than <num> minutes on the computer have grades higher than <num> in all classes .
computers have a positive influence on people .
a time when someone was patient was when a guy named <person> was driving and a little girl named <person> was walking on the side walk and it was a red light .
another reason why computers are a big help because you can stay in touch with friends and family .
sometimes you are just so happy that it all builds up inside and has to be let out .
this one time i went to the dentist we got there and we sat down .
while she was closing it she got her hair caught in the door .
lets just say nobody has beaten that card .
my first reason i believe computers are good to have around is .
another aspect that can affect cyclists is the heat .
we cannot control everything that people do .
therefore it should be fine to keep certain materials out of our libraries .
i am the kind of student that enjoys reading a book that interests me .
like raps <caps> and other stuff like it .
with computer you can now send a letter faster then before .
the only other access to typing is a type writer .
that is what makes freedom of speech so important to the world .
laughter makes great friendships .
computers are very important to society .
computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things .
people that have laptops can go outside on a sunny day grab some fruit and relax .
the list is endless .
the mans surroundings were what had pushed him to keep biking until he found the fish camp .
then i started to use the computer more and my coordination improved .
talk to loved ones or family members through your computer .
my opinions bring me to believe that there are two sides to this story too .
i went to find my brother i left when i do it my mothers house cried the woman .
she never complains she just keeps a smile on her face and finishes the rest of the adventures day .
another example would be that lets say your on <num> and your going to go to <location> .
if they bring up a situation then just take it off the shelves so you can stay safe and them as well .
things get under people skin to easy .
well thats a little hard to do that when its all over me .
we would spend a couple days or a week there .
and that we our funny adventure story .
this is a very simple an straight forward concept .
it will show kids that these people need help and they can be those people that help them .
they can also entertain us when we have nothing to do .
as i was running i noticed this slippery spot .
even worse then the books we read .
another reason is that his friends and family is all he got .
my family and friends looked at me and started to laugh .
the mood could also be grateful because he was grateful for many things that his parents did for him such as pass down the love of culinary .
the world has changed and books should too .
being hot was one part of the setting that affected him because he had to drink water a lot .
the setting affected the cyclist mood in the story .
<person> is waiting patient when the class is talking .
even very little kids can play games .
until i finally got my food and ate .
so day people say they have to go some were for a party or for church and need there hair cut pronto .
this was the day we would he driving through the mountains .
by not allowing kids do do whatever they want and showing some authority lets kids around the <caps> know they need to show some respect .
so we simply looked on the cinemas website .
a second problem was that the whole skeletal structure had to be changed in order for dirigibles to be able to dock .
i believe that an age limit should be set for certain types of materials .
stopping obscene literature from being in the reach of the people is stopping writers from speaking out .
news <caps> took a pull and said more than half of <location> schools are now using computers to put homework on to save paper .
he could real me at each time .
the authors mood of this story is sad .
the mood that the author was happiness .
they teach positive things for people to learn .
i have a few reasons why this is a good thing .
the first feature of the setting that affect the cyclist is the desert .
leaves and see these wide bunch of hills .
i thank one day i was in a long line at the stare .
i had just turned the <caps> off when i heard them yelling .
i believe its an advantage to use it .
it felt like i waited for nothing .
from then on i knew that <person> and i were going to have something great together .
the congregation of family and friends .
computers can help people become interested in these different topics and <month> be even inspire some people to go to these faraway places or hack different people .
they are an amazing marvel of science that greatly benefits man-kind today .
our life revolves around technology in general as the <location> revolves around the sun .
well actually i was the only one from my age group that was there on time .
when we arrived at <organization> we were both excited to get seated so we could catch up with each others lives and eat .
days and days went by as i waited for my boots .
to this day i have not drank any alcohol at all it has been a year and <num> days .
no one can say what will or wont be accepted in our society in the future .
these were a few examples of the struggles faced by the builders of the empire state building .
it also has many games that and learn our vocab words .
so much is missed because of computers .
my friends and i would not be able to show each others outfits and other items without aim .
the author chose to end it this way since the paragraph gives a lot of hope to the reader and gives the idea of a second chance .
this essay proposed solutions to this problem without taking the public reading right away from everyone
your friends are the people that you want to talk to and spend time with .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
since then i was afraid to swim .
i believe that it is unjust because the girl <month> not have had anywhere else to go to get the information about her project .
then the day after we broke up my friends came and picked me up .
after i explained my situation the teacher let me call my parents .
another way he mixed the story pleasant sounding is how he talks about his parents .
that would be a lot harder if you had to write letters .
when people try to censor things they normally just take things off of shelfs and get rid of them .
you can be alone on the computer in a dark room .
we just play his video games silently not saying a word to the other person .
a shill scream escaped my lips and i bolted for door before she could unleash her wrath upon me .
maybe you have used the computer to type information for your newspaper .
he is annoying every day but i listen to him anyway .
when the games over his mom takes us to <location> house .
the crowed roared as we entered the field .
the government should not get all the say in this series matter in hand .
the cyclist surrounds did have an affect .
the weight of the sixty pounds of wood started to get heavy as i walked from one side of the house to the other .
some of them are really calm and some of them like to laugh a lot like me .
that was my three opinion on which why computers are good effect on the society and i think that computers are really good effect on the society .
if <caps> knew that they might cause their parents to diverse they might stop playing on the computer so much .
for example in paragraph <num> it says i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice .
these criminals prey on kids .
no one has the right to .
together we would laugh until tears were streaming from our eyes and we felt the need to go to the bathroom .
the anticipation was almost too much .
there are scary books like <caps> <caps> .
your friends are dust as important as your friends they both make you laugh .
we learn so much information from all sorts of books .
my health teacher that is .
throwing paper <organization> planes and paper in the <organization> .
then again its just my opinion .
<caps> picked up the kings bishops pawn and moved it up one square .
students were making cards for <person> family .
they can tell you any thing they want because they know that thats a little fantasy world .
censorship can be used to block ones personal thoughts and opinions to promote conformism .
the author concludes the story like that to show emphasis .
the line was very and when i mean very i mean long .
we should all respect authors and what they put into their books .
especially things like computers .
the setting of a situation can affect a person both mentally and physically .
laughter has played a very important role in my relationship with my dad .
the memoir explains how proud the author was of their parents .
she is willing to give the test another try and is sure to pass it .
i took the idea of waiting this letter .
this shows that he is grateful for what he received and the mood is very joyful .
also you could find all of this info at home in one day .
i loved that sound .
at first the cyclist knows where he is and is very familiar with his location .
for <caps> had just come and had me interested the first time i saw <caps> .
one obstacle that prevented the docking of dirigibles at the empire state building was the use of hydrogen rather than helium in dirigibles from out of the united states .
most of the lines later that day were small but thats still one hour .
that is what helped him survive .
it showed that they did not think highly of women and how there purpose in life were to raise the children and that was it .
the wind was the most obvious flaw in the landing dock because of the rough wind currents at the top of the building .
eventually we got hungry and tired of swimming in the hole for a while .
to my surprise she took my gesture and ran back to hug me .
if there was the smallest spark the entire dirigible would go up in flames in a second .
they allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch .
all of the advertisements on the side of the computer screen are viruses just waiting for children to click on it unintentionally .
i do not see fault in that .
they are the perfect tolls in modern society .
ninety-five percent of people who use the computer enjoy to use it .
computers help teach hand eye coordination .
so much for taking the short way .
the cyclist thought it was hard .
<time> time the two of us felt it was time to mix everything together for the ultimate ride .
the books and magazines can give people some ideas of what they say or do and they can believe anything of what they say .
so we put on our blue <organization> ponchos and the kids were playing tag .
once when i was eight years old my mom said that she would take me to the fair that day .
we watch movie to also relax and have a good laugh every once in a while .
i apologized and explained that i was sick .
if you are at the computer for <num> hours at a time your eye-site will pay .
maybe that is some kids favorite book and when he comes in there the next day it is gone .
this gives the mood a sense of life because of all the people who have lived there .
you have an opportunity to learn about things you like .
the steel frame of the building would have to be strengthened and modified in order for the dirigible to be docked onto it .
i think that they can help people with what they need .
we went through a gorgeous river all the way to the back of the <organization> .
another reason is peoples opinions .
i walked over to her kinda amused by how upset <caps> was .
the effects it has could be significant .
the the sun was beginning to beat down .
my speech story is an example of how laughter can effect people positively .
one of these obstacles was that the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the buildings foundation .
like in the movie <location> <caps> they are beating up and killing people just because they are colored .
<caps> <caps> thats a whole new level they can have anything they really want and its a little more than <caps> <num> they kind of have a little more graphic than <caps> <num> .
but my sister was always calm and patient .
many features of the setting of the cyclists excruciating trip affect him mentally and physically .
him or herself expressing what it was like but then when something like that happened to them .
let me tell you why i picked these to obstacles .
one of the first obstacles faced was competition .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the building .
kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family .
one problem was attaching a mooring mast to the top of the building .
computers help people talk with people .
it is not good to sit on the computer .
this is because engines such as <organization> have of limits to with much information on the topic being .
thoughts of <caps> i feel as though offensive literary pieces should be able to be taken from libraries .
throughout their childhood my <caps> and her siblings tried their very best to behave and do as they were told at the dinner table .
they said that they can interact with family members who live far away .
<caps> is one reason why i think there should be censorship because some things are definitely too controversial or mature .
on the bright side we got to sit down .
the setting in the story affected the cyclist by him going through obstacles to get to town .
<caps> the wind would make the dirigible swivel around and around the mooring mast .
a common interest brought them together before i knew it .
you know when you go spent time with your family .
those victories i have to give credit to the simple human emotion of laughter .
also the computer can teach you lots of thing .
he was helping his <caps> made his birthday cake .
overall the setting had a physical and emotion effect on him .
i knew then that this was serious .
when he asked that <person> and i looked at each other and burst into laughter again .
he relates this to the flower being strong enough to survive the winter months .
so it makes it easy on adults as well .
we had been friends for a really long time .
arguing to take away the material that some like will only cause tension to rise and make matters worse .
the overall mood created by the author of this memoir is one of complete gratefulness .
i had a great friend named <person> .
it was a estimate of and hour wait .
<caps> thanks her parents for giving her the opportunity to experience a better life .
instead you should use this time to be with your friends and family .
this creates the mood of hope because his family knew that other people would do the same for them .
everyone is going to become offended in their life by the media .
you need your brain cells for school .
this is certainly a great form of technology people should have .
so the next time you are laughing with your boyfriend or girlfriend think about what you guys are benefiting from just laughing with one another .
the man then take out his phone with a video of a country singer compare their faces toward one another .
i think censorship has a lot to do with maturity levels .
it shows that <caps> it shows how he is <caps> much as close to his family as he is to the others around him .
i had only five minutes of recess but i was just happy to eat .
back when i was in about third grade i had to be really patient .
some of these books now and days need to be censored .
the dirigibles movements could not be monitored due to violent air currents at the top of the building .
for example when she failed the test she seemed distressed and very angry .
first of all computers have caused <caps> to not exercise and become unhealthy .
i thought it was going to be a scenery story but it turns out he want that prepared .
the material should be removed if they offend their gender .
i always love to make my family and friends laugh because if they smile it makes me smile .
i think that if a book can be published then it should be able to be in a library .
in every school or library many people see books that are inappropriate for their taste .
public libraries are a far different story .
if a child wants to read a book they should have every right to read that book .
allowing dirigibles to dock at the empire state building came with a lot of obstacles to make it work .
computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake .
my mom woke us up come on the rides open in about <num> min we got be there .
not everyone in the world today is going to agree on whats offensive and whats not .
this shows that he considered people around him family and not just his blood relatives .
what offends someone <month> not offend someone else .
its a good thing we brought our <caps> player so that would hold us off for about two hours .
this proves that there were <caps> with empire state building that they worked around
i took a while in there because it was so warm and soothing .
this made it unsafe .
i was wearing my <person> pajamas with a black shirt that said <caps> <caps> .
making a section for adults would help stop kids from reading adult material .
censorship in media has been around since the beginning of <organization> .
also share great laughs .
the effect computers have an people are that they help and benefit the society .
the other practical reason why dirigibles could not moor at the empire state building was an existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas .
the back of the ship would swivel around and would need lead weights to hold it down .
the author creates a mood in this memoir .
it symbolizes togetherness and coming together as a family .
the author loved his home and had great times in their .
this means that he cant collect any water to drink if he runs out .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles dock there .
there was one certain girl that was literally hanging all over him .
thats why computers have a good effect on us .
there are many people and places in the world that you still have to learn about .
once you laugh about something other people start laughing and it connects everybody together to be happy .
so our second game around and we all decided to change the rules up a little bit .
i thought <caps> was bananas .
my <caps> <date> got real stressed real fast .
that is why the author ended the story in this way .
physical health is greatly affected by laughter .
computers today are much different from computers back then .
it seems as if failing the driving test made her feel like she was going to fail in the new country .
there are several features that causes the author to dehydrate .
sometimes i have to wait an hour or <num> minutes .
the look on my mom face could never be replaced <caps> was so proud of me .
some people however argue that books are the most dangerous thing to children and young adults .
you just simply have to grab a new book .
even if you were a construction worker you could your blue prints with pinpoint accuracy .
i was patient the whole time .
thank you for taking your time reading this and i hope you do agree with me .
computers are used for everyday needs such as finding out information .
it was a night more coming true .
<caps> irritates me when people think they need to live for everyone .
i never would have though it would have been that bad because of its rating .
besides using the keyboard to chat with friends will help you in the future .
why not play a game on your computer .
it <month> be the readers .
i encouraged myself .
when everyone got into the house we all sat down in the living room sharing stories of all the old and good times that we shared .
i am one of those few people who believe that no one should have the right to remove a book simply because they find the book offensive .
another obstacle the use of hydrogen rather than helium in foreign dirigibles .
we are the <caps> and parents .
as i looked i realized it was him the big <num> .
i will <caps> fun <caps> are many many thing to do on the computer .
the features of the setting take their toll on the unfortunate cyclist .
the teacher says when the <organization> .
bird watches monthly has had a decrease in subscriptions the <date> because people are not interested in nature anymore .
for example he had to pump for minutes only to get bad tasting water .
although many people still should laugh whenever they want .
computers help us with all of our school projects and get research .
i do not believe books or any other form of art should be removed from the shelves of libraries .
the workers had to make over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications to accommodate the dirigibles .
censoring the materials on library shelves results in very little materials left .
that idea is a seed and we can either choose to water that seed and let it grow or cause it to die out .
as you can see computers effect many people in a negative way .
i sincerely hope you share my feelings about this matter .
as we were reading the book i honestly thought it was a very interesting story .
<person> is grateful that he had the parents he did .
to land on such a small roof would be difficult due to strong winds .
another obstacle being dirigibles could not moor or at the empire state building due to the existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
a lot of the old plays were very sexual and many people find them offensive today .
the game was a time for having a good time and not to sob and mope .
she was so patient she just stood their standing behind the teenagers that cut in front of her .
their was one time when we all laughed intently at my house late at <time> .
then i feel another than another .
the author wanted to impart this on the reader since it is an important lesson to know .
on our way home we stopped at <organization> and got coffee .
as he talks about his home and that his .
keeping this in mind the <caps> has to have books that appeal to everyone .
that night we went fishing on the <caps> river and we still caught nothing .
i know i would be fine with <person> .
even a rough draft they want me to type .
many people enjoy music or movies that have offensive language .
the joy of seeing them there was incredible .
these are many reasons why i think computers should be very important .
<caps> i heard beep beep i said good bye and ran out .
it would offend the person who wrote the book or made the movie .
their are many mood set by the author of this memoir .
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in many ways .
if the dirigible ever came crashing down it would kill a lot of pedestrians .
he is also grateful to his friends and neighbors it states this in paragraph three when the author says family had nothing to do with being a blood relative .
well i was very patient so i guess i could wait .
the games are also fun and non violent .
their would be a change in kids education .
empire state building stands <num> feet tall without the mooring mast at peak .
hand-eye coordination is a and in life .
but our laughter is what makes us who we are .
the greatest obstacle was nature .
we can look at todays military .
a good example would be this one class project we had to do .
all very relaxing tones .
hand eye coordination is an important and this skill is further developed by the use of computers .
it was used daily while i was growing up .
obstacles the builders of the empire state building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there was nature itself .
the last feature that affected the cyclist was all of the hills in his road .
the mood the author created in this memoir was very proud .
computers have a massive affect on some peoples life .
i wonder what hes doing now .
we both apologized and helped each other get cleaned up .
i threw a little party for myself at my house .
he brought his laptop with him so he was ask to video chat with his family .
in conclusion i really felt like i had patience and since that day forward i have sat down and let people tell me about their problems .
i noticed tears coming down all over my face .
i learn a lot that day and laugh about it now .
especially if your multi-tasking where you eat and use the computer .
so when you go to get something liquid which heats and cools faster than solids it will be hot .
to sum it all up i say take them off the shelfs .
libraries also have some offensive items in them .
everyone has a book they have read that does that to them .
some of these things will cause people to be offended without trying to be .
the weather can always be found on time web for any in the world .
there is beautiful nature outside .
it was the same tree that held my grandparents initials .
if a dirigible caught fire over the city the effects of it would be bad .
nothing stood in our way when we laughed .
movies are a whole different thing now the things that happen on the movies get away with it mostly because they have money to get away with .
they leave a positive effect on people in the community and world .
spring is an archetype of rebirth and a new life .
well the libraries just want to make money so they do not care about offensive products .
another obstacle but the builders faced was that there was an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas .
i grew fond of whatever feeling or humor i was giving off to this new kid .
in todays society kids are growing up quicker than they really have to and thats not a good thing .
a ghost town with no good water could have killed him .
new styles they make more money they make .
communication is another aspect of our lives .
i was so proud of my cousin .
i guess i just sort of lose my cool .
laughter reduces stress for both <person> and i .
computers have a positive effect on people and the society .
i have always been shy and church allows me to be social with others without reticule .
<caps> <organization> who was eager to get her book .
i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world because computers help everyone in their education .
now on to more about why .
thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show .
i agree with <person> and say that computers are good use in society today .
we were in the room playing this game called metal of honor it is kinda like a war game but with lots of gun we kinda had the t .
said that <caps> are a great tool when used properly this includes looking up new places math .
when i was at cedar point i had a lot of patience .
the story was almost finished and our five year old attention spans were wearing thin and we were getting all excited .
this is why she concluded the story with a vow .
they found that they could not just drop a mooring mast on top of the building at a thousand feet .
he has none of that in the desert .
another factor that the builders face was that the winds were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
you should keep it on the shelf for the people who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what its all about .
of course they all thanked us for our patience and once the passport were stamped we were on our way to the next flight .
this is a time i was patient .
that was the time is was patient .
in this show there is warning label stating only be seen to children <num> and older .
i grasped for the anger that was slipping from my hands .
computers take away too much to be spending so much time on .
the most important reason is safety .
so the mood of this story at the author seems to be proud .
libraries are meant to provide information anyways .
grade you a <caps> .
when there at that age in there life so there going to find out some how or another .
the memoir really expressed how much he admired his parents and community .
this was clearly considered unsafe .
many women that <caps> starve themselves every day just to maintain the healthy weight which is <num> pounds and you can see every rib in her body .
the mood created by the author is very welcoming .
my life was pretty awesome right now .
they gave up a lot and he recognize that .
if you have you are aware that there are some ideas in this book that bring up many controversies .
as i see it no one is forcing them to read it .
i am a person with barely any patience at all .
in front of our boy neighbor .
this is one reason why libraries are so popular among all people .
we all waited tentatively as he chomped down on the moist bun and swallowed .
people are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising .
another obstacle was an already existing law that prohibited dirigibles from flying low over urban areas .
i personally had an experience where laughter was all i could look to in order for me to feel like everything was okay .
the builders of the empire state building faced many obstacles in their attempt to allow dirigibles to dock there .
later i found that the book was incredibly offensive .
there were speakers on both sides of my head that i had not noticed until the moment sound began to come out of them .
most magazine are known for entertainment and update on well known people around the globe .
it is used in classrooms everywhere around the country for education .
having a friendship with someone is one of the best feelings .
a time i was patient was when me and my mom and dad and my big brother were going <caps> <caps> .
so now you now where i stand on the issue of computers .
com and find it in a split second .
most of us use to just know each other and not really were friends and never talked at all but now we all do .
these are the obstacles the builders of the empire state building <organization> in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there .
one obstacle that was faced was the buildings foundation .
money was one of the big issues the builders faced .
you can reconnect with distant relatives and old friends .
on a computer communication is made easier .
some people who finds things offensive are maybe looking at it in the wrong way .
they want there kids to learn about what they are reading .
i knew <caps> they were about to tell me .
one year i went on vacation to <location> .
or modern day without taking a step out of your house .
also because the obesity percentage rate is advancing up really high .
that is why i agree with computers give you benefits .
we have been through many fights but every time i think about that day in the locker room i cant help but to laugh .
i have been a patient man in my life .
all of those reasons explains that the settings affect the cyclist in many ways .
new modifications were only used to support the blimp itself and not other factors like nature winds .
i think all these things affect him .
what i was waiting for was the <caps> <date> for <caps> to start .
if you disagree with the book or whatever it <month> be you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay any attention to it .
the authors parents let people stay in their home so that they could get back on their feet .
a while back my mom had decided to send me to <date> camp .
it could maybe mean that you want to learn about it so you can understand it more .
getting rid of a material can lose someone information about whatever they are researching .
the mood of this memoir is <caps> .
communities have many different types of people that live in them .
another obstacle the builders faced was nature .
this is another reason why i think computers are a good thing .
<caps> <caps> and <caps> mom were both getting irritated i kept waiting and staying positive .
one obstacle was that countries other than the united states used hydrogen rather than helium .
so the parents should leave it on the shelf and prevent their own kids from reading it and let the other parents worry about their own kids .
just recently i read the book <caps> <caps> .
eliminating material from the shelves would be unfair to people .
i hope you chose to inform others with this information .
the twenty minutes we had for warm ups seemed to last no longer than two minutes .
so i got my fishing poles ready packed my <caps> and went to sleep so i could get up early .
once they put something out there they cannot take it away .
they noticed after the masts construction that it could have been a tragedy to have a dirigible go in flames above the densely populated city .
like learning about far away places and people .
we had to wait a while for her neighbors to stop looking around trying to figure out who was telling them to be quiet .
advances in technology improve society and the over all way of life around the globe .
thats what i think about people trying to take the books off the shelf .
smell the trash dance of grass and the morning fog .
if that same accident were to happen over the densely populated area of new <caps> it would be a catastrophe .
the i got in for <num> minutes in the <date> .
we get up to the front and i turn in the bad magazine that <caps> had found .
it also starts to get hotter and he gets thirsty more often .
also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store .
the apparent mood in this story was love and the family had much of it .
they will only go somewhere else and do it .
she was very against getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students .
we have been planning this or weeks it was finally the day of get to go over <caps> .
when you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around .
all these thing can be reversed .
personally i have been able to talk and see my family who live overseas through the advanced technology on computers .
its impossible to type an essay without a computer .
personally listening to music makes me concentrate better and keeps me on coarse to get my work done .
i have come to realize that their purpose for going to this community loving place is to find peace and quiet .
i believe that laughter is an important part of us because it shows people around you the way you are and how you express your self on things .
i asked my mom if we can go home she said no .
i was with my grandma when the story happened .
this is a short glance of my childhood .
when they are not busy they should go upstairs and check and see if there are any young children up there .
my views on censorship in libraries are alike in many different ways .
take abortion into perspective .
i strongly suggest you look over my terms .
what our generation has yet to realize is that we need that patience to get good jobs and get nice amounts of money .
it creates barriers for those who want to learn and it takes away peoples freedom to make decisions for themselves .
when it was just me <caps> you <caps> one of us would do something <caps> neither of us could stop the laughter .
when u go places there will alway be something that one wont like not everyone likes everything .
people would be to similar and have little to no differences to themselves from others .
it reminds her of her home and her past so it plays an important role .
it was unsafe for both passengers of the dirigible and pedestrians below to be close to the blimp and the turbulent air .
it <month> be in favor of something or it <month> not be .
thank you for taking the time to read this
it is where i learned the real definition of family .
my suggestion to you is to remove these offensive books .
<person> and i both got a light-bulb above our heads and suddenly looked up at each other with the same idea .
studies show they would be more than likely to leave you .
the terrain kept changing making it hard for him not to be thirsty .
about <num> minutes later my mom hung up her phone .
but taking these books off the shelves means no one will see them .
the idea of taking a book off the shelf is a bad because people want to read books like that .
say its not good for you i hope you liked my prompt so it can go in the newspaper .
another reason is because of nature .
you could smell it to .
that means he thanks his parents for all the hard work they did .
<caps> stared at him .
the winds at the top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents .
they sacrificed their needs and wants for their children .
libraries are great use for that .
the <caps> is a place were you can come and whine your day down .
but i wont say which one .
computers keep lots of kids of the streets instead of being out and causing trouble .
that is non patience when you get mad becomes you cant get what you want .
do something else than be on .
instead of becoming the transportation of the future the idea had disappeared .
after about <caps> minutes she called us in to a medical room .
we learn information about the world and about what is going on .
my conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still .
so else how bad the computer is .
the final obstacle for the builders was to keep the dirigible safe in the air .
being on line sitting down doing nothing just talking makes you lazy .
i would have to look harder .
instead kids are sitting in front of computer screens on their virtual games and emails and such .
once he reached the final place it was a more occupied setting .
the features of the setting taunt the cyclist with cruel irony .
just pick a book that has a theme you like .
computers are one of the best things that has ever been made .
if you had a video on the news you want to keep it .
she waited well she did her hair i complained that is a reason why patience is important .
this law made it illegal for the blimp to even approach the building .
and one time we got stuck so that slowed us down about a hour our .
if kids would want to rent a movie then they would have to have a permission slip signed by their parents and returned .
the author was grateful that the chance to growing up in the <location> .
so this is why i think computers are a good thing .
the reason why i believe they should not be removed because everybody is equal and not everybody likes to read the same books .
for a second we lost our grandparents car .
by far the best thing ahead the computer is the fact that many teachers use them to teach with and show videos .
sometimes they have to choose between <caps> <num> and <caps> <caps> it depends on how graphic things are .
he saw a huge rattle snake and tumbleweed .
there were many different moods throughout the passage .
there are so many good websites that you can go on like <organization> .
you can look up stuff on the <caps> for your homework and other stuff .
they could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey .
it gave me a feeling of perseverance and to not stop striving for what you believe in .
the whole trip is <num> hrs but by doing all that it seems to be more like <num> or <num> hrs .
the still frame of the building would have to be modified and strengthened to withstand the stress of the dirigibles load and wind pressure .
all of which make the qualities of a good family life .
the author think that the setting means he is not getting any closer to his destination .
when we saw her we could not help but laugh .
the first thing that affects him is the heat .
i think they should not remove these things from the shelves .
high and <caps> students are going to hear .
first the setting at the middle of the story was empty and no place to get water .
they can make the choice by the way they have been raised or just because that is what they think is right or wrong .
as he continued following the old mens out dated advice .
i took a deep breath and i realized i was feeling what patient must feel like .
