i soon found out yes, they were.
i know so many people who use computers instead of doing homework and getting fresh air.
also, online you new people or make as many new friends.
whether you are keeping in touch with friends or organizing business meetings computer offer a large amount of aid.
nothing that a teenager or an adult would want to read.
technology can teach people things that they do not even know they could do.
computers are a source of vast knowledge from millions of sources.
almost everyone that has a computer and is addicted to it has glasses.
libraries should sensor certain things and not allow students below high school to read them.
i think many parents would agree with my opinion and stand by it.
kids use the computer in order to do their history projects.
they help bring people together, provide entertainment and have very useful information.
she sees it as being indomitable, renewing and beautiful.
my final conclusion is that it depends on how mature you are and if you think your ready.
we are the and parents.
after he had came back over to where i was sitting, i had told him that she was right.
also it shows how the in the other places are and how people have in deal with all of that.
there are plenty of dangers out there in .
some experts are concerned about people using computers and not enjoying nature and going outside.
so that made matters bad.
children specially the younger ones like her very much.
some offensive things are part of and shows how things progressed from back then to now.
just because one person finds something offensive does not mean the next person that comes in will.
he starts off his journey with the advice of a short cut from old men.
that is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills.
would you go looking for a new book?
so when you back a vacation on the internet you know it will be a good one.
because there is no logical reason for not to have a vote on what affects them.
we cannot control everything that people do.
you could go on the internet.
letters take forever to write and if you mess up you have to start over.
this makes the author need more water than he normally would.
if a book offends a person, that person simply should not read it.
although tolstoy was born an aristocrat he disliked the snobbish behavior of the aristocratic society.
open your laptop for easy translation.
flat roads, hills, building - all are settings that affected the cyclist.
and always remember what the is.
it is also a great source of distance teaching and collage transmissions.
the author probably ends the story like that because it creates a sense of hope and wonder.
if they would have taken them off the shelf because they were not appropriate then i know plenty more novels that would be gone as well.
these are some reason why i think we all need computer.
why do we have books out there that are viewed as offensive?
i would give due place to co-curricular activities.
if they took books like that away, what would the people that like them do?
most people think that computers are beneficial because you can find cool information.
surf the real waves next the artificial ones dudes!
she also mentions the geese for the same reason, but in a different way.
multiple people do have to use computers for multiple things.
dear newspaper editor, i think that computers are for everyone.
not only did he have to through tough weather but hazardous condition too.
for example, if you work as a lawyer, you need a computer to type your documents up.
therefore i say the mood of the author in this memoir is happy, grateful.
there was no sign of civilization what so ever.
i hope you agree with me.
computers can also help people communicate with each other.
if a mute person wants to get a point out, they should be able to do so by writing.
the foods eaten there and what the weather is like.
if we hear about something wrong in our world today, we need to act.
respectable and an example to others.
jim also get his freedom with finn’s help.
the reason i want to ask that is because they should be doing that everyday.
there was no water to be found and the terrain is were rough and bumpy.
computers help us expand our knowledge all the time.
another thing is that you can do much more with out being on the computer all day long.
it would empty.
computers are very helpful and they are easy to use.
if you think that amazing then read this.
the people who spend their day on the computer need to change.
though these are all valid opinions, they are not enough to automatically think that it is okay to throw it off the shelves.
why i think we should have computers.
i really consider leaving computers to what they do best, helping humans.
now on to more about how computer are good to society.
it is a very communist thing to do.
she uses this plant as a tool for comfort to help her think about when she is from and all the good memories to help raise her spirits higher.
that is a problem that the one person or group of people will have to live with.
but of this will happen if you stay on your computer .
yes you can see pictures of nature on the computer, but those are just a bunch of pixels mushed together.
the practice of censorship is what should truly be banned from the shelves.
these books should not be aloud to be checked out by kids under the age of unless their parent or guardian allows them to.
i think it should be anybody business than the person checking it out.
right now, they are doing a good job with censoring everything such as putting a rating on video games, and movies.
in this story it has a overall theme that everything will get better with time.
all they had to do was to take him to the place to sign up & show that.
it will be sad if you throw your life away just because of a computers.
that is why computers are so helpful and people just love them.
you can call your friend up and have them come over your house instead.
expressing what you think about a certain topic.
they will most certainly destroy you, readers.
when the author described his home, it gave a feeling of warmth and it was very welcoming.
they would have never had the chance to make their own opinions.
they brought love to all people.
they are all offensive because they talk about bad stuff and doing bad stuff or talk about how they live their lives.
fake and bogus writings is a small problem to readers, and writers.
many books have posed a great educational source for many years.
no one would be able to read and no one would be able to express themselves freely.
after all, the materials they see, read, or listen to is for their own benefit, their own learning, and for their own entertainment.
offensive materials should not be removed from shelves.
if you buy a computer your life would be more relaxing.
while my mother was fine with me watching the movie, some of the other kids were not allowed to because their parents did not find the movie appropriate.
i do believe that materials on any subject should reflect how people see the world now.
to many people other than myself, would agree with that.
radio stations play songs that talk about sex, drugs and violence but i believe that kids need to be associated with these things.
however, once again it was very misleading
on the internet people can find information about faraway places or people.
in magazines; it depends on the type of magazine the consumer is reading.
censorship can include anything from photos, to language, to news reports.
the bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal.
the author put the paragraph at the end to show that if the hibiscus can come back, after winter, so can the girl.
exercising helps you grow.
lastly, the internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students.
her plant was like a representation of a new beginning.
in libraries should remain the same as it is now.
nowadays there are social networking sites, like , , and , that gives people the chance to contact a family or friend that lives far away.
it is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate.
some things that affected the cyclist was the terrain changing into a flat road that was replace by short, rolling hills.
computers build up your skills for everything.
without computers this would will be nothing.
the hibiscus reminded her of her grandmother.
says a local mother as she talks about a computer game.
he hit a bump and swallowed the stone.
does a book become inappropriate because a teen girl becomes pregnant within the pages?
out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy.
i think there is also an issue with computers.
if you think about it, there is a law called freedom of speech.
setting a book on a shelf with offensive language does not cause harm to anyone.
what you can even do is you can talk to your friends, listen to music, and do homework.
censorship in libraries results in more problems than solutions.
the weather was not and the cyclist was running out of water.
there are websites where students who were out from school can get their assignments for the next day.
from this snippet, i can tell that the author was grateful for learning the true meaning of family.
censorship is trying to shield us from the ugliness of this world.
it makes you think of your own family.
when people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff.
new music sometimes contains lewd or inappropriate lyrics that have no place in the library.
the people that believe something should be censored or hidden could have completely different opinions from others.
most the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies.
i told you what i thought should go on in the library.
well, this pattern has been going on for years.
if your teacher gave you a last minute writing essay on that was do in a week, what would you do?
at this point in the story the cyclist has exchanged his positive mood for a desperate one as his water begins to run out.
in result of this i notice that my brother does not obey, or treat my mother with the respect as he should.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist in a negative way.
the question is, should we limit or rule out certain subjects in libraries?
i got news for you.
i enjoyed it.
computers are great because they allow you to talk online.
it is emotional because the care and love for each other.
the first reason i thing that libraries should be censored is because of the children that go there.
is inappropriate to one person could be deemed viewable to another.
take my friend she was online one day when a man started to talk to her.
so, as i ask again, what be offensive in libraries?
one example from the book would be when they kill some of the children.
but why do some people not hire them?
i have had personal experience with these kinds of problems.
but last sunday was different.
the cyclists determination went down as long as he was riding.
you should keep reading essay because i am going to tell you good reasons why i benefit people using computers.
finally, from what you experienced.
these are reason why the society should take back the computer.
he even made the story teach you a lesson about hard work and the importance of family and giving to others.
your going to stay there and burn your eyes out from looking at a screen all day.
things like this still go on, and the rate at which they happen are in creasing.
books teach kids things everyday, books give children imagination.
plus, many things that are offensive often remind of of who we are.
whole generations of books, music, etc.
there would be no rented movie stores, theaters, or success in the movie production industry.
if we took out certain books, and music from the library, it would defeat the purpose of calling it the public library.
its up too the too know whats good for them.
why should the consumers not have the same right to choose what they expose themselves to?
if i had it my way, the would not exist.
you could do stuff like play catch with the dogs walk the dog, and (or) play over a friends house.
kids are now staying up later on the compute, in turn lowering grades.
computers can also have an impact with your vision.
its pretty much a desert.
the road made traveling even harder to do and caused the cyclist to have a very rough time.
the setting also affected him by draining his confidence and making him seek out water.
another reason as to why computers are so helpful to society is that they are tools that help us to keep in touch with others.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps make learning about other countries easier.
about the future and teach us how life is as an adult and ready us for the real world.
obviously, however, there are certain exceptions.
stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from your work, and go outside.
in fact, computers are so useful, some schools are starting to notice.
while your on the computer wasting time there is another homeless child wandering maybe looking for their family.
the same can be said for merry scenery too.
therefore i think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize.
in this kind of setting you can run into dangerous creatures.
he is in school from to :pm and as he gets home he heads straight for his computer.
parents should check out what stuff their kids are looking at when they go to the library.
for example an online game can let you chat make friends,
but mostly, the author was grateful.
she seems to be very close with nature and all of its desirable traits.
everyone is supposed to get at least minutes of activity daily, but no one ever spends that much time working out.
i believe that people who spend all their time on the computer will eventually get overweight.
we bought tickets and entered the exhibition grounds.
i believe that people should be more aware of the time they are in the computers.
but really the kids wont remember half of what they read or see so does it really matter?
the internet can be a very good source for students.
some of the movies that a kid can get at a library has the actors doing illegal things in it.
many people need time to think about what is happening in their life and they cannot do this our internet.
when you take away materials that some people use to learn, you take away their ability to learn.
in the , there is freedom of speech and people should be able to say what they want to say.
if you are a person who is always on the computer, plan a get together with your friend to talk in real life.
the author concludes the story with this passage because she is using the hibiscus as an example of survival.
she feels down but the hibiscus reminds her of being back home.
so i think it just depends on what kind of stuff people like, everyone likes something different.
many argue that computers provide quick easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation.
if i could tell you what it must feel like to be a couch potato i would but i never go on the computer unless it is for homework.
another thing that affected him because of the setting was that the desert had rocky roads and windy paths because he followed the old mans direction.
libraries are a place for learning and work.
they cause addiction, which end up taking over peoples lives.
if people are always playing games the computers then when they go out for a jag.
they have to join the other queue and are again at the fag end.
this happens quite often, and i end up staying awake until around .
some people do not love in an area where they can connect with family by a simple call or a drive.
instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone that could be miles away.
you just have to know when enough is enough.
books help people escape the harsh world we live in, or help them gain more knowledge.
also, taking the test in the spring symbolizes starting over, when everything is new, and she has overcome her winter.
it not be the best choice because movies rated let the audience know its for a mature audience over the age of .
the mans surroundings were what had pushed him to keep biking until he found the fish camp.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
in the progress the computer has put over of single people and expressing the relationship.
kids should not be allowed to view that detail until they are ready for it.
i have aunts that i cannot live without who are strong base who i cant live without talking to for a day.
we all know that not everything is okay for certain age groups to read, see, or listen to.
it just depends on the subject is about and how inappropriate it is.
some say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time their family.
reading books is what opened my eyes to what life is really like.
suddenly i felt that i was in the fairyland.
other people will allow this chance too.
now for the big question: should material some find offensive be removed from the shelves all together?
a reason why i think books that are found offensive should not be censored is because what seems offensive to one person, not be offensive to another.
sometimes we get project spend most of them involve research!
did you know that of people on dating, sites set ?
here is my conclusion.
however, personally i feel that this constant usage of computers has a negative impact on people.
if you feel that they are reading, listening, or watching something that you feel is in appropriate, ask questions.
this means that you have to practice more to get better in typing.
he was worn out because the setting was so intense.
what we can do is all those that refuse to go outside to do so.
i have known who have been censored all there life, and when they learn about all they cant even handle .
not everyone in your is always around you and when someone is faraway a computer is the way to connect.
books are essential part of life.
it is the first thing that we look for every morning.
the author sets the mood of love for his culture and his family within their community.
sometimes they get more than the persons who earn their living by doing hard work for long hours.
everyone has there own way of writing and there own imagination.
suddenly it started raining.
this is said ??
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
can make a change.
when a train arrives, there is a lot of noise and confusion.
well you can!
all the features of the environment through which the cyclist is riding affect him greatly.
why do people find it necessary to do things like that?
i myself have family in , which is a whole continent away!
while walking around the zoo, i saw boards which warned us not to feed the animals.
learning about people will help you make friends to.
a third reason i feel that computers are beneficial to society is because you can order a product over the internet form shop websites.
let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world.
another reason is that people argue it teaches hand eye coordination, well so does sports and just playing.
dear newspaper, computers does have some cons but they also have a lot of pros.
in this memoir the mood would most likely be happy and loving.
people in can talk with people in .
next, some material in the library contain certain things that offend random people.
this all happened because he listened to the old guys.
just another useful effect on people.
because i only enjoy reading about the romance.
they help people in any number of ways.
the water pump there has the flavor of battery acid.
we all enjoy it, but have different versions that we enjoy.
if you hear someones music, and it sounds completely awful to you, then just walk away or listen to your own music.
in no way, shape, or form is this morally correct.
they all have different look and ideas.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
but now their could be a lot more depress.
for example, toddlers and children can use programs such as ().
it has a charm of its own.
for example, one day a few of family friends come over we were eating dinner.
has no long tail.
( ) these were the moods the author expressed in the memoir.
from the experience that i have had with books that cause controversy, i have noticed myself not liking the book.
and that the end of your world comes when you make it so.
by being able to search anything, help children with homework, and pass the time if you have nothing to do.
in a way it is but it is taking away social skills that we will need later on.
so many kids could check things like that out, and not even know what it actually is!
the talks about his parents immigrated to so that he can have a better education.
people need to enjoy nature and spend time with family and friends.
if a person finds the material too offensive to read, then they should simply stop and find a more suitable work.
they are having a positive effect on people.
in the story, a cyclist needs to get to park.
these are all things you would not like your children to use, see, or do.
we have today the great epics in the form of scriptures and literature.
just saying the words drug or alcohol are not bad.
at my local library, their is a section that has the more offensive or obscene books all in one place.
this shows the setting affected him in a negative way, in the story heat was a major part of the setting that affected the character.
after all who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare yourself for life?
this contributes to the cyclist nagging sensation for a drink of water.
vendors shout their wares at the top of their voices.
reading, using computers, working at a table.
the breeze of the wind had a positive affect because it helped to cool him down.
because the have a person there looking for they have the computer to look on.
a philosophic approach towards life will cultivate through prayer.
being on the computer all the time gives less time of exercising, no sight of enjoying nature, and gives less time of interacting with family and friends.
other material that could be offensive could not only be to children, it could be offensive to different races or cultures as well.
healthy, grateful, and diplomatic, we are slowly losing important.
i believe the current way materials are censored and removed works, and should continue.
what you look and keep the little kid with you in the house.
i believe this because other people be interested in it, we need information from the resources in the libraries, and all books make people more intelligent.
this basically means i can say what ever i want and support whatever i want.
it is never the parents fault.
because some books and movies are bad to show little kids.
lastly, health issues are raising rapidly!
thank you for your time, ,
i strongly believe that these computers are badly affecting us.
everyday, the teachers would give an update over his computer.
do you count a certain work of fiction offensive because contains one curse word in the whole book?
we also use milk to make yogurt, cheese, cream, and chocolates.
by removing the source of all these troubles, those acts can be prevented and society begin to the pain for reform.
they are as important as the heart.
next, the web is also used for keeping in contact.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she wants to end the story with hope.
was put in the story for a reason.
they are aloud to voice their own opinions and write about the subject matter that they are most interested in.
there are several things that explain why i think this.
first and foremost, computers allow people to talk to friends and family.
this brings me to my conclusion.
this gives off a very happy and cheerful mood.
where as the people that do not want the censorship in libraries do not have to be around .
i do not think that they will take the books off of the shelf because of it being offensive.
eventually, his water supply began to run low, which increased his determination to find the next town before he collapsed.
(made by ) claims to be the most popular ( online ) on the web.
also, for adults, they can take care of some finances and bills online and some taxes.
a camel is a very useful animal.
during the april holiday, our family went on a trip to hond-kong.
movies can teach a lot about different countries, and books do a wonderful job as well.
they include things now that show a lot of violence and intimacy; which not be fit for some people.
about of all picture on the internet are true.
overall the setting had a physical and emotion effect on him.
have you ever been in your house on a rainy day just sitting around bored because there is nothing on ?
the common people should have the liberty to check out what ever they please.
throughout the library, there are many books dealing with past historic events.
for example; in the text it says that he staggered into the store.
go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family.
if interested in something they will go out and seek information for it if the adult does not provide proper information to what is asked.
you can explore nature on the computer.
now you know why computers help people develop better hand eye coordination.
but surfing the web for countless hours is their choice.
i walk barefoot on the grass.
most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health.
from the regime of to the banning of in the empire.
i hope that you will take these reasons to heart.
he held the boy tight and swam to safety.
i do not believe there should be censorship in our libraries.
whether those reasons are for education or for recreation, the libraries have reasons for them.
about of the kids at our school wear glasses because of using the computer for to long.
the person checking the book out should make the final decision if they think the book they have selected is right for them.
his parents put love, unity, kindness and happiness in their home.
they should be able to go to school, and not worry about the book that they grab at the library.
why pay too much money for spending much time in the computer, when you can turn off the computer and spend some time with your friends.
the author most likely uses this paragraph to show her setting a goal for the cycle to start over.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
it because of the pines that caused the road, and the cool feel of the river.
in conclusion, computers are a necessity to our living.
after the first chapter i had wondered who who call this a children book.
when the terrain started to change from flat road to rolling hills the cyclist pushed himself even harder to get to his destination.
first off, computers can cause major obesity like it has done already.
do not take the books off the shelf, maybe one day it will signify what the world used to be
when i grow up and soon get out of high i want to travel all over the world.
by censoring something as small as books, movies, and so on i think it will give people a fake sense of what really happens.
these are what you can use to talk to your friends at school.
in every book you pick up today, you could look through it and find a offensive language or offensive gestures in it.
do you remember school projects sitting down bored and watching your stations or sitting in the doctors office waiting bored out of your mind?
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
as long as okay to watch or lesson to.
along with that, they have online books, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework.
within the library, there are sections specifically just for children.
websites can be a way to find computer time.
nature is a beautiful thing.
this saves the biker progress and most likely scared him.
in this case, the authors message was to never give up and that people find motivation in simple things.
to me that is a heartwarming mood.
every day in the morning i clean and oil it.
this quote describes the feelings the cyclist has towards the old men.
my first reason i believe computers are good to have around is.
the police took a long time to find her after she had been kidnapped, because the person who kidnapped her hid the evidence by a chain of blackmails.
when you are on a team and exercising you will learn life skills.
in conclusion all these elements of the desert affect the cyclist in some way.
i think having a variety of topics will help expand different thoughts and make the readers of the material see things in a different way.
when her mother says this, she feels that she has let her mother down.
my mother is a teacher.
the story is about overcoming obstacles and adjusting to change.
i go to the park.
magazine companies put revealing pictures of people on the front cover to catch someones attention.
offending things in books well the author probably has a reason for it.
computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people.
i obviously think that censorship is a good thing.
he once went by a big snake that he cautiously had to ride around.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because it is to hot.
they make rules just to display their power over students, and take away many of their rights.
these computers can even improve your mood.
computers internet access, our business would crumble, then the economy would follow.
and become skinny with no worries.
having a computer will give kids the action to sit around and do nothing.
we would be nowhere.
traveling on footboards is very common.
many jobs involve the usage of a computer mastering how to use the computer before.
after reading this essay i hope you will agree with my position.
in conclusion, many times it is necessary for an author to use words or descriptions that are offensive to many.
that is the question.
here at we have over computers in use throughout the school day.
one of the reasons is that the computer has bad things online like kidnaps.
offensive is a relative word.
please continue on to learn about how we should use the computer.
also , reading is one of those things that we differ with each other.
in conclusion, computers are wonderful machines.
many features of the story effected the mood of the story.
this shows that the girl is adapting to her new country and hopes to do better in the spring.
this is useful for families who life a good distance from each other.
he has one son and one daughter.
dear local newspaper, more and more people are using computers there days.
whether your at your house, or on the go with your laptop, you can talk to people all over the world.
the i think that is because when your computer crashes or breaks you would most likely know what to do to fix it.
not read or listen to things that can hurt someones' inner feelings
they have the right and no one can take that right away from them.
music has become a way for people to express them selves.
why banned some materials from everyone?
my first reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives people the ability to learn from faraway places.
items are only offensive to certain people.
some people do not agree with most things, but that is something they will have to face, because not everyone can be happy
dear editor, i have heard that some experts are saying that spend too much time online.
this truth being stated, censorship in libraries should be stopped before every book is gone.
the computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home.
plus, computers offer more learning opportunities.
books should not be censored, if a person does not think the book is appropriate, then they do not have to read it.
whether teens, kids, or adults are gaming, on websites or typing essays people around the world spend way too much time on their computers.
these can all help you find answers, pictures, videos and many more!
it helps use make are family stronger, help us keep are flight out and help us get homework, for school the next day.
another reason is that you can have more time being around family and friends.
the chances seem bleak.
i would be mad if i came to the library to listen to music and someone had removed them from the computer.
also you have a problem they will help you out.
every book removed from the shelves is another learning experience taken away.
that is to help you spell the words out correctly.
you could play talk to people like your friends.
they are an advance in technology, and they have some positive effects.
not to mention, it would bring people closer to one another.
school work is a very important thing in teenagers lives, and i feel that when they are in school they should stay focused on schoolwork and activities.
it definitely benefits society.
these glitches in the setting affected the cyclist because it was extremely hot, he was running out of water and there was rough terrain.
and lastly, the last sentence of the last paragraph gave the sense of them took a house and turned it into a home would be comforting.
also some of the music that is on shelf should be remove from all store.
the mood in the memoir is happy and thankful.
books can be offensive sometimes it just depends on the writer.
a conducting experiment that are rigged.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist.
even when i was young, we were taught no cussing aloud, and yet you see this all the time in books.
com, if that was have gotten a zero on the homework.
the censorship that i am discussing is specifically about censorship in libraries.
this is only one of the reasons why i agree with the use of computers.
one movie, specifically, created conflict.
the best thing to do is ignore it and walk away.
i think they need to be removed from shelves or put away.
these kids fare such strong mental and emotional harm that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and in school.
caring about nature and your loved ones is such a great thing.
i have read some books outside of my school library that i think should not be found on a library shelf.
violence is an act of the beast.
some materials found in libraries that be offensive to one person not be offensive to others.
patrons should not be shielded from these occurrences.
they welcomed visitors.
offensive material should be removed from libraries.
what is censorship?
so fight for the right to stop the addiction internet use and live a great life.
the music and movie section should stay in libraries.
they do this hundreds of a day.
this should be a high priced reason for agreement!
i have noticed my hand get neater and i can catch a balls with ease now.
the only way my family can keep in touch with them not spending money is email.
total censorship is bad.
magazines can have girls with not much clothes on or other things that make boys minds wander.
everyone needs exercise.
so, in my opinion, i think people should get technology, and the real world.
i have a hard time understanding why they do that but i guess they feel they have nothing else better to do.
this could cause a number of entertainment forms to be eliminated.
the store can not take the books off the shelf if one person is offended by the book.
what is the mood, created by the author in the memoir?
the black and white ' ' sticker.
they help students learn more and could possibly help you start your own business from your home.
especially in the you should be outside enjoying nature go for a swim or bring your annoying little siblings to the park.
but not only do people become overweight, they will end up more and more distant from family and friends.
that is what the mood of this memoir was, and in whom created it.
some were reading newspapers.
i would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas.
if a book is offensive, first decide what kind of audience it would be offensive to.
it was about the .
dear newspaper, i read an article in the paper debating whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
if you are addicted to other websites stop because you will crash you computer with one click of your mouse.
the author looks back on all the good times had as a kid.
you see many residents just dying to go to foreign countries but have no money.
also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by.
if somebody switched that word it could lead to it happening again.
it is a gift of the nature.
getting tired and lazy is a negative use of the computer.
corrupt censorship occur when censorship decides to remove or block; showing certain media or readable content all pertains to the creator.
a library helps many people of all ages be able to choose whatever they are interested in.
not just about family and friends, but the world too.
lastly, the rough road affected the cyclist.
third, you can learn new exercise, moves or tricks.
secondly, i disagree with the removal of these type of materials because libraries could always make a separate section.
the author also shows how close their family is.
parents today are not as in sync with what their children do as they were in recent years.
it shows that you have to be thankful for the sacrifices people make for you.
also, when he says, the ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement.
this was a really good way to end the story, because it sets a positive vibe.
in the beginning she refers to her new home as, walking into another world.
so now i leave it in the hands of you whether or not to take the challenge.
this number is greatly increasing due to poor education opportunities, lack of interest in education, and lack of resources in the .
my suggestion to you is to remove these offensive books.
some people think that kind of thing is funny, but to others it bother them.
this will help us all because we want to learn about new things, talk to new people and see new places.
movies tell different stories such as life stories.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
but i guess everyone forgot about that.
and were you can buy the crap to make them!
just because a majority does not like the topic of the work does not mean that the minority should have the book taken away from them.
she still talks to the people in high school, but she mostly talks to her older sister.
though this is true, it certainly does not mean you can take that media away from those who enjoy it.
books did not always give you the information you needed whatever was written was all you got.
he also thanks them for his childhood.
when springs set in, flowers burst into bloom and the earth seems to be smiling.
a good form of education is the exposure to different types of material.
we need to be able to ask someone a quick question.
there are many verses and songs written about their beauty an innocence.
the cyclist in the story is or man with a strong will.
taking them off our shelves will only make us a nicer community, yea i know what your thinking, why not do that?
please keep reading to hear my ideas.
my second reason computers have affect on people is because it allows people to talk online with other people whenever they want.
tons of students in have projects everyday and they got to be on the computer to look up their information.
at the end when the setting is bright so is his mood.
this, however, does not mean that it should be removed from shelves.
it is cool and breezy.
if you wanted to help out a country that just had an earthquake or hurricane you could look up what you could do to help that country.
my last reason go on the computer your viruses connected to it.
to watch the geese return.
i for one completely agree with this quote.
people in the community have rights to read, hear or watch witch ever type of material they like.
the only man to live a perfect life was and was in a human body.
is someone a trip to a country that they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working.
there are many shops where shopkeepers sit inside with their
in addition, censoring is the correct thing to do.
empty shelves would be a horrible look.
children can learn rude or nasty things that their parents might not find alright for their child.
right now people should be proud to be who they are and not scared of things like that.
everyone is offended by something.
loss of eyesight is just one of the negative impacts computers have in our health.
this in turn makes the world illiterate.
hills took a lot out of him and he was now on a highway.
if those kinds of movies were not there in the first place, his parents would not of had to worry about it.
some media and literature has passed this point and it should not be allowed on shelves.
the only way i would say take books or magazines off the shelves is if the facts are not right.
the author concludes the ending statement to show that she will not stop trying to achieve her goal.
i have observed people, and were all different so why should our thoughts be to?
games be fun, but they teach us skills too.
young or the section is for mainly the teens.
there are many websites that have games you can play.
even more of the knowledge to be learned is being stripped away and cut down by censorship.
email is something that there are so many new ides.
no, i strongly disagree.
i i sure would not.
i did not write this to place blame on anyone or to judge people for their beliefs.
that started slowing him down.
but there so key in major aspects today, the pros out weigh the cons.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
every parent and family is different, as long as your child knows the rules and what you believe in then there is no need for censorship in libraries.
leisure can restore our energy, comfort us and make us strong to work again.
you can be helpful.
his friends like to play with him.
lastly, they allow people to communicate quickly by an email or an .
in , they celebrated her first birthdays.
not only is the computer dad for your healthy.
but not every one agrees it benefits society.
the public is open for anybody to read a book.
he had been a slave boy.
a concern i have of the computer is that people are becoming to addicted to computers.
maybe, go to the mall with friends and.
you could keep in touch with old friends or family.
parents need to keep stuff like magazines, movies, pictures, books and stuff like that up away from kids.
spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends.
next this is good for buyers and sellers.
a couple years ago, a was going to have the biggest game of his life.
he feels a loving mood because his family love and take care of him.
such as our right to freedom of expression.
if other people want to read a book that you find offensive or bad, there is nothing that you can do about it.
this is on issue that needs attention.
others might feel the same way, and others not.
one , , and i were all going to work on our project.
not everyone gets offended by the same things, or the same material.
there were no people around to help him, but there was a snake.
i have known that i wanted to be a lawyer since i was seven years old and have been working to better my education based on my goals.
i was drawn to this hobby when i was just six years old.
if it to graphic for kids put it in the adults area.
however, not all books should be considered appropriate for all audiences.
i feel like some educational magazines be graphic and show things that children should not see but on the other hand, seeing it will help them understand.
if we went to travel by train we have to buy tickets.
the hibiscus inspires her, and lets her know that the new country has many of the same things as her old country.
i see it more better to have offensive items such as: books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
people spend more time staring at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family.
there should not be a certain kinds of books in the library.
now the needs money to keep books and other items in stock and so they can repair them if necessary.
many people find this offensive.
the issue that is going around is computers have good effects on people or bad ones.
there are so many books and movies out there that teach us of life before our generation.
the text explains in paragraph !
in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
adults know what is right from wrong than what children do.
he cannot eat proper food.
these games start off fun but they become habits.
imagine there was no computer for them to use.
i believe that books were made for a purpose.
he was alive during the middle ages, and he constantly saw oppressive things like serfs.
if we really have that freedom the censorship violates it completely.
thinking about that helped the cyclist keep going.
most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even help type a great resume for you.
some people have long distance relationships right?
dear newspaper, you think that computers have bad effect on people today?
using computers could possibly save your life one day.
quickly turning your eyes from the unfortunate meeting of offensive pictures, you race down the hallway to a different section.
do you want any thing like that ever to happen to you or your family?
i think that nobody should have the right to remove a book, movie, music, or magazine from the shelf.
the computer you can look for information make faster.
i remember going to the library when i was a kid, and i wanted to check out a movie.
this can be causes by lack of exercise and inactivity.
so you would have to ask for the movie or and someone will go get it from the back for you, due to explicit content or explicit lyrics.
should we remove books and media because they are offensive?
the most important function of the computer is education.
the cost of production has gone down.
of use their computers to talk with others online.
after an hour or so, i woke up and went to my parents’ room.
so many stores now allow you to purchase stock on me.
then their problem is solved.
this book had language that i do not think would be suitable for others in some content that was in the novel.
it reminder her of her old home.
dear local newspaper, would a person do with out a computer?
if some materials were removed from public libraries due to censorship, people would only be able to find it online or in certain stores.
you can go on the internet, play games and even talk with people.
it would provides financial, health, and community benefits.
his parents were kind, giving and generous to everyone.
introducing computers could mess up that fact even more.
some people believe that a movie or song needs to be removed, but others disagree, and nobody wants the things they enjoy to be taken away.
also there were no other travelers so he could not ask for assistance from them.
of course there are benefits.
but also regular people, for example teens, do not need to be on the computer for four hours a day.
the internet can be useful in everyday life.
or in rare cases the parents are the cause of it.
like the basic theory of.
should be removed from the shelves.
all i can really say to that is it is their decision.
kids are encouraged to go to the library as much as possible, but not if there is vulgar things on the shelves.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
the setting can affect anything.
do you think that certain materials should be removed from the shelves it they are found offensive?
also, there were hills.
however, yes i do believe that there are items in the library that could be censored.
and computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family.
nowadays, computers have a major chance to do that to you.
many adults are over weight because they sit at computers and work as play games all day.
if based on a true story and offensive it should be heard anywise because part of history.
he drove all the way to to get it.
it was nothing cool about it.
the authors mood did change with the setting and before it got better it was worse.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
people are now these days.
on whats going on.
the library is public property.
it allows the book to give off a feeling of living in the time is based in.
in my opinion having computer is good to have.
she missed her home in the other country and was having trouble getting past it.
you can make new friends from around the world without leaving your house.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is lovable.
libraries are considered public places and have a wide range of audiences.
when he handed it into the teacher the , when he reached the classroom the teacher looked happy when she gave him back his test he had an .
the first thing the cyclist encounters is a rusty pump & old shed.
that meaning is life.
in conclusion, in opinion it benefit society.
they build fantastic hand eye coordination, and help with many things including & sports.
reading a book is not worth going to jail for.
publisher can be used for projects as well.
for a person to be able to take away another persons right to read a book of his or her choice, is mind boggling.
most magazine are known for entertainment and update on well known people around the globe.
the way they make all cheerleaders out to be is horrible.
they all rely on trees to survive.
he was so thirsty that he would drink hot water.
as you can see games, learning and talking are easier to do on the computer.
there were many factors of the setting that negatively and positively affected the cyclist throughout his adventure.
we should all join hands to build a greener and healthier environment.
what is considered a work of art to one person could be seen as highly offensive to another.
clearly in his memoir portrays a happy mood.
i believe that an age limit should be set for certain types of materials.
take about minutes to an hour of your day talk to those people you never get to see, do your reach.
father asked him what he was doing, because he was just standing there looking at the person behind the counter.
so yes any books should be left on the shelf at libraries, open to anyone and everyone who are willing to read them.
please just listen to what i have to say.
even a child interactions chatting with friends on or , anything could be said.
some of us carried fruits, some carried cakes, and some carried snacks.
second you do projects or homework.
any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
then doing homework.
a lot of people need to take breaks off the computer: because computers can do harm.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is love, and happiness.
computers have made information a breeze and everyone loves how simple it is!
when the cyclist first headed out the road was flat and smooth.
in conclusion, i believe that computers affect on people.
this should be a wake up call for those who have children.
and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke on a gorgeous day this is an example of how he lost courage.
a house is not a home without family, and a family is not a family without its trails, struggles, and happiness.
it has become a separate field of study with so many specialisation techniques.
if someone just moved from another town or state, this will help them meet new people.
that is for you to decide!
many people are affected negatively by computers.
knows that members in a family would give up anything to help another member of the family.
the fact of the matter is, if good stuff is out there, then you can generally make the assumption that bad stuff is out there too.
if they bring up a situation then just take it off the shelves so you can stay safe and them as well.
so when you go to get something liquid which heats and cools faster than solids it will be hot.
that is why i see computers as a positively amazing thing.
his hopes start to drop.
they can be religion, race, or brought up in a different way.
many hazards and rigorous features affect the cyclist.
i would say that is pretty enlightening.
have you ever wandered about current events in our country or others?
then you can study from the computer.
at the end of the day you still get to teach them not to lesson or do that kind of stuff in the books.
she can get better, so that this time she will pass.
i do not believe that books, music, movies, or magazines should ever be censored.
did you really spend your hard earned cash on a faulty hunk of trash?
in the past year, victim have committed suicide.
that is how the settings of the story play role in the cyclist epidemic.
when my grandparents went to school, they had no idea what a computer was.
censorship, to a certain extent, should not be in present in libraries.
surely the effects of computers cant be good.
this decision is now up to you.
to get rice the farmers have to hull the paddy seeds.
you would think that your going to hang out with them later.
parents should make sure that their children are not reading inappropriate things or listening to offensive music or watching or rated movies.
this hurt me because that book was one of my favorite books to read.
you think it is okay for your young child to listen to it now, but just wait until those words make it into their vocabulary.
here is my second reason.
is how people work, and keeping the material on the selves is how the people are pleased or motivated
it be impossible to ever get every single one of these off the shelves.
this creates a mood of hardship and rough times.
i believe that if someone wanted to know more information about something the library or the should be able to provide it for them.
now, the computer is also profitable.
he also considers his community family and that really makes you feel at peace inside.
there, the cyclist tries to stay focused through distractions.
the author was affected in many ways be the conclusion.
pictures can also be offensive in many ways such as sex, race, and violence.
computers are a hundred percent health for you.
the author now had a solid thing to remind her of home.
the setting effects the cyclist in many ways.
having no water out in the dessert could make you dehydrate and faint.
i want my kids to be able to have the same options that i had growing up plus all the new books coming out.
not everyone has a cell phone so when you talk to them via or any of the others it is nice to chat.
the setting affected the cyclist because the terrain you ride on can determine how you ride.
so i strayed out of the kid section and browsed other areas of the library.
you can also have fun online if your bored at home and have nothing to do.
any thing in moderation is okay.
that is my reasons i think you should exercise then stare at the computer screen.
also he kept going to abandoned buildings.
from my own experience, i have not had trouble with libraries and materials they have to choose from.
i believe there is a meaningful reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
i understand that leaving these types of books out for children to read could cause a problem, but libraries are usually set up in sections.
however you do it the libraries will lose the little money they are getting from the people.
well, knowing this truth does not stop the victims from getting attracted by this media stunt!
you can play games with people.
some books could give them the wrong idea and encourage them to make unlawful decisions.
same type of censorship that video stores have is a perfect way to place censorship in a library.
you can learn about someone and become friends and hang out a lot.
in the end paragraph she intercedes this by saying that in the spring she will take the test again.
this gives you a feeling of the home being warm comfortable and most of all alive.
i remember the times when i had a project due at school, and i guessed on.
me as a child a is throwing me off of my homework.
first of all he listened to the old man so he was on the wrong path.
it deals with the science of information processing, invoicing, recording, manipulating, and retrieving information.
how can people take libraries seriously if there are dirty books, or books with rude language, and scandalous themes.
the movies are easy to find.
the drainage system was choked.
they are mammals who belong to the family of whales.
should we have censored them?
if i were the author i would also have gotten tired because you need water in your body to survive.
computers are also attention hogs and take away interaction with family.
now you know computers are really good for kids not that bad.
lets face it without computers today we would not be able to function.
my second opinion on computer is that.
the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit reflect upon the cyclist.
it was my favorite part everyday.
computers have databases or websites design to have with research just as the do.
this shows that just as the winter hibiscus is along winter, and then blooms in the spring, she must be strong during these hard times.
examinations are held in every school or college.
computers can help you study, take notes, and helps do your homework.
i think that computers are becoming an issue.
keep them so people can understand life the easy way and the hard way.
the author writes about how this small simple home was very special home to him and also how much it meant to him.
people have a choice of what they want to buy and rent.
no matter how bad they are their informational books and we need them to learn
for example, he listened to some old people who led him the wrong way and could have had him killed.
advances in technology are amazing.
here is a short example.
i just believe that our libraries are a place where authors can express themselves and share their book, novels, poems, etc.
they deserve more attention than a machine.
if it is rated then i know that i see some blood, gory scenes, and nudity.
my experience with computers is that they have much information but sometimes it can be too much.
that answer is yes.
because the fancy technology will be here till years too come!
had made us a better world.
it also make them think that there ideas would not matter and no one would be able to appreciate them.
this kind of stuff needs to be open to everybody no matter the age.
which is good because you can use them at your own convince.
that is why should have internet because you can still go online but have fun outside to.
lastly, why computers are positive is kids and adults can talk to there friends or family quicker.
without this valuable exercise more people are .
so you can go on the computer and find a place that is closest to you that has the book.
this is when they type and this is similar to a telephone conversation, but free of charge.
i strongly believe that books with offensive things should be pulled out the library.
games teach us the way to face failure which we come across atadversary corner.
the most logical thing is to not censor what works are put into libraries.
computers are nice to have, but be careful not to whittle away all of your time on it!
you are able to talk to people from different countries.
this just make me want to say wow do you really want to be that upset about a book.
another is a connection of her past experiences.
the computer has everything you want for free.
boredom is bad, because kids will do anything to stop it.
a person who works especially with bricks stones and cement is called a mason.
you spend hours on the computer or even hours!
features of the setting affect the cyclist in a great way his journey would not be as difficult if these factors had not crossed his path.
you might be able to see how an household runs.
i bought a platform ticket and went inside.
they allow you to do homework that cant be done by hand.
censoring the content in libraries is wrong.
in the field, the player is not supposed to dispute the decion of the captain.
a rough spot for the cyclist was when the terrain changed from a flat stretch to rolling hills.
we put all of our knowledge into them, even hundreds, if not thousands, of years ago.
why would someone think we are spending too much time in the internet if we are being educated?
now some people might say that you can read a book on that country, but not everyone has time to sit and read a book.
offensive books are not meant for kids or even some kids in the early teens.
as a place used to gain knowledge and wisdom, a library is a wonderful resource.
computers are the future, and have even proven to save lives.
the features of the setting made the cyclists ride longer and harder than he expected.
she sees these flowers after failing which reminds her that she never given up before.
this also shows that some things like the test were strange to her but now that she is familiar with it she could pass it.
so when she sees the flower, she will think of her grandmother and that will motivate her to keep going.
to conclude, lets keep those filthy books and magazines away from the younger kids.
in high school we were told by our parents that we should not smoke do drugs or anything like that.
in seconds there will be thousands thousands of results.
of the international health committee.
his ride ended up being even harder than it would have been.
computers are like chocolate.
on the computer you can look up places and see beautiful pictures of places, nature, and even people.
another idea could be setting up reviews on a website with a list of each book in the library.
with computers students can also get their homework done and send it to their teacher by email if they cannot make it to school that day.
they can communicate easily what has been done and what needs to be done at the office such as what bills have been paid.
it also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information from.
they form a healthy part of our diet.
censorship is a tough topic to discuss.
my first reason why computers have bad effects on people who use computers, is the health issue.
but why should we have to have movies, books and etc censored, cause their little children every where.
some are multi-coloured.
i can understand why some people want to remove some movies or books from the libraries.
you my even use information on the computer for a report statistics show of people who do reports, find their facts on the internet.
how can you say that one thing is offensive to one person and is also offensive to another person?.
anything you need you can find it on the computer.
have you ever heard of a email?
one time i went into the library and i picked out a book about a haunted house.
not all people are the same, and not all books or magazines are the same.
books are very important to people and need some entertainment other than television.
in a public library a person should have the right to read whatever he or she pleases.
you should take it up with one of the workers so they can move it to a different section.
killing the layer the are much more powerful, hurting people.
the people will choose what they want or what they think they want to read or watch or listen too.
think about that one.
a child of years old would not have developed the mature way of think of the book.
magazines are also a small portion of this conflict.
he wanted to reach there soon.
many of these people better understand others, promoting tolerance.
many experts believe that computers are taking away time with family and friends but with websites like it is actually adding time.
dear: i think computer are one of the most inventions ever.
i think the mood the author is trying to give is thankful, and satisfied, and that he is loved.
we can easily avoid this by telling every body these known facts.
i would keep all types of books in my school if i were the principal of my school.
profanity also can change a person behavior, by the way people talk and act.
cursing to me is not offensive.
they depend on their email to get to their boss or their layout of their statewide meeting to save so they can get the raise they deserve.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the fact of the computer is that it can be bad for the citizens in in .
and my conclusion with all three reasons.
one example is flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
another example is the keyboard, because while learning where all the keys are you memorize them.
to keep his subjects underneath his rule, often he has to resort to taking away civil rights.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
as i stated in the first paragraph, everyone has there own opinions.
computers are a big waste in time and a bigger waste in money.
sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise.
computers help other people learn about far away places.
when we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need.
if something is considered offensive, why put it in a library anyway if its going to be open to anyone in the public, including children?
you want to go and look you your favorite hockey player?
another reason is, it shows how confident this experience has made her.
they are the test of cramming, not of knowledge.
i think computers can help in life, but not to be on for like eight hours.
i believe that no book should be censored and should have the freedom to sit on a shelf and be read by anyone who wants to read it.
whether it be sexual or even political, if the reader finds it offensive they will not read the rest of the book.
there at one point he says, can feel so cruel.
i trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
the answer for me is no, since books like that hold an educational value that outweighs their offensiveness.
everyone has different interests, and they want to research them at the library.
keep on reading so i could tell you all about my three reasons.
after an hour she took us back to the bus and we all came back to the school.
computers have millions of games that a kid can play for free.
in every book of every library their is something that people most likely think should be censored.
they want to look perfect.
in public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble.
for example, when the road changes from smooth and easy to rolling and full of hills.
most of it had to do with how grew up and was born into a family who had just finished their hardships of getting int .
features of the setting such as the terrain and the sun affect the cyclist in the story.
the man would curse his lungs out.
also the whole race, the cyclist biggest problem was water.
the modern world today makes it easy for people to find just about anything without a large hassle.
in the end, the media is largely for entertainment.
how did he make himself glorious among all other creations?
things like that are creating problems for parents as well as people around them.
back then i had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio.
all you have to do is stay away from what ever it is that is bothering you.
days you can talk through the with a person in without needing to go to .
what would happen?
some books and magazines might just have the intent to explain a type a culture and raise awareness about the subject.
but then, the article is taken away because of one small comment in it.
computers are good were ever you go, it can look up for a project for school.
things like and could have people that want to find out all about you so they can hurt you.
this is a serious concern to our health.
i was thrilled and excited, as it was the first time that i was going to the forest.
you enjoy a certain genre or topic that someone else find offensive.
there were books about politics, religion, sex, and violence.
the computer is a major help.
go with you soul.
if everything is removed because of an opinion, the world of the arts will be no more.
people have started sending their mails through computers.
there are tons of things you can do on a computer.
one of my personal experiences is that i love music, so do my two best friends.
some for books, some for magazines, some for movies.
the books and things in a library help you with so much research.
however, this book is seen as one of the centuries greatest works and cannot be removed from the education of young people because of an offensive term.
dear local newspaper, computers have a humongous positive effect on people.
i feel way if your always on the computers, and your never outside, then your friends will like you want to be bothered.
the author was depressed , dehydrated and had all but given up , however he kept going and eventually made it to some water.
when you go to a new country, you also get the opportunity to meet new people.
most of the books were too mature of a read for me anyways, butt i still looked through them all.
if there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future.
we learned a lot of information.
the settings of the cause effected the cyclist in many ways he was not prepared for the route, and the route he took was not biker friendly.
it would also help them on their reports.
articles about views on the death penalty.
i like getting the full effect out of things.
finally, people should stop using computers as much as they are now, in order to keep their safety safe.
in the spring she will see the plant and remember her home which will help her not feel as homesick.
including, help with the children, help with cooking, with organizing, anything!
another thing it can do is play video games.
even very little kids can play games.
if people think they are getting rid of the offensive books, magazines, etc.
there are a lot of people out there who like to read.
most people have there own type of everything.
i do feel that some books should be monitored, and taken off the shelves if they are found inappropriate for the intended age.
and if you a sports fanatic you can be able to watch live games on the computer.
however, it is difficult for these curious people to extend their strive for knowledge, if they have restrictions as to what they can read or study.
lastly, computers allow people to see far away places and learn about almost anything with a click of a button.
hes frightened by it because it looked like a diamond back and he was trying to keep his balance and ease past it.
i for one, think that this is a terribly made thought.
in our world today, there is a way to find anything that you could ever want under one roof.
if all the material that is found offensive was taken out of the library, would there really be anything left?
computers can most certainly improve our society.
more and more people should lay off it.
many people depend on computers.
it is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers.
computers are important because your child will get the proper education that they need.
it is where people of all ages go to find books or other materials that they would like to read or use for research.
day was in the library with the rest his class, assigned to researching his topic in a book.
also, parents you computers for work or maybe to get away from work to take a vacation they need took book it some how.
no, it should not be removed.
you have seen my views and what i believe.
i know you will agree with me when i say that maybe people should spend less time effecting themselves.
the features of the setting would have affected the cyclist a lot.
the cyclist tip gets worse when he reads for the next town.
one person find the book offensive and the next person not.
such as trying to fill a sieve full of sand, he does not know how to learn.
the lack of water led to the possibility to sucking pebbles to forget about his thirst.
when the cyclist arrived at the abandoned grape factory he felt on twist of many.
the features and settings affected the cyclist because of all the dangers of doing it.
it remains open all day.
do you know what skill was used to hit that ball?
computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society.
for example, if a library is intended solely for the use of younger audiences, censorship should hardly be considered a crime.
i had gotten more information than the book.
also, i am going to explain how i felt and what i wanted to do when i seen those things in a library that was offensive to me.
people who do drugs or have a family member that does drugs are an example.
that is the top secret of the happy life of my home.
i once was in a library and read a magazine talking bad about teenage drivers.
if people start to take those things away then what use would be for a library.
the whole story had been sad but the ending shows some hope.
suddenly, i heard a noise in the street.
computers are very important to society.
like people use to talk to on the other side of the world or you can use aim.
we need to show them that we care.
thank you for taking your time to ready what i really think about removing articles from libraries
quote from voices a strong point on citizenship.
it brings a happy mood.
more often then not i enjoy reading what i enjoy far more than something that is forced.
the computer is a great way to socialize with friends.
a major fear among the parents is the inappropriate language or scenes that be described in books.
sometimes it can encourage us to buy things we don’t need at all.
first of all, without computers many people would struggle.
of money donated to an organization that assists in global disasters comes from online.
there are some material that a adult need to help in life.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
it is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world.
the mood of this memoir is one of love and kindness.
he is very helpful to all.
your body will be unhealthy and out of shape.
most literally, the fact that the setting was unknown to the cyclist affected his confusion.
also as the terrain changes from flat road to short, rolling hills the cyclist must change his speed to better survive and continue in his dehydrated state.
i have a !
they stop caring about school, sports, even their friends.
the only type of book that should be kept from some people is magazines.
you can look up a website that tells you about a word or a car that you need to learn about for school or work.
libraries are serious places and should be treated as such.
i really think that books in age groups, will stop the commotion.
we are allowed to give our opinions on any topic, and describe it in any way.
lastly, computers tend to make communication a little easier.
the setting causes major problems for the cyclist in the essay, do not exceed posted speed limit.
after reading this paper, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit.
the kids can just grow up the way that they should.
or i can also talk to friends after a long day of school.
which in a sense is hurting the censorship of all the people who choose to take part in it.
many jobs these days, typically banks, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some actually are based in the internet.
finally, you can chat with someone from around the world if you wanted to!
do i believe that certain materials , such as books, music, movies,magazines, and so on should be removed?
i think that books that are bad for children should be in there own section in the library.
next, the computer allows you to talk online with other people.
in this i will tell you how the cyclist was being effected.
if one person feel the book was offensive to them then they would take it off the shelves.
computer allow families to see each other online.
we the people are the ones that want these books, movies, magazines, and music.
third, he learned the real definition of family.
the setting is very important because it affects all of the details in the writing.
in his efforts he is slowly getting weaker and the sign he sees only makes him feel worse because it seems to him that it mocking him.
he goes jogging every morning and takes me along with him on weekends.
just the other day i was in the library.
my freshman year we read and .
this was the first step to finally moving on.
through this she realized that life in is not so bad, and that she still has a little bit of her old home with her everyday.
doing that with their life.
family members always around, visiting frequently for dinner.
eventually he drank all of his water and knew he would die of dehydration or a heat stroke.
this poor man’s vehicle can carry two persons easily.
the number of computers sold has gone up since .
everyone cannot be the same it just would not work.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on people.
so more people would rather watch a movie.
another reasons why its good is that you can talk to your friends from the computer.
he is very polite.
it is just something that we will have to deal with.
very soon he anger goes with the wind and sprang up to her usual kindness.
once you get onto a computer you never want to get off.
lastly, everyone reads on the internet about warming but why do we not take action!
i found directions within a second using a computer.
as you can see, there are many ways to describe the mood of the memoir.
the normal response to a movie such as that would be to become angry or frustrated.
what do we do now that governments are starting to censor the internet?
thirdly, computers could help us advance into the.
in conclusion, i see computers as a negative effect on people.
there were road lights near the towns.
show cool thing you have that are new.
these are the main points from paragraphs and .
would exercise everyday after work for two hours.
its like a new way to be home schooled.
some mystery books have parts in them that be offensive.
sorry about the lack organization towards the end, i ran out space.
people are getting fat because they are sitting at the computer and not doing any movement.
the author just loves to write and should not have to think of all the concerns that they should just not worry about.
computers are a lot easier to help us with school work, than textbooks are.
shopping online creates a positive, less hectic life for many people around the world.
you both get to choose what books you read, what movies you watch, and what music you listen to.
i do not think that materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removes from shelves if they are found offensive.
should books that are offensive be removed from library shelves?
there are springs of water in few places in a desert.
the setting of the story seems tragic to the cyclist.
in the essay it states, wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke.
mindless spewing of words linked together with curses and other garbage.
yes, they think that there is no real harm.
books,music,movies, or magazines wont be pulled because of emotions.
the aspect that a parent is worried about what their children might read implies parents need to step in.
music is something that everyone listens to, no matter is its rap, country, or the blues.
surely, you should agree that computers are great.
i know i would like to.
the one thing, parents especially, that fuels the negative opinion on computers is safety and reliability.
learn also to respect others as well and to let children be around safe family type of books, music and magazines
she in her forthright manner scolded both and silenced them.
during this time, they could be exercising, going to the gym, or even taking a walk with friends.
i asked each of the kids how long it took them.
now, you can send instant mail which saves days time and paper.
it is a country in that no one really knows much about.
, you have an idea of how the author will play out the story and how the character really feels.
, in my opinion computers are good for people.
when you sit and watch computer your eyes starts to hurt.
you need a good grade on a project.
so for the censorship towards different groups of people, there will have to be some tolerance.
the spring is a season where everything is fresh and new.
he is excited for his ride and ready to accomplish it.
those are two examples of how the mood is loving.
to do that would be to steal from community members their chance to learn.
yes, there should computer are good things and are good help.
soon the drizzle turned into heavy rain.
that if you do something that make them feel better that would be really good to them.
while working out an essay by hand is tiring and boring you can type up the essay on you computer.
some people think that offensive books should be removed from library shelves.
i can see our school and playground from the top.
i hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary.
the feature of the setting greatly affected the cyclist.
to them, family was your community and friends.
this also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email.
that is why i think computers are necessary.
features of the setting really affect a cyclist
i also hope they people make the right vote.
is grateful that he had the parents he did.
there are all kinds of different people in the world.
but when they are not expected, they cause until misery.
the most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information.
the cyclist is affected by couple different things.
i do think that certain movies and music should be removed from shelves if little kids are aloud in the store.
billions of books float from shelf to shelf each day: fictional and nonfictional, horror and comedy.
the world is a large place with many people, places, regions, and countries.
computers are the next best thing since sliced bread.
new machines are robots are built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is rapidly growing.
people will fight for their freedom to see and hear what they want because people know what they want and will get it any way they have to.
her memories are going to give her strength to carry on with her life and try her drivers test again in the spring.
going through reality and the struggles is what makes each individual they are.
if so many kids are getting hurt by the then why do we all keep using computers?
it should be up to the parent to decide which books there child should read, which magazines they should buy, and which television programs they should watch.
lastly, it is a great way to communicate with friends and family.
the story quotes, i will take that test again.
i wet to the big kids side as i called it and tried to check the book out.
in many ways computers help with our daily lives and for most of , without them, we would be lost.
should certain materials in libraries be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
many students are in the habit of reaching school late.
then, some people not have the resources available that they need.
we went to the office of the principal.
well do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all music you listen to is offensive.
computers cost a lot of many but it is worth it.
the cyclist did not have much energy because he had no hope for him.
like when he rood through that ghost town.
the warmth of the desert had an affect on the cyclist and caused him to be fatigue.
however, she survived the brutal attack and deleted her account.
just like books and magazines, every one has their own taste in music.
while he is just starting out, the road is flat and easy.
i mean if you were a parent would you want to explain to your eight year what sex is.
if someone just removed all the things that are found offensive from the shelves.
no, is to judge what we see and hear?
imagine my joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
there is so much more that i can tell you, and just after my very first reason how could there even be another side to it?
man has not recognised the importance of trees.
basically she did as the geese by lifting her head watching as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly facing into the distance.
i do not agree with the fact that computers are a good part of society.
computers are great for school.
although many disagree with using computer technology, computers are often the way we communicate with foreign countries.
and i hope you agree with me for my three reasons you can gain weight, eye problem and how are you going to pay your bill?
a person could be left waiting in line for hours to get a product.
you can learn a lot too.
he joins us in games.
of the people in school say their addicted to the computer, and of the people in community say their addicted to the computer too.
computers have far more positive than negative effects.
there are many free games, like , that have endless possibilities.
furthermore, a book contain images not suitable for children.
i myself have never really read or watched anything that was completely uncalled for.
having a computer is mandatory for school.
those people tend to probably argue with their family because they had to get off of computer.
as you can see, computers are a great way to keep in touch with family and talk to friends.
the cyclist sucks on rocks as a last resort and gives up hope of living , when he comes upon a fish camp.
this applies to the maturity of the reader as well.
people should be going about to have fun get sunlight not staying at the computer all the time.
each day she walked to the library for a new story to dive in.
dear , computers have helped us in many ways.
lastly, they should enjoy life.
all you can do as a parent is raise them well and hope that you have taught them right from wrong.
i would try to make them good citizens.
it can help us on our homework.
but what about the other people?
at one job, there should be one hand.
as he saw no buildings in sight for many miles, he began to lose his determination as well as hope.
(the town) fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
failing her drives test was hard for her.
like i have stated before, there should not be any censorship in libraries at all.
what are they going to be reading?
it just depends on the person and what they have grown up around, or what they think is right or wrong.
also, the movies rented out of the libraries today are very offensive.
for example if a veteran told a story about what happened in a certain area; the history book could tell a completely different story.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
my father was alsatian but my mother was from an ordinary breed.
newspapers are important pillar in a democracy.
how times do you use the computer in one day?
since there are books, music, movies, magazines and etc.
as you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends.
first of all, you can get a better education learning from them, also, it is a great way to communicate with people.
it would just be a click away.
i disagree with them on this and these are the reasons why.
she went to the greenhouse & spent on a hibiscus plant that reminded her of her home.
computers have caused many people money, friends and time.
you can do many things on the computer to have fun.
there are other ways to solve this problem.
he or she was just probable writing a book that they though was a good book.
they breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen that sustains our life.
if us children did not learn that at an early age many of them would be in some very rough situations today.
they also have teeth.
and also the home bringing the family closer together.
dear local newspaper, you know that every out of obese children spend or more hours a day on a computer?
they should be conscious about the essence of democracy.
overall, computers have a bad effect on people.
these books that we leave behind influence the future of our society.
last, offensive materials have impacted society for ages.
saving money and enjoying good entertainment are both positive effects on people, and both offered by computers.
so what would you do if you found an offensive item at the library?
for example, in the story it stated that she realized that many things were similar to things in her homeland.
there was a survey taken to see which is used more often, books with a specific subject or computers for information or various subjects.
computers are greatly necessary for people to communicate and enable people to make plans with simply and effectively.
well as you see this are my three main reasons for keeping a computer in your house and using it in a good and productive way.
in the memoir the expressed different moods.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit.
which shows that you can make the best of any situation with family and friends.
thank you for your time.
in conclusion the authors moods can be described in many different ways.
lets go farther on.
i do not believe books or any other thing should be removed from libraries shelf.
work sites such as companies use computers to control their machines.
while some people complain, others are using what it has to offer by looking up directions to events or facts for your next report.
and all those websites can help .
there was no shade so he had to just take the sun beating down on his back.
i highly doubt it.
adults can eliminate the amount of materials the children take home with them.
it is not right to hide the truth.
there is no need to be rude.
finally, all the children are getting lazier.
after reading, rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit, i noticed that the setting of this adventure affected the narrator.
secondly, people should play with real people.
this man, , was assigned a from the farms of who had never been out of the fields.
teen often go to the library to meet up with friends, or start on homework.
he can’t
novels are usually fiction, but the characters come to life to readers.
the only person i want to see that way is my wife in ten or so years.
or another question is, ' did they let my child check that out?'
one the internet there are many fun games for all ages.
well before long, one became two, two became four, and it just kept going up.
then sooner or later, more and more parents will be coming in complaining about a different book, movie, or magazine every other day.
computers also evolved how people can communicate with each other.
in the story the cyclist was affected.
libraries usually require cards.
others just want to have the freedom to read what they want to read.
second, when he ran out of water.
other people like the book you hate.
if getting off the computer changed my families lifestyle then it will do the same to others as well.
because she is concluding that the hibiscus comforts her and once once the plant is well and alive, she will be comfortable to take the test.
dear local newspaper, local newspaper do you think that the computer is a good technology in our generation today?
as you tell, i am against censoring our libraries.
dear newspaper, technology is a very useful thing but is also a bad thing, it makes people lazy on .
children are learning things they should not know about, until an older age, at a very young age.
it gives them great pleasure to see them happy and satisfied.
another example is if there was a shooting nearby.
there is games you can play, quizzes you can take and you can chat with your friends.
they make him think he will die and overall make him worried.
he is strong, tall and a healthy man.
statistics show that of the kids that stay on the computer for a long time end up either failing a class or staying rack.
you cant really take anything out of a library because either way their would be a lot of upset people.
in conclusion, things such as books and magazines are allowed to take from the shelves.
and would invite people into their home until they got back on their feet.
the mood the author portrays is love and unity.
in conclusion just go outside and have fun!
why parents come have not wanting to anything.
there are games that come with the computers and a lot of games on the internet.
when the flower buds again it would be the right time to take her drivers test.
the features of his journey are cruel.
gather your family and plan a trip.
a good library is diverse and has something that everyone of different backgrounds can enjoy.
this could be a huge problem in the future.
it is time to go outside and have fun with your family.
for example if you are doing a project for school.
my next reason is that every single person has their own unique interests.
sleep is essential to the body and mind and going without can be damaging.
one out of every teens spends more time telling people on the computer then face to face.
most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer.
one of those freedoms is the freedom of speech.
people should always treat others the way that they would like to be treated.
then even if she fails she will still be happy since her favorite plant is budding.
that means that there should be appropriate books and magazines that are also age appropriate.
it is my opinion that every book should have its own place on a shelf.
whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it.
in a recent survey, of kids felt their hand eye coordination improves after computer use.
your no enjoying nature!
by waiting until next spring to take the test it gives her something to look forward to.
story is not about sex, but about feelings of entrapment and the relationships one has with other people.
censorship should be only for the youth as an adult you are open to everything.
most schools have computers.
one man stood in front of a tank, resisting to move, showing courage and wanting a democracy.
the internet is a good way to find out about a place.
finally, she is grateful when they are leaving their house.
there are kids who think of these things so much they begin to think it is cool to point guns and knives at other kids.
some computers even have built in cameras that lets you hold conversations with peers through the computer while seeing each other.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
the same should go for a library.
movies in this time and age reveal to much for you eyes.
all of those things make work easier.
there is absolutely no exercise involved with being on your computer.
one setting that affected him was the first setting.
the marvelous things about computers is the speed of them.
she is not fair and as well as no dark.
this is horrible.
your health is at stake!
even though there is a chat on the computer it is nice to talk to your friends in person.
in addition, another reason is computers occasionally get viruses.
when kids are on computers they always click on the up ads.
this is ten times easier that going on the and waiting for the news stone you want details on.
i believe they are already censored enough.
thank you again for your time spent reading this.
the choice for what book the child reads should be between the parent and the child.
at night he goes on the round the area.
books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time.
i remind you that computers benefit many jobs in and in addition aid students by showing information about everything there is to know.
with the internet, that project can get done a lot faster just by typing whatever you need to know.
a computer can tell you just about anything you need to know.
they look after their young ones just like our mothers do.
you can also talk to people on them.
computers have had a negative impact on society.
people are concerned that too many people are spending too much time on their computers.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
i have the morals and the mind to choose for myself is good or bad.
i like the freedom and easiness of a computer.
of our society works with computers.
through hills, high desert, flat roads and the woods.
the youth of our country do not need to be seeing all of these actions and hearing these messages.
of people agree that computers make life less complicated.
the computer is one of the greatest inventions created.
shows so much love & thanks to his family & friends & his whole entire neighborhood in his last paragraph.
of people learned a dictionary there own using the internet.
people sometimes take it too seriously.
also, the computer allows people to stay in touch with others farther away.
computers are used overwhelmingly more often.
he should get up early in the morning, he should go for a morning walk every day.
school or any public library should remove books that contains inappropriate words that are not good for the kids to learn in their life.
some libraries not meet their requirements and that is why libraries do not have as much business as others.
there would be no more internet.
computers save time and does a lot of work.
i remember her telling my mom how her life is so mess up now.
they are what i understand from the story, newcomers to a country.
for example, last year everyone had to pick a state and learn certain things about it.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have both good and bad effects on people.
should materials in libraries be censored?
have you ever wondered what if a child got their hands on an adult book?
exercise is very important it helps the human body grow and stay in fit.
in the text.
computers allow this.
in the technology is a huge part of society.
these are the days of feasting and merry-making.
but your cant get a new family.
in my experience as a computer engineer.
just how the hibiscus reminded her of home life, the geese will remind her of springtime.
thank you for your time.
we are only human.
in addition, if one woman was able to take a magazine out of the library, then another man or woman would believe they had the same power.
second reason, how the computer can teach people things.
they can have live video chats together.
usually the book will be banned because of bad language which people thing should be taken out of our schools, but they are missing the point.
i will try to solve all the difficulties of my students.
books, music, movies and magazines are all mad to interest people and what they enjoy reading.
computers help people around the world to connect with other people computer help kids do their homework and look up staff that happen around the world.
if people cut back the amount of time indoors, we could probably bring that number way down.
the mood the author created in the memoir is grateful.
keep or remove?
people always have a choice.
all along the streets, in schools and sometimes even in church.
he tells his parents this to let them know how brave he thinks they are.
when people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life.
it is every persons own right and they are capable on making decisions that they think are the right thing to do.
the train arrived.
in my opinion, although computers help with certain everyday life, i think that it gives one negative effects.
to me censorship laws in libraries are not needed.
you guys can talk about a lot of different things.
the paragraph tells how was going to take a break and wait for the flower to being stronger till she toke the test again.
she is very cute.
it is a bad thing for little kids.
even when you are just on the computer.
however most of the things people do not like to see are things they fear.
finally, it helps your school work.
there is nothing in print that can not be conveyed in a different communication form.
for example, .
this section should be for grown ups only and that no children are aloud in there.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph in order to end the story on an optimistic note.
the lack of water and settlements slowed him down.
if we censored all the books that offended people, we would live in a very uneducated world.
one simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer.
i was looking at the magazine rack one day and noticed magazines like ,swimsuit magazines and many more.
just like some people be interested in fantasy or comedy.
people talking each other on line is just another way how computers benefit society.
some people find some offensive subjects interesting.
you can have intelligent,and its easy and free!
if we do not then usage will increase, there will be no chat problems and peoples money will get stolen.
dear editor, name is and i am a year old girl; yet active in reading the daily newspaper.
this helps so much so they can get their work done and exercise, enjoy nature, or interact with family and friends.
computers keep kids and teens entertained.
do you ever have a question that you instantly want or the to?
i show a lot of respect to those people on a daily basis.
books are needed for research.
it helps us to know the results of our actions.
have you ever done a report on on a far away country?
another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town.
millions of websites are specified to only education of all kinds.
once again i would like to tell you that always being on the internet is not good.
level ratings help the parents know what the kids are getting into.
they spend their pocket money and relish sweet dishes.
then think of all the sudden problem it would cause if that information was suddenly found.
how many people believe that censorship in libraries is really offensive and should be removed from libraries?
in conclusion i informed you on why i dislike computers.
do you think that censorship should be used?
computers help organize it with their many applications and programs like apps, , and document folders.
i would just research online or go to another library where i know they will meet my needs.
and he kept drinking a lot of water just to bring down his fear.
thousands of students just like are being pestered just as bad, and if not worse.
books are usually good things, although they can be very bad.
even though it might seem unfair, censorship, given by the parents and guardians, is very necessary.
does that mean that just because one person finds something offensive, then an item should be taken off shelves?
most music and movies these days use bad language or show people having sex or without proper clothing.
computers also help your imagination.
also, computers can make people stop talking to each other verbally.
movies would get too boring to watch and many things in society would fall apart.
the music in libraries should be censored.
books teach us about good things and bad things.
i would think not.
because the towns were deserted, the cyclist water supply was dwindling because there was no place where he could get more water.
at this point, the cyclist believes his own death to be inevitable.
the internet is an ideal way to get information the moment it happens.
the author grew up loving his home filled with culture and family.
fact is one hour of exercise is good for your health.
slavery and the were a horrible things that happened and teaching about it is important so that it does not happen again.
this is terrible and should stop going on.
there are over quests, and there are never fewer than people playing at a time.
that she is going to achieve so that her mother can be proud of her and to show herself she is trying to make a effort.
in my opinion i think the computer its a really good way to communicate with your family.
so much so, that at times it is hard to find a common ground in a large group setting.
in addition to students writing papers, computers are being used by teachers and school systems for grading, attendance records, and more.
their material provides research and appropriate entertainment for all ages.
my second reason is when people have nothing to do.
this shows how the hilly terrain and dehydration and heat are affecting the cyclist.
is it worth it to use all that time.
even though slavery was a big thing they still did not want any of the younger people to have it.
most, to all, times the takes from the genre.
so these are all my reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
she means that when everything returns and proves they survive, she will too.
that is why computers make work easy but help the environment at the same time.
my advice, computers are terrible.
he starts to lose water to keep him going, yet he pushes himself to the next town.
this sentence alone tells the reader that it is hot.
you will need computer skills in various jobs and what better to start than now.
that he love them anyways even if it is good or bad.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
books that suggest harmful behavior towards anything without a purpose should be thrown away.
another reason that i would be all for computers is being able to learn things.
today, the world has turned to a disaster.
before the internet and computers, it would take weeks to find enough information for a paper or business work.
would you just stare and wonder if she was crazy?
just watch all children around magazines, movies, and music.
i feel this way being lack of social skills, no exercise, and addicting.
it was also very hot there.
but if it is censored then they will not even be able to read it when they get older.
i hope you think about this
computers almost anything possible.
people need exercise to live and with computers it is becoming more lacking than ever.
libraries have been around for years and so have uncensored things that are being put in front of children.
their should be something like a warning label on the magazines, movies, music, etc.
then there are the sappy movies where all it seems the main characters do is have emotional fights that are soon resolved by a session of steamy sexual actions.
some computers are used for entertainment.
i think it is an excellent thing to have.
if censorship were to take place, the library would no longer be a place to enjoy.
i think these should be a limit on a computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercising.
in conclusion, society should have computers because we could learn about things more and we could chat with people.
or even just for fun or to learn something new that you never knew before.
the water runs out and we are now it our conflict.
people have different opinions what one find extremely offensive another not care or even laugh at it.
plus websites are filled with viruses, and what happens when your computer is dead due to viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project?
if this continues, it lead so far, that the libraries would have to be closed.
chairs were arranged for the parents and other guests.
all they need to do is check their email or the internet to realize what danger they are in.
what are we hiding from?
then by far this stuff helps.
the house was decorated with streamers and balloons.
in the essay the biker had no water left but was going down a hill.
most adults know to read the summary on the back of the book to know what is being checked out.
simply try telling other people about better books they can read and nicer movies to watch.
one more detail about the mood is that he sounds very grateful for what his parents did and the hard choice they had to make about moving to .
and were always willing to share everything they have.
the author concludes the story with these final lines to create a tone of hope that creates a theme.
you never know but maybe someone might think your favorite book is not appropriate.
words do not exist that can describe how amazing those parents are to do what they did.
travelling has great educative value.
the computer can really amp up your social life.
the last type of game is the tower defense.
the cyclists message is to follow a map, something you know is right, not a person that be lying or irresponsible.
if you need to know something you can just type it in and, boom!
computers and technology ruin your time with your family.
without a post office, life would become dull.
but, it is mostly good.
we all have our opinions and choices.
all of these things affect the cyclist.
if a certain type of music or book is known to be offensive, then that certain genre can be avoided.
he almost pounced on that man and wanted him to throw his cigarette.
how do you feel?
a lot of people have used computers to learn different cultures.
should books and such be removed off of the shelves if they are found offensive?
the loss of books has been seen throughout history.
it is hard for kids to understand the realness of life since ever thing is done over the internet now.
for thousands of years, written text has been a way to understand and connect with cultures and people through written language.
the land seemed to be leasing and tormenting him, when he started to figure out that listening to the old men was a mistake.
make go in the woods and wake around.
i cursed my fate!
on the other hand, a poor but healthy man enjoys life better.
they claim that these books can be offensive to some and, therefore, should not be read.
when really they are the people with more knowledge.
computers can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
unless you want to put one of your love ones' in the hospital do not use the computers.
my biggest reason is the learning capabilities these articles offer.
it told me was located in .
shockingly the book interested them.
you should go hangout outside.
your computer must have the right specifications to play it.
thank you very much for your time and effort that you put in to listen to me.
i say get read of it all and do everyone a favor
she thinks that once she forgets all of the bad things she went through the previous year.
as a conclusion, wasting your life on the computer is bad and can hurt your life in many ways.
this part makes you feel warm and happy about family.
today most business is conducted over the internet or on a computer.
computers can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard.
nobody was trying to take away your music so why would you take away ours.
now, i pose question to you: if all was deemed offensive material, what would be left?
the effects of computers on me are very good.
like the say, free will.
preparations were made many days in advance.
the hibiscus is what makes her feel as though she is connected to her homeland.
africa was ruled by the white people.
this effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and do not exercise enough to be healthy.
i think this is explaining exactly how dehydrated the cyclist actually was.
recently you back to your six pack sexy self.
that was really hard.
i am find out what weather is today, what happens throughout the day that be shocking to everyone, and find out about celebrities.
for example me and my family went on vacation to , and my mom made all the reservations from our computer at home.
lot of people need to lose weight or need to go outside more to the real world.
the hills make the cyclist exhausted and even more desperate for water.
this transformed this memoir to an exciting and happy story.
the banning of media can only lead to a general lack of self knowledge.
i think that there are many different few from many different people on books.
also, there are some programs on the computer where they allow you to talk to other people.
also, another reason why books and other media should not be censored is because people judge almost every little word offensive then.
kids use these as entertainment.
i do not agree on censorship in our world.
the two reasons he wrote this conclusion paragraph is to give the ending a hopeful tone and relate the objects she sees to the spring.
the best learn about it and help.
everybody is unique, different and have their own opinions on different things and ideas.
carpal tunnel used to be more when typewriters were big, but dwindled down once computers with newer, easier to type on keyboards came around.
in the end computers are something we i need in are life because it makes life simpler.
i think that it benefits us all.
the author concluded with the paragraph about when winter turns to spring, she will take her driving test again for one main reason.
first of all, going on the internet and search sites help you learn and find information on anything you want.
many places show and sell offensive material.
i cannot fully grasp the concept in my head of hiding materials from the public.
then after he says that it ways he chuckled.
in this memoir the mood sounds like a happy one.
of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic.
dear readers many people use computers but, not so many people think benefits society.
the determination to win and be the best even if it kills you.
dear local newspaper, are several reason how computers have effect on people.
later on, he was sent to a bed in the ward.
when people are on the computer they spend multiple hours on it.
most kids would not be able to reach as high as a adult.
dear editor of the , i heard you are writing a section in your newspaper about computers and i just thought i would voice my opinion.
the book is strong and shows readers a strong aspect in life.
from educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life.
picking a book or film to checkout from a library is a small choice, but it is our choice to choose what we can handle.
they teach hand eye coordination, saves trees, and allows people to learn about everything.
humans especially children, need exercise.
books give people another way to learn new things.
and when?'.
they provide us with valuable research, entertainment, and cold hard facts.
now some people can argue that you can learn about current events on or a newspaper.
how will someone know what to expect or what to do?
each feature causing the cyclist to act.
computers can be useful and have some benefits; on the other hand, they are harmful and they should not be used as often.
some people do not like the fact that there are books on the shelf that they consider offensive.
they also, allow people to talk to other people online.
it was my eighth birthday.
she is saying how she is going to try to take the test again because of the fact that she failed the first time.
he was given to his parents by the scouts.
when kids say it outta class rooms they get in trouble.
saying this, is saying that is grateful that his parents would give up their lives as they knew it for him.
authors and media producers should take other people into consideration and put their efforts into raising awareness instead of offending.
children could take that offensive or violent book into action.
different things are offensive to different people.
dehydration also can be fatal.
it also shows that she can start a new here just like the hibiscus does at her house.
shes trapped because the area is alien to her and she has to adjust.
that way, if you forgot your home work was you have a place to check.
if wish to use computers there are rules that need to be applied as well.
for example i had to research a person my project & all i dis was type in his name & pages full of information popped.
, of people use computers for many different types of things.
is both proud and thankful of his parents.
another element in the passage adds gratitude to the overall mood of the story.
when its bright out again and things start looking out again and things starts looking good shell feel good about taking the test over again.
that out of member of family learn thing from the computer.
the computers tell us how the war is and about what the president is doing.
books, music, movies, and magazines are sold for this purpose.
computers play a large part in the of the world.
also, the heat: first, the terrain affects the cyclist.
computers are a wonderful tool when it comes to communication.
dear newspaper readers, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
if we removed books that offended even one person, then no books would remain.
these marvelous machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you would like.
is ridiculous that we are forgetting how to use the proper grammar of the language.
the internet was not just created for the heck of it.
well, in this commercial is laying down on and is eating an cookie.
if i could pick what to do i would keep the books on the shelves and make the kid happy
people from ages of school kids, to adults who have a job so highly appreciated as a chemist, use computers!
otherwise each one will do so differently and cause a mishap.
this quote shows the old, beat down environment worried him.
you should think about after math like thoughts and opinions from everyone else.
his parents later got a divorce because he turned into a totally different person.
i believe censorship is wrong.
the author concluded with that statement to represent the importance of the plant and the surroundings of when she wants to past the test.
adding to his weakness, and the extreme heat, he also ran out of water, causing him to become dehydrated.
young minds get corrupted by reading trash.
i like this because it keeps the bad apples off the self.
the next example is that when she find this flow she know she do it again.
their effect is the most positive effect on people, ever in my opinion.
computers have some good advantages here and there but mostly result in a negative effect.
to me i would have to say that the reason why the author concluded his story with this paragraph would be of different reasons.
what about the younger children who like to read?
also, to cyclist encounters a ridiculously large snake in the middle of the rode.
its fast, easy and safe.
i firmly believe that this is correct.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was simply love.
the employee pointed her towards the flower.
another thing is, you can research countries, towns, and cities with google instead of having to go out and get books.
his parents sacrificed everything for him so he can have a better life.
as teen who attends school i know that i would not be able to do a lot of my school work and projects without my computer.
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us'.
the rest of the would be for people to study, and read.
there from the small we are able that computers are for from addicting.
everyone loves their father and mother.don’t you?
to many children take the movies to the extreme and try and act like the actors or actresses, and the children end up getting hurt from these actions.
everyone has their thoughts and comments on at least one religion.
in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting had a major impact on the character.
the more you hid it, the more children will seek it out.
children can be strongly influenced by all media out there and making that material has been made easily accessible.
the reason i know the mood was happy is because, she had wonderful people in her life.
in addition, from using computers for jobs, some people like to chat online with a friend that move away.
having things to remind her of home and the house that she lives at now can help her a lot in being confident in herself.
i am going to list a couple of ways that i think censorship is bad and also why it is good.
censorship goes against everything the western democracies stand for.
he would dehydrate to the humidity of the desert and heat.
one person tries to make tomorrow a better place but the next tries to demoralize it.
the mood is proud, because the author goes on about how amazing their parents are & how inviting the house was.
this increase would help many, people with low coordination.
he also creates a sad mood by never talking about the good things.
in conclusion when it comes to as easy as riding a bike, you need to take precaution in what might lie ahead.
so the computer has also allowed us to what without them having to be there.
i know i be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends.
for instance these games consisted of violence, sex, drugs, and foul language.
society computers to get information.
it is the same with the health and functions at our bodies.
you can not removed that.
directors try and cover them up, but we know what they are trying to get across.
that is why the author decided to end the story with that last paragraph.
and adapt to her new country.
these can be hazardous, and even deadly.
and with this family came the good times.
my friends say that computers are a waste time.
harmful things need to be removed from everything.
these are important things that help me keep up with things away from my town.
you can make your writing cursive or any other that you would like.
the child brought some fruit for me.
our knowledge and ability to learn is our greatest asset and must be treasured.
dear , there has been a lot of talk about how computers effect society.
rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing.
example on you find what ever street you want.
should books that be offensive to others no because there are hundreds and thousands of different books and even more.
not only is an issue, however, people can now talk to strangers on the internet.
i truthfully do not know why you would want to remove books or censor them with a sharpie marker.
other than winding you down on a rough day at work, on the computer allow you to communicate with friends and family.
the child’s relationship with the teacher determines the grade and academics of the student.
dear , advances in computer technology have positively affected the society we live in today.
libraries are a wonderful place full of great stories and adventures, so they should not be polluted with offensive and inappropriate material
i had even gotten some pictures too.
then we will move onto the music, and then the shows.
that is, of course, an obvious statement.
generally children should be running around burning off their calories; even some people in their teen years should.
the author explains how his parents brought him to the united states.
the setting also affected the cyclist because there was no one around him to help.
you know that you want to!
she symbolizes by planting the hibiscus that things are going to get better if she is not too stuck in the past.
a very dark future waits for us if censorship continues.
computers can give many chances for exploring education.
a place people can go to escape the world and stick their head into a book.
websites like and are most commonly used.
now would you want to be looking for one of your favorite books and find an offensive image?
things began well enough.
you still have time to change your life and say no to the computers.
now, in this situation a computer would be very helpful to just type in the word and get a whole bunch of results.
everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not.
nobody made her watch , she chose to watch .
over time, computers have caused most people to be lazy.
without the internet planning vacations would be close to impossible.
websites are invented on the main idea of communicating.
she knows that it will be hard and take time, but in the end she will achieve approval and happiness.
not just because they can learn far greater with a book as a resource, but that the two congressional laws say it should be
and he thought he was seeing things good thing he checked it out.
would they put more candy to make the world fat?
people should at least be trusted enough to use their own conscience.
books and movies are a way for many people to use their imagination and creativity.
dear readers, i understand some people are concerned that people spend too much time on the computer and that it is bad.
people gamble through online poker.
went up to the main desk and started complaining.
in some cases, cuss words are good for a story.
obesity is a huge problem among the children in .
so, society needs to put a strict rule on what libraries carry and what they do not.
do you think computers have a negative effect on people?
in the essay, do not exceed posted speed limit there are many features of the setting that greatly affect the cyclist.
out of people said they like typing on the computer more then writing it on .
next couple of years from now people will want to get rid of something else then, something else.
in conclusion libraries are very nifty and important to the town or city.
this was how the the features and setting affects him in many ways.
thought would be nice to welcome her in his house with a familiar setting.
in my opinion all people will always use the computer because it is the way of life now a days.
though television is a very useful thing, if we see it continuously it can affect our eye-sight.
when i have a school project on a famous person or somewhere in the world i know that the computer will give me more information than a book.
dear , i believe that going on the computer has a positive effect on people.
communication online has made huge impact worldwide.
they allow you to store information.
he also explains about his family and what they meant to him.
but, the author did not write the book to tell everyone about her experience.
i am writing to you convince that computers have a positive effect on people.
it ranges from no censorship to complete censorship, my view be just one of many.
but what if you wanted to get more information about it.
those who complain are only making more work for themselves.
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever if you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
what would we do without them.
the harder the terrain, the harder for the cyclist.
hobby is constructive.
the are endless.
hes riding a like in the middle of summer with little water and in the desert.
typing is often faster than writing, and is always easier to read.
also post and pictures on the internet not always be appropriate.
libraries is a place where all sorts of literature comes together in one place where it can be seen and read by those who admire literature.
the winter made her sad longing even more for home.
now, who would want their child listening to songs that make it seem like drinking, doing drugs, and other various risky activities are okay?
it is very hard to keep up!
imagine if an woman brought her daughter of years into the library to find information about a school project.
and for adults when you work with big companies you work with people all around the world.
another reason that the materials should stay on the shelf is because many people like different things.
these are the people who progress to make the best medicine cars and computers.
is a tool that of our nations used.
so if we take away the offensive material we would never get to learn more about or know where came from.
literature are there for us, they teach us, and if if one was taken away, it would start a riot.
this means you will have time for anything.
if they look for books and can not find a subject that interests them they will not read.
there is really no way to avoid offending someone without completely clearing the walls and shelves of a library.
for even some business man its an way to have meetings without flying miles.
i believe computers are supposed to be used for positive things not negative things.
i think that libraries should not remove material such as book, music, movies, magazines.
many things on the cyclist journey affected him.
for example: : want to go ride bikes?
i know there are plenty of good books, magazines, and music out there.
the text states that, it was yet another old friend, a small shrub with waxy leaves and dainty flowers with purplish petals and white centers.
also what sets the tone is how talks about loving his parents, and how is grateful for them.
adults and children are becoming smarter each day.
no computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often.
this is final reason why i was concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer.
having computers would create more communication with some people and help keep in touch with family members.
if the library took that movie off of the shelves, they would lose business due to one person.
the firemen fought the flames bravely.
we need to enroll more and create more exercise equipment, but will people find out?
two days ago i did a video chat with my grandparents back in it was great.
i think the author concludes like this because its almost like a new beginning.
you can purchase plane tickets online and sometimes there are special discounts doing the web.
so i say keep computers here to stay.
in the beginning of his ride the cyclist is confident and is striving to reach the joys of .
once she realized that she needed to deal with change, she knew that she would need to try the driving test again.
we can find what is healthy to eat right away you can also get one of those fits for a computer.
its bad for kids, so stop it!
as soon as he puts the pebbles in his mouth to stop thinking about death and being thirsty, he sees a bait shop which saves his life.
the hills would make the trip more difficult.
it was there choice to pick it up and read it.
things like this will probably happen, and the kids will land up getting in trouble for not having the assignment turned in which is not even their fault.
it helps with communicating with other people.
instead, i believe the item should not be removed and stay on the shelves.
when you type, your fingers are moving all around the keyboard, creating hand muscles.
lastly, i think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to get on computers.
now i realize how bad that was towards colored people, so i behave nicely to them.
in the reading it says, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
the has the highest number of obese citizens in the world.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because of some causes.
why not just call or meet up with person, instead of using the computers?
he looks for a place to cool off and get water, which he finally does in the end.
you could even keep in touch with them from .
i think this because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, used as a great tool with school work, or work purposes.
ever went to the library and seen a book that was to graphic for a certain section.
they live on the other side of the .
in experience, mother has taken part in censoring me from offensive materials from a very young age.
everyone has their on thoughts on things.
she asked the other students to be kind to me.
in the horrible degree heat the narrator gulps down his water bottles at such a rate that hes at risk of running out.
dear local newspaper, people spend to much time on the computer.
to talk to our friends or even to talk to other people in the world.
guess is terrible.
just remember online you can be whoever you wont to be you could be only ten, but say your .
that the radio play.
so that is my input on the situation.
some people, their jobs are on computers.
such as current events, the history of our nation and how our government works.
there are many reasons why i think that those books, movies, music, and magazines should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
to the editor of the daily newspaper, i strongly believe that computers have a negative affect on people of all ages.
also if you somewhere faraway you can watch videos about that place.
but luckily the author thoughts changed after he found a supply of water, the features did affect the cyclist very much.
although it is a good thing for parents to have a voice and stand up for what they believe, books should not be banned.
some from their own experience and some made up.
dear , computers have a positive impact on people.
in the story it says that she failed her test and then she bought a plant that reminded her of her old life.
put a stop to this right now!
in the hands of man.
they say that for people to talk online with other people.
all of these resources that kids can find that has this kinda of material in it can be found in libraries.
as a personal example, i can see that novels and books over war are heavily criticized.
this is due to censorship.
they cannot take offense to what we have to say, because worse has been said about them than what we can possibly put in a book.
the computer hold lots of information but does it always hold the right information?
i have to face this problem every day.
children can learn like this.
their are also on line like the and magazines like time.
i believe the author ended this story with this paragraph because life lives on.
this is inevitable.
he took advice from old people to do it.
instead of looking through various books and encyclopedias researching, why not search the topic?
the government will take notice and ban these books or worse remove all books forever just like what happened in .
some people import mangoes.
most families however, do have computers.
so, in conclusion, i believe that computers are good use.
he admired their courage.
secondly, talk to family and friends without having to spend money.
new friends can be made everyday.
its not up to me weather the materials should be removed from the library shelves.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is great .
the technology of computers to learn about the far away places.
second, it lets people communicate with other people.
so now you are sitting around the computer eating.
dell, , and so many other computer companies sell computers at ridiculously expensive prices.
i told you why i thought they did and how.
the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting.
i wonder what it will be like?
if they do not read books about how slaves were treated, they will never know about the slaves.
censoring or removing materials from libraries remains a hot topic today.
everyone has things that would offend them, whether they admit it or not.
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these culture came together in great solidarity and friendship.
this is why the story ends like that.
this would cause a lot of people to stop reading and learning.
this is great, its so convenient to be to go an instant message.
there is nothing to worry about.
teens learn to type to make life easier.
talk to your relatives from and you can shopping without the waiting in line.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the offensive content should not be removed from libraries because it is usually in a mature section and it has a right to be there.
it restrict the of the audience and of the writer, which prevents growing experiences for both.
the heat in desert made the speaker thirsty causing him to drink all his water.
having trouble in school?
no, it is not good.
a lot of business people need it to work and last it is a good research engine.
music can define a person.
you can do this through via email.
a railway station is a very busy place.
i think the mood that is created by the author in this memoir is cheerful and welcoming.
it depends on a persons personal views or beliefs.
several main features include the cars lading town.
also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move.
friends use computers to keep contact after grade school or if they do not live nearby.
the sense of gentleness stays throughout the whole memoir because is always saying the good things about his life, not the bad.
(this is )
music that sends negative messages and contains a lot of cursing in the lyrics should be censored, in my opinion.
the theme of this story is adjusting to things in life.
if they began taking them off shelves because of vulgar things and things that offend people, then why do we have freedom of speech?
i could make that he said.
if we looked back in time, one would need to travel to a doctor and pay to have your problem checked out.
finally, society needs to back away from their computers, and stop into.
a place where people live and get shelter is a house, there are two kinds of houses.
it could hurt children or it could help their ability to grow.
also imagine going to work and not having a computer!
therefore, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
what path would you take
this piece of technology has so many benefits and positive effects on people that without it, everyone would be stupefied.
for example, not all kids like to eat corn.
he is also using energy which is making him sweat and drink more water.
you can search good trails to hike on that are near where you live.
yes and no, some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc, should be voted upon the citizens to be removed from shelves.
this was quite a challenge because a desert is very hot and dry, plus the author was riding his bike, making himself more thirsty and hot.
censorship in the libraries.
even though he had confidence the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
the poem the author speaks of his parents with great admiration.
what if your exercise happened to be hiking?
not being with the people you love not doing any activities you people need to get off that computer and do more in your life for.
you would be thrilled to be able to talk with them again.
dear , name us from , .
with the skills of typing you can work at places like the city of where they type every day and work hard.
the line is that computers are very helpful.
ended up staying with and getting married.
now you go out and make anyone that says computers are a horrible inventions you tell them exactly why computers are so important!
the author creates different moods throughout the entire excerpt.
that means that project should be real easy.
it helps people learn new things about different cultures.
so instead of banning them how about libraries and schools just sensor them.
this implies that she is putting more effort in to what she do in her new environment and settings.
and last but not least.
they bring us information at amazing speeds.
he wishes that he would choke on one because he feels so useless.
i think that the library is a place where people can go and research information.
well its not; banning books, music, etc.
sometimes books can cause things to happen in families.
her physical health was in danger because of her dehydration and her lack of energy.
you can look up stuff on the for your homework and other stuff.
i have had my experience with books who are offensive to me.
i know that everyone is not the same and feel the same about everything.
begging brings a bad name to the society and country.
he recalls past neighbors, and surrogate grandparents, his aunts and cousins.
the books someone decides to read is up to that particular reader.
he writes horror but displays gore and a lot of sexual content in his writing.
he was riding along on a route he had little confidence would end up anywhere.
for example, .
but do they really consider both sides?
some of these things will cause people to be offended without trying to be.
if you want to learn another language you can learn an entire language on your computer.
you can watch all types of movies.
computers allow people to talk to online with other people.
his father also lives with him.
if you start taking away these things, libraries are only going to become vacant.
other mothers and fathers are the same way, as i found out.
then the bell rang.
dear editor, computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race.
by doing this he expects a better
a computer gives you anything you need in a matter of seconds.
in conclusion, i believe the computer is great need for our society.
none of my friends would have seen or told me about it.
this is important because when kids get bullied the feel bad about themselves.
he talks about how his parents taught him how to cook.
they give her the christian name florence, to remember her place of birth.
it would also be taking away the artists' or authors' freedom of speech and expression.
the strong heat, because the cyclist could bare had a heat stroke.
children are very naive at a young age.
far from the reach where kids and children are able to access.
the author is very grateful for how his parents gave him a home and taught him what a family really was.
she was not happy at all, i had no clue what she was doing.
human beings, like snowflakes, are very much alike in a unique way.
but being in the desert on a bike with no water, and you are last, is quite bad.
that was a very dark period in history.
no matter how hard the task is, we should keep trying until we succeed.
people can also also contact other people.
they help you keep in touch with friends and save you money.
for example, if someone found the interesting they want to just do some research to learn more about it.
the author leads is know that the little girl cares about the test, and wants to prove to show people that she can pass it.
they let people talk to each other.
the possibility of defeat should not unnerve us.
the whole human ace would be in chaos.
also people want to learn the lyrics to the song.
take of for example.
i can connect to this because i had a relative, who admitted that he gained at least five pounds.
mostly everyone would like to meet people.
no, i think that if a person is offended by it then they should not get it.
it is very thin and weak.
if the world would just get over the harsh things of the books we can all come up with a solution.
well, think of it this way.
so do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone
it could be anyone.
books with the wrong kind of words in it should be kept safe or there should be a age to where you can get it.
but magazines are different, they show like the styles, and life stories of others.
dear local newspaper, you have a computer at home?
the reason why computers have a positive effect is because you work your eyes and while you are typing you are exercising your hands.
the computer is a great, easy way to keep organized.
no one puts a gun to our head and says, ' this book or you will die.'
and are many ways to chat with people like over the phone on a cell phone.
censorship in the library is to find books for everyone to read.
well, everyone knows the same old question ' do babies come from?'.
books that have politically incorrect messages are in no sense better than movies that achieve the same goal.
there were people of all ages outside the ticket window.
many people become obese because they were born with this technology and after years, or even days of sitting in front of their computer, they become lazy.
in the end, computers are great if used in regulation.
many people that i know, have learned how to use the computer or type without anyone telling them hour to do so.
so the internet can also be a way of saving money.
the community was close, so everyone felt like family.
punctuality means doing something at the fixed or appointed time.
football, volleyball, cricket, running, and swimming are a few such games and sports.
this shows the author is grateful for his parents' endurance to come to .
the effects computers have on people are only negative.
the features of no buildings, no people and no cars, affect on the rider is that he feels helpless when he is low on water.
teenagers should be aloud to watch kid movies and teen movies.
the things kids see they soon try out.
the author did a great job fixing these into the story to make it flow very well.
computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress.
the world cannot afford to censor.
also, surfing the web for news or funny videos is fun sometimes.
computers normally have effects like this on the people that use them.
is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway.
that and the lack of water.
i could make that.
to whom it concern: the idea of censoring books, music, movies, or anything else from libraries or from the public eye is very offensive.
the author ends the story with the given paragraph to get across.
most of it is very helpful information.
if you speak out against a powerful figure, you go to jail.
reading is the fundamental basis for each and every school subject.
of people in would floor.
it just means they have different beliefs.
we as have the right to say what we want, and do as long as it is within the laws.
censorship should not take part in any library.
in the story winter hibiscus the author ends the story in a way that shows that she wants to start fresh.
so just take pictures of celebrity and put them on the magazine as their real size or take them off the shelves.
people have different criteria when it comes to deciding a level of offensiveness.
can you take these ideas away from those who wish to think them?
for those reasons materials should not be removed.
well this is what i had to do.
it is all about choices.
without the computer everything would become so time consuming that no one would want to get the work done.
i made sure my parents were not home when i watched it.
it is easy for the children to look at books for them and for adults to do the same.
the setting of this story plays a huge part in the final outcome.
such as anything with nudity or adult content.
last year, we had a science assignment to figure out how our heart beats faster.
this made him despair.
hopefully, my supported reasons have given you another view on surfing the web.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, affected the cyclist greatly.
overall, this memoir had a very positive and happy mood.
the flood of memories that came back to her when she purchases the hibiscus, are obviously painful and part of her everyday life.
dear , i have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in .
we turned around and saw a little boy struggling in the pool.
they need to let others think for themselves and let them read what they want to.
most people, with books, figure out early what genre of books, which authors, and how long of books they like.
i feel that he wrote this because of his personal experience and it could relate to others
in fact, of must teens do so.
if we allow people to censor what we read, then how can we say that their is a book for everyone to like?
to me things would possibly change if we get all the naughty things out of book,magazines,music.
overall, one would think that computers have a mostly positive effect on the world.
course not, and do you want to miss your flight for vacation?
if you said no i can tell you how.
another issue libraries have is music and movies.
parents need to quit thinking they can get their child to believe there is nothing bad in the world.
i think that books should not be pulled from the self because they have a few bad words in them.
everywhere a person goes, there is always a media source.
i think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world.
say your a catcher, and then catch it.
it just depends on how you feel about what has been written.
reading, and writing is a wonderful thing to do and has been around longer than any human will ever know.
that be true, but also remember what its doing for society.
a is that everyone wants to share their event with the family.
another bad thing about , or is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teens to a meeting place where they can be kidnapped.
stories from grandparents only take a person back about years; we need sources that can take us back thousands of years.
tower defense games make us make better decisions.
i had the same reaction.
at this point he was very thirsty and felt his death was near.
now what about your social life computers can be a helpful resource in many ways, but not if you let them become a destruction.
one way is the heat caused him to drink more then her ran out of water.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the rougher the terrain got the more the cyclist had to strain to make it.
there are also many books out there that have a large deal to do with very mature themes.
you get facts reviews about the place.
seems like everything went wrong for this man but he still made it.
a few years back, my mom stopped taking my brother and i to the library.
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
they went to change their golden moments of their life into money.
some country singers can be like that to because all the sing about is getting drunk then having sex.
he is so relieved he cant believe his luck.
if someone is making a project at a school.
libraries should not censor them.
she helps me to understand and learn my lessons easily.
in my opinion no book should be censored from the library.
if a student to do a presentation on something they would want to know more about it and look,the topic up.
also the computer can teach you lots of thing.
you have no right to take that away from someone.
i can agree, with there, but i truly believe that computers can have a positive effect on society if used correctly.
educational tours arranged by schools promote interstate and international goodwill.
honestly sitting in a chair all day will cause you to not be active and gain weight.
they tried to shove religion down my throat.
dear , do people benefit from the use of computers.
in this essay i would like to discuss both views on these censored books, and why i believe they should be censored.
who knows, it takes a little bit for a squad car to get around, even longer if your in a city.
also, you probably will need a computer in college.
we come in contact with other people traveling.
the books, magazines, and movies that influence people to think differently about themselves need to go away for good.
i stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she is comforted by the memories of her homeland and really appreciates the beauty of tropical plants.
we need to put a stop to this abuse of computers.
in paragraph the cyclist mentions how old men looked at his map and pointed out this breezy jaunt.
but it is the misuse of time.
if you needed to contact somebody you could do it using a computer.
as you can see, there is absolutely no reason to remove offensive books, music, or movies.
many people love to read stuff that other people might find offensive.
another example is that he was filled with joy and happiness just because of who is family and neighbors were and how he spent his life living around them.
you should always think things out before you take action, just to be safe.
some might not like comedy because of some of the rude humor.
also, with the economy at a downfall, it is the cheaper way to go.
she ends with this statement to say that it is a new season and a new beginning for her into her new life.
if you removed everything that offended anyone, it would be harder to teach younger generations to decided what is right and wrong by themselves.
how do you determine what should be censored?
you can find this all out on the computer.
its like drugs they are so easy to get.
i have seen survey that say out of spend more than hours a day on computers.
the trip was very different from what he had expected.
all of this stuff teaches you how people are different and no one person is the same.
now more than ever before people are bulling.
a third reason computers not be help society you can see, i feel very strongly about the negative effects that computers have on society, for many reason.
this quote helps show that the hibiscus is being planted now, but come spring it will have changed color and have bloomed.
think about the a day doing fat because of all the fast food on the computer while eating it.
another problem people encounter with the internet is being too focused.
finally, computers are harmful because they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle.
if music and movies were at libraries their would be no need for books and people would stop buying books.
also, from different types of reading, censorship has definitely become a serious issue, but it should be abolished.
censoring a book is taking that persons ability to learn about, and understand a certain topic that was censored.
these great qualities computers have for people are fantastic.
that is why most public libraries are split into children and adult sections.
from many thoughts and arguments people disagree with the school libraries.
this will be her goal for the winter, till spring comes!
one of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research.
everyone has a different view of books.
the internet also is a valuable research tool.
everybody is different in their own way and everyone has their own interests and opinions.
the children buy ice-cream, toys, sweets, and candies.
first, i think that computers can sometimes make you smarter.
we were outside every single day, even if we were just staring into the clouds.
form what i have seen, someone want, for example, a book about taken off the shelf because they are and might not support their religious ways.
every book in one way or another would offend someone.
they believe that this material will convey a message that it is alright to do what these books and music are saying.
i remember meeting the girl.
the books at the library are on a shelf and little kids grab them everyday so why cant they read them if there in their sight.
there is death and violence in the movie, along with a brief flash of nudity.
while computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society?
does that mean they should be limited by a public place, such as a library?
computers also lead friendship torn apart.
when the computer know that it benefits our society.
there is an answer for this, books should not be burned they are master pieces.
therefore, by letting someone else decide what is appropriate for you to read, you are giving up your freedom.
statistics show that of people that listened to the radio were in cars.
here she is accepting the changes and giving her new home another chance.
its just a person point of view let them be them and just stick with what you think of yourselves and in your believes.
also with so many computers it creates jobs.
the features in the setting greatly affect the cyclist, the setting was hot and rough terrain and he was tired and thirsty.
dear , , my name is and i think that everyone has a right to there own opinion.
but a few days lapse may make him unfit, for any cure, even with costly drugs.
i think that everything in libraries are very important and who is to know that everybody wants this to happen.
yes but, you will be learning some interesting things on how the internet works.
so, which would you choose - losing your family relations or keeping in touch via email and computer applications?
those are my reasons why computers are good.
i have computers, but we have, books for a reason, no spank, pop ups, or no distractions while working.
the are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world.
they have to be used in moderation though, because exercise and staying healthy is good.
i walked into my living room.
even if your just looking to talk to someone you can easily do that on the internet.
the fact that there was nothing around him, made the author lose hope and trust.
that decision, however, is up to the parents.
i think that there could be some things adults can read and some things kids can read.
the cyclist was losing hope, yet he was still determined to find water.
i say it can be an advantage because it is giving people a chance to experience above and beyond what they are learning.
we also a challenge in middle school to see which school could read the most.
many people have stopped going out with friends and family due to going on the computer.
they provide us timber (wood) for building our houses and making furniture.
there are millions of libraries throughout the world and thousands of items in each of those libraries.
there is a small garden in front of my house.
she said, that rich, sweet scent that was familiar too.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a good mood.
these documents should be high profile secure areas
take away computers and people will die alone and sad.
the child had to get a pair of special glasses so that he could see better.
he handed it to me and i just lost it, the book was not a children book at all.
a computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera.
in the story a cyclist is riding his bike and takes directions from some old men.
but if i go to the instant message website then i can talk to her as much as i want.
if everyone decided to take one book or movie they think was inappropriate off the shelf, there would be nothing left in the library.
have you ever seen a child watch a scary movie that was ?
my letter to you was to show you on my opinion on what i think should be in a library or not.
a man find a book offensive to him or his family but another man just like him find the book funny and joke about it.
you can use the computer to learn when is the best times to visit that place.
drug use , school dropouts , and crime rates our highly because of these same video games children our getting off the shelf.
do you want this rate to increase in the next ten years?
everyday i go on the computer i learn something new.
now, it can also give you facts opinions, pictures, videos, and movies about faraway places.
many people know that children are most likely to want to do exactly the opposite of what they are told to do.
as a part of the community libraries should take apart in the well being of the children and not expose them to information earlier than necessary.
going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all.
i eased fast, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
what would have taken days to get here now takes minutes or maybe even seconds.
there is nothing that can be done its over with.
and nobody should ever try to take that away.
it is not the library to blame, but your own.
if libraries have books that are censored they should put them on a shelf just for censored books so adults could still be able to read them.
teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word.
the setting of the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit effects the cyclists physical and emotional attitude.
that way there would be no problems.
if he had been almost anywhere else, his journey could have been much better.
more and more people are making less effort to see people in person.
without driving all the way to the store & wasting gas & polluting the air.
so, as you can see computers really are needed.
i loved each moment of it.
it is the final closure and will most likely be remembered by the reader.
this information is very harmful and should not be allowed to children.
am i right?
so when these kids see the movie stars they envy and video games they enjoy harming other people they will pick up on the violence and do it themselves.
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
before much technology, people used to plant gardens, and trees, but now that thought hardly crosses our minds.
when the snows melt and the geese situation and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
i once spent hours on my computer on .
as far as movies, they are already rated on a decent scale.
if the book is rated , you must be over the age of seventeen to read it.
also some of the information might not even be true.
i think censorship should somewhat be in libraries, but not to the extreme.
our is written on the pages of literature.
adults are also affected by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or any other role model use inappropriate behavior.
it is a great thing to bring some light to their dark world.
so come on down to the council on and vote for the new of the !
when i was in middle school, i was a shy, fragile, young girl.
also, staring at a screen all day is bad for your eyes, and brain.
he earns through the sweat of his brow but he never complains.
the lack of water also mad it difficult for him.
many kids, not mostly boys, to what i see at school are absolutely loving online gaming.
from learning to chatting, computers are a great way to chat with friends and even do homework.
do you want your child to be the outsider?
i am not saying to stop using computers.
computers are a main factor in the vast increase in obesity rates.
clearly people get mad and upset when reading, listening, or watching these materials, but this is what makes us who we are.
well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school.
and discovering the latest news.
not only has this computer crashed once, but twice!
if these children do not listen, we need to do something about it.
i hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in , and are a great learning tool.
i think this because in the passage it says there were no cars.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist with his train of thought.
our libraries are set up just fine the way they are and i feel we should not try to change the libraries in any way.
so computers are a good thing and a bad thing.
plants and animals too need water to survive.
we should be able to communicate to our friends and family out of people in our school think having a computer is good.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
the story was ended like this to show that the girl will have a new beginning.
said , a science teacher at .
all of these road blocks in the setting affected the cyclist.
such as political cartoon.
the cyclist just thought his life got a little easier.
when it blooms, she will have a true piece of home with her, and will be able to take the test again.
you can play all types of different games and get pictures and its is good to do your homework.
looking up places in sometimes.
just set good examples to help people not get those things that could be offensive
there are over students at .
some people say they are good for research and talking to people.
earlier on in the story it shows that when she gets in trouble, she rubs the plant leaves in her hands to help her overcome the problem.
many think that music is not as bad as movies because you can not see anything visually, but they are wrong.
people speak about computer literacy, computer courses,
kids are fold to type their papers, which lets them finish faster.
do people take offensive books serious.
i can type a that big in about minutes because it have been typing in other .
in bookstores or even libraries, they have some books on the shelves that can be considered inappropriate.
teens become in their society lives and become to their computers.
is grateful that his parents struggled just to make life easier or better for their children.
dear, newspaper people should use less time on the computer because it effects their lifestyle.
i hope not because there is a chance that they will or will not get .
i see the little plants grow.
above all, computers help you connect with old friends who have moved away or parted ways earlier in life.
poverty often takes over the situation with a side of racism and discrimination occasionally.
the author concludes the winter hibiscus with that paragraph to show the narrator realizes that even though shes in a new country, some things are still the same.
the effect computers have an people are that they help and benefit the society.
it just depends how sensitive people are.
why take away what they like in not what you like.
libraries are for people to come in and should be expected to enjoy something, whether it be a book, movie or magazine.
you are you ?
all things in the world are not strictly black and white.
people find things offensive everyday.
you also read about new subjects and learn new things on computers possibly helping you in your classes or.
they showed me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basis of my life.
if your a busy parent, with kids, you can work online.
i want to read something that is going to grab my attention, and make me want to keep reading.
the reason these citizens use internet is to get the information about the hotel and vacation cite.
but i think as much i did properly interpret the aspect of what this is supposed to mean overall.
the messages are all the same in each type of media: sex, drugs, and violence.
plus fathers or moms in the military can talk with their kids.
last, computers can help you correct with friends and family members.
if you do that for week you will be very tired and sleepy.
there are many reasons that this should not be passed.
now a days we do a lot of online shopping.
children and teenagers should also be mature enough to be exposed to all of the books, movies, and magazines.
in the same store there is a music section and there are children in it all the time.
also if you having a piece of writing like your rough draft so why spend the time trying to write really neat and perfect?
almost of people in other countries be very lonely because all they is play on the computer and forget about other people.
libraries contain many different selections of books, music, and magazines.
this can be stopped if we all join together.
with book, you can also like never before.
i could be an older man or women trying to get a hold of you so they can probably kidnap you.
within a school corporation the environment changes, and the rules must be changed as well.
we wrapped him in a towel and asked him to relax.
the principal read out the annual report.
a library is a place of education and learning.
some people prefer to write than type but other people prefer to type than write.
it varies from kids, fiction, and nonfiction.
other people are upset because they think the libraries are offending their culture or way of life.
if it survives she knows that she too will survive, and life goes on.
with a simple click of a button you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question.
you could just search through your bookshelf to find an almanac.
during school kids have projects and without computers.
i do not believe so.
you also have to be very quite.
besides searching for information, computers can be used to document data of your own.
thus, goes on the season’s cycle.
you can not take everything out to please one person, because it could make another person mad
do you, the fair people our nation, wish to be responsible for such a catastrophe!
dear local newspaper, i think the effects that computers have on people are bad, and should be stopped.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society.
to her it is a symbol of strength and comfort.
no literature should be censored, not even the most radical, magical, or fictional.
doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures.
we need to find a balance.
my grandma said to my mom.
also, you can learn about local upcoming events, and about the world around you.
she applied for the clubs and groups, and she started getting behind in school.
third, where he talks about his neighborhood.
as, you can see a computer is so helpful and is a great resource.
therefore, the computer has so many things that can benefit you and the world with everything it has to offer.
these are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends.
there are many to choose from like videos, movies, , , games anything that is suitable for the user or users of the computer.
are there materials that are acceptable for adults, but not kids?
the problem is, not many people do that.
through out this memoir i think he has realized and is explaining what family really is and that he is grateful for having one.
if you see something on television with your favorite actor or actress on it, we tend to believe it is acceptable behavior.
in conclusion censoring libraries is a bad idea.
this a very good thing, but some things need to be upheld from those too young to understand the meaning of them.
all these things make up peoples lives.
but then, they would have no books left on the book shelf for any of them to read.
well if you are than you need to listen to this upcoming message.
i wrote this letter to tell you that there are some good things about going on the computer.
overall, they have a good effect on the world.
when it comes to music these days, it seems they always sing about love, being hurt physically and mentally, and so on.
another reason he is proud is because his parents would help give so many people home to stay in.
though, granted, our society is certainly not headed for that any time soon, if ever: it is still a valid point.
that includes children.
computers and other devices are good for humans especially young people like myself because they are good for communication, keeping the attention of the and providing unknown information.
the terrain began to change and the speaker became doubtful of the old man that that directed him towards the shortcut.
in , they had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find.
when someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to.
you cannot reword whats been written.
my doll is a beautiful teddy – bear.
other peoples parents feel the same way.
therefore she feels that she disappointed her mother and herself.
he advises us in every moment of difficulty.
he describes in good detail all the sacrifices his parents made for him.
but, they all did also agree on the fact that they really do not have the right to remove them from the shelves.
is a little bit different with a student though.
computers increase math skills and hand eye coordination to!
what kind of message are we trying to send to them?
the author should be the judge on whether or not they want there book censored.
these are merely a few ways that the internet helps with schooling.
he tries to find out the reason and guides us.
but movies show you how bad things are shown.
think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites.
dear of the , has come to my attention that several people are concerned with the technology boom and computer overuse.
in the library i have noticed that there are a few literature materials that are not suitable for a younger age group.
my second reason is that people go to inappropriate sites and watch inappropriate videos.
this makes me think of drama.
some books be offensive in religious ways.
those days computers have all the websites like , , twitter, and others.
, , and are great ways to keep in touch with other people!
the problem is, many people are on way too much.
when it comes to looking at magazines, movies, and music i still have the same opinion to a certain aspect.
have you ever picked up a piece of material while in a library and it offended you?
i will tell you some of the reasons why i this.
i got up end did it too.
like wise to the physical treatment, computers an relief.
the applications that i mostly use are , , and .
despair is writ large on their faces.
as for me being catholic there is a codex of forbidden books that is a list of books that i am not supposed to read as a good catholic.
that their parents swear up and down you cannot understand.
to prove there over twenty .
in do not exceed posted speed limit by , the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
you just sit on a hard chair, looking at an electronics device that is going to take you no where in life.
i was taken to its class of the primary section.
he looks foolish clown but actually he is a skilled artist.
other things could teach you remarkable hand eye coordination and other great sources to about other place then the computer.
every time you walk into a library, you are surrounded with books and other learning or reading material.
if a parent does this to their child, it just sheltering them from the world around them.
in addition, computers are a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
if we do not have any books then are eyes would be bad.
to this day i have no social life and no job because i spent more time socializing with the computer than people.
i think the effects computers have on people are beneficial for everyone who uses one.
i thanked her and then completed my work.
he was having heaps of books on all sides of his table and in shelves.
mr. kailash is a popular person.
effects from computers can be very negative and not beneficial at all.
the quotation ' all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
also just to have everyone united as one and be thankful for my culture and it kind of makes me want to explore my culture and express it more.
i personally think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
even though they had to change jobs and take any possible work.
in the quote, the cyclist finally thinks he has found a water pump but he really gets nothing.
first, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things.
the cyclist feared many dangerous challenges in his journey.
a lot of people use computers in present day.
i would hate to do that.
i believe it should be handled well mannered and it should be moved, to a not so easy reach to a five year old.
do you find the show the offensive?
this put him at a great risk for dehydration, which he tells the reader he reaches in the last time of paragraph ten.
the author goes to describe his family, which were loving but poor.
secondly, there are people like me who are not offended at all from these books, music, and movies.
that mean that there were a happy and friendly family.
have a question that you have to ask a friend, but someone else is using the phone?
he finally get happy when he reaches the bait shop and he got his drink.
mainly with all the nudity and foul words that they show.
it also teaches you how to type fast.
children exposed to at least hours a day to compared to the few who spend their time outdoors are times as likely to develop such possibilities.
the rough terrain also makes it hard for him to pedal and he is already weak from lack of water.
this shows that he is grateful for what he received and the mood is very joyful.
many people use this device to book vacation, talk and build relationship people and to discover new ideas the world have to make the disagree strongly.
even as adults some of them like to read in there free time.
they would be the kind of people who uses the computer or a different electronic a lot.
just going to a family house, you can be interacting.
soon, you would be able to type a certain amount of words in a short amount of time.
there for if the consumer takes it off the shelf, its there risk of being offended.
art should not be censored at all.
finally , inappropriate media should be pulled off library shelves because our world could be a better place without it.
there are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites.
you can do something with them online.
in this essay i will explain my opinion and hopefully change other peoples opinions.
for our sake , and our children .
the different sounds of music are based off generations.
my parents always kept their arms and their doors open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us.
people that want to say something about what the language is like in the book should not have checked it out.
it ruins your marriage if you are married.
if there is a song that you dislike, then don' listen to it.
well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as .
of have been reconnected using social networking site on a computer.
this is the issue with taking books off the shelves.
what about the adults who find no harm in seeing or hearing these things?
call me and we will talk this through.
as my conclusion i know that computers are good to have in peoples houses.
there are a variety of things to do rather than staying glued to the computer the whole day.
for example , , and yahoo.
also if you want to find good hotels you can use the computer for that.
but they had faith that they would prosper.
people need to realize these bad effects, and majorly decrease their computer usage.
that is the mood the author gives off in the memoir.
i do believe that all of these materials should stay on the shelves of our libraries.
censoring the libraries would not be a good idea and it would most likely upset many people.
okay, okay, okay.
you would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts.
in spite of being rich he is not arrogant.
also i would not care if the policy in the library was not the right way to run it.
computers can and will take away family and friend time.
by having the hibiscus plant with her, it gave her memories of her old life and strength to continue with her new one.
there are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers.
people should not take it seriously about books or other source because it can be nonfiction are fiction.
stay away from scares and things, they will came some people find the internet could be there from work or sites.
the main idea here is preferences.
such as rated movies that contain things like drug use, sexual content, and extreme violence.
throughout the book there is foul language used that is considered offensive to some.
the word definition of allegory is a story within a story.
but those books about war are probably books about history.
it makes him become very dehydrated.
with computer you can now send a letter faster then before.
this technology is taking away peoples freedom and will and they don' even notice it.
clearly, without computers life as we know it would be way different.
the freedom of press means that we can write whatever we want.
she got, stronger because she adjusted to her new home and new environment.
in my personal opinion, libraries would be better if books, magazines, movies, etc.
only because they are not the only people on the planet.
there was a great rush.
a person can find many things in life offensive to their personal views, but they can not just remove them.
his parent, did the very best they could for their family.
our founding fathers knew this and took it with them while writing the , and now we have a that protects all our information.
we are very lucky to have a good neighbor.
i feel that most of the music and movies on shelves anywhere should be taken off.
luckily her mother brought her to fast enough to be put on life support for hours.
since the whole story portrays this mood, i will tell you some reasons why.
it is a part of the very structure of our country to allow all information to be shared freely.
a library is a place where anyone can go to find information on something, find an interesting read, or just relax.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or a structure of any kind.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries to avoid offensive history, books, or newspaper articles.
should we have censorship in our libraries?
all he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game.
if a certain book offends you then you ' have to .
books, although very rarely, have been banned from libraries and censored from the entire world.
this would not be possible if they censored all the material the offended somebody.
give your computer a break.
dear , the effect that computers have on people is not a positive one.
he comes to a water pump that gives him battery acid.
until that happens, i hope they do not censor their materials.
no, a child should probably not, in my opinion, be reading about adult things such as sex.
this is my second reason.
young parents i do believe is one of the reasons kids know about these movies, books, music, and magazines.
the features in the story changed the speakers mood throughout his journey.
however, that is the way people in that time spoke.
i remember the time when i read an online novel and my whole body was ready to go and play.
my final reason, kids get tired from being on the computer for so long.
i you cant get if then you will be forced to get it by stealing.
finally is the tumbleweeds.
some might find it offensive and others not.
prevents you from exercising, seeing friends and family, and cam impact lives in a bad way.
it also has many games that and learn our vocab words.
also, you can go on google and type in anything you want and it will give you the answer.
first, it be a book, movie, or magazine that someone plans on reading, and removing an item will let down the customer.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
computers have a massive affect on some peoples life.
there are many times in the memoir when author created a mood.
books can be good things, but are they always good?
this was affecting the cyclist because he was tired, hot, and getting dehydrated.
they need to go out and enjoy nature.
i think this because nobody should be offended by anything.
you could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone.
well at the easy access of internet on a computer, you can buy all those items and more.
but using electricity is the start.
i think at least of these people spend to much time on the computer and not exercising.
the flowers laden with dew merrily wave their heads and spread their fragrance.
the computer is also a great place for friends to contact each other through social networking sites, such as , and .
of the shelf of a library, or anywhere else those items are displayed.
also it would not matter to me how the library is run.
florence worked day and night and put everything right within a few weeks.
the queue was broken.
but they can also be used for researching anything you can imagine.
like i said you can do anything.
players carry off the ball and then try to pass it through the goalposts of the opposite teams.
i personally think computers have a positive effect on people because with computers many people research about the past.
thirdly he became so overheated that it was possible for him to suffer a heat stroke in the middle of nowhere.
to go and learn what you already know
maybe you have to catch up on your nightly reading for language arts and you want start reading your goal book.
dear , a world without computers.
for me i think it is.
i explained to her in the best of my ability the life of and this was important to me.
in the excerpt the mood created by the author is love.
not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people.
he started getting desperate for water, so he drank out of this hot water hole.
they provide the public in another way to find a new or another job.
these are some good pros.
one was complaining how the farm books never get messed with.
i think this because , you use computers for school projects.
walking into a room where people of all are learning about computers are helpful to individual because the can learn about places.
not only books but music or movies.
the thing is computers help us with our everyday life.
say if there is a book discriminating a race than i agree that it should be taken off the shelves.
so keep computers!
the idea of censoring items from children based on offense is not something that should be pursued
a world without computers would be so much different than the world we live in today.
for example, my family owns four computers.
there are a lot of books like that out there and we need to hide them from the children of our society.
thirdly, if you count he amount of time you use on he computer of other technology devices then you will be fine.
i am telling you we need to address this matter.
such areas are dry, sandy and very hot.
the cyclist says were replaced by short, rolling hills.
and you would feel like a tourist.
while reading this many people probably became more appreciative for what their parents did and provided for them.
our librarian is also very helpful.
thank you for your time.
in some places books that are banned to other places are celebrated.
should certain materials be removed from the shelves of the library that are found offensive?
censorship is important, but the entire banning of a certain piece of material is unjust.
no they not use computers more.
the book was about a guy who was out drinking, the guy had know other way home than to drive.
the trains were moving very fast and people were travelling, hanging by the bars of the foot-boards.
also i would not care if i had to be quiet in the library it would not matter to me.
people can connect with others from all over the world.
the material they produce should be aloud to be seen by anyone of any age.
my opinion on this matter is that agree that computer are bad and people are spending.
computers are not all fun and games they help with other things as well.
every has the choice of what they pick up and listen to or read.
and lastly, more teens want do homework and wont succeed.
there is and like i said before you can even chat on social networking sites.
this is an example of how badly the terrain had effected him.
he kept trying over and over again and never gave up.
now someone can come along and say: ' if the book is a fantasy?'.
in conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers, and they need to stop!
this is why it is set too a sadly love mood.
modern time and the people who disagree enjoy some family and friends lives far away and you cant talk to them in person.
he got back on his bike and stuck pebbles into mouth.
movies are located at libraries as well.
this is why i agree with computers.
also every year you hear someone or them, well most of the time it is because of .
at last, my brother came home and i was happy.
first the printer can break.
censorship is a very sensitive topic.
many jobs need you to be able to work well with your hands.
the cyclist in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit took the advice of older gentlemen who offered him a shortcut they knew to get to national park.
you search on !
the time is now to understand the full benefits of computers.
he was now fearing a heat stroke.
the violates the separation of church and state.
people would be even more offended than before in that case.
by tossing out certain literary works this right will be thrown to the side and by violating one constitutional right, what will come next?
we use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games!
last of all, computers are for our entertainment.
they are required by some to enjoy a good book.
if the people that are publishing and writing these articles in these magazines then yes, they can feel offensive about the things inside the magazine or books.
the author created this mood by telling the reader how grateful she was to her parents for their love and sacrifice.
these people need to get a change.
for example, my dad uses a computer for almost the whole day he is at work.
thank you for reading my paper local newspaper.
also, do you know it was offensive to them are you going to have them show you what was the problem with this book?
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because he was really thirsty and then the dry air with no town nearby made it even worse.
people should maintain a right to choose which books he or she want to read.
this is not good for a growing teen.
your boyfriend or girlfriend would dump you.
off the shelves just because of certain people.
a few include research, communication, and to have fun.
i believe that this was a good ending to the story.
in our society, there should not be an image that our children should try and sustain.
if someone is offended by one of these things i do not think that they should be removed off shelves or advertisements.
in my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers.
when the speaker says replaced he is trying to show a change of terrain.
entertainment can not always please everyone.
however, although computer can be such a good thing, it can be bad as well.
what would you do?
shows students write papers so faster and better with a computer rather than a typewriter.
it also helps us understand our life today and it helps us talk to people around the world.
the mood the author created in this memoir is very happy and relaxed.
do you realize what this means?
it is clear that the setting affected the cyclist in a very negative way.
even that have more mature students get offended sometimes from the books their reading in school.
so eventually the teacher had to change the report topic because not on student was able to find .
they let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly.
another way the cyclist is challenged is when he is almost out of water.
if they have a right to remove anything from the shelves, so does everyone.
he saw too many difficult in his way to get the place he wanted to be.
in conclusion that is how the features of setting affected the cyclist.
feeble protection is never good.
first of all, the cyclist is dehydrated from the heat and lack of water.
also there is a robot used that digs out mines which saves many lives.
it would be like them being in the room with you.
shows that of people in the go on the computer for help with their.
for example lets say that your doing a report on .
just because some people think that there are offensive materials in the library does not mean other people do.
my last reason is for designs every modern car that you drive, is originally from a computer.
i want to state a opinion on how computer effects people.
when i was in eighth grade, i was with some friends.
i spend at least half my day staring at a screen when i could be outside walking my dog with friends.
without computers it would be harder to neatly type assignments, print out pictures, and getting information.
everyone should have the right to these books, magazines, movies, and music.
engineers use programs on the computers to help design what they are going to build.
the answer is simple, it makes us feel connected.
but then, i got a and found her on there.
censorship is unacceptable in all forms in a free country that promotes civil rights.
to begin with, i wanted to talk about the complaints that friends have told me.
it allows people to stay in touch, learn about places and people, and to stay up to date with the latest local and global news.
i do not believe that movies, books, music, etc.
the galaxy in which our solar system lies is known as the milky way.
its to help move the story to a conclusion.
not just to him but to almost anybody.
they take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle.
thank you for your time, and i hope you take what i have said into consideration.
to answer the question , i agree strongly on getting the offensive materials moved from the shelves.
they should be things wait to see it.
they never go for a jog or eat healthy foods.
keeping a persons attention is critical.
i had an experience similar to this with my friend.
the arabian desert and the libyan desert are famous deserts of the world.
removing a book from a library is like removing hundreds of pages of knowledge.
you are just too young for this book.
our labs are well equipped.
depending on how secure it could be life or death.
wasting the time they could be improving homework or walking the dog the time is not bring donated to a good source.
just recently i read the book .
the internet can do all of those things.
by allowing the censoring of libraries it would decrease the amount of information available to the public.
all you need in life is a little imagination and a lot a help and love.
he had a covered basket in one hand a been (flute) in another.
at times people do not close the taps properly.
yet not all parents allow their twelve year old to watch a rated movie.
for me to do as my teacher asked i had to go to a public library and get the book.
but do you see that every day in this generation not at all.
the craftsmen were showing their skills.
there are many people who have games for their computer or download games off of websites.
this is an over whelming feeling because you can die from dehydration.
her mom seems to be bothered by every action or choice of her daughters.
lastly, i think the mood set by the author was happiness because had a lot of her family or close friends living either above or below them.
can these books be offensive?
these three themes set the mood of this memoir.
so, i returned the book to the library.
the social aspect of a computer is rising in popularity and many people are using computers to be social.
people believe if that the offensive material is shown then the watcher or reader will have bad thoughts about what they learned about.
we can talk to friends online, and we can learn about people from the past.
to we them because of that addicting computer.
the features of the setting affect of the cyclist because the setting changed so drastically.
clearly, this is a great benefit.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
if a child gets addicted to the computer it will affect how he interacts with other and do serious damage to their brain.
think about it your child could be out getting in trouble or be nice and safe at home playing on the computer.
did you ever turned on your .
it is just a matter of life.
for example in football they take any problems and use them as reasons to push themselves harder to finish the game.
another example would be the series.
finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies.
plus while so much you will be prone to using in , thus you with, nothing but a bad grade.
i want to learn knowledge about myself and where i come from.
we should let the computers be in the
in addition to all this some people can task and many things like hang out with there family and friend but most importantly enjoy life.
by concluding the story in that way it helps demonstrate the hope the hibiscus plant brought to her after she failed her drivers test.
the man who makes furniture using wood is called a carpenter.
so, why get rid of something that they will see anyways?
can also talk to her cousins, and , that live in .
she soon realizes that she is home, for things have come familiar to her, such as the v formation of the geese.
he makes it seem like not having any money is the best way to live.
things like that i think put a bad influence on younger teens.
he wanted to end the story on a positive note.
the library needs to make itself user friendly.
this made him hotter than he ???
also, it brings us together to have a family movie night.
once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report.
with that being said, children of all ages come into the library all the time and pick all kinds of material.
there is a great rush at the school canteen.
in fact computers help us out a lot.
do you think computers are helpful?
saves money and time!
more insulting than finding books of issues completely unrepresented was to find that they were treated so separately.
studies show that more adults are on computers, playing games than children.
the butterfly starts it’s life in an egg.
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
how does that really help?
the spring symbolizes normal because at home where she thinks is normal is covered with beautiful flowers, like spring.
prayer works wonders.
those are the reasons that create the authors mood in the memoir.
people would not stand for it.
i say that computers are addicting this is a fact of students spend most of there time on the computer.
so no matter what we should should never try and take offensive or any kind of book off the shelves of libraries.
the story says, plants that she had even realized she had known but forgotten drew her back into her childhood world (ho).
throughout the story, the author put in details, explained things, and painted pictures in your mind all to set the mood for the story.
with this system, everyone suffers.
i know i would become angry if that would happen to me.
the author chooses to end the story with this paragraph to get across the theme of acceptance and determination.
we have a choice about what to choose when we go into the library.
the other things you can figure it out on your own.
those people that are offended need to put whatever is down and move on.
then it started to get hot and he was out of water.
this shows how special the house was to him.
the one you love could be messing up because of the that you have in your house.
it would sometimes be a good idea not to search for something all night, or someones going to be mad at the electricity bill.
i believe though that every customer in the library should have the ability to choose what they want to read.
by taking certain books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves, we are limiting the amount of materials for people to borrow.
the library is a public area where anyone can visit to find a book, movie, or magazine of their desire.
around paragraph , the author begins to talk about his pride in the success and determination of his family.
the features of the setting have a great affect on the desperate travels of the weary cyclist.
the bad part is that if your on the computer all the time then you are neglecting time with family and friends.
you can also watch on there!
the removal or censorship of literary works would be a terrible decision that all would regret in the years to come.
he is enjoying every family moment.
for example, in the story it says, over one long crippling hill, a building came into view.
dear local newspaper, i think using a computer has become bad influence on modern society.
one of my favorite options on the computer is that you can use it to navigate a certain location you want to go to.
many today are obese and lazy.
i know that of the population of the , prefer computer sources over book sources because computers are so much easier when it comes to finding specific information.
they could make a section for adults that includes books that are not censored.
that book should be in the hands of someone with a mature mind that really knows right from wrong.
our government also realized the importance of trees.
many people world complain about it.
tennis also increase your heart rate & burn fat cells, to help you lose weight.
think about it.
a student may not like examination but he has to face it every year.
since then problem has grown to a point that we will never be able to control.
the plant gives an emblem of perseverance because it survives through the harsh winter.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
jobs use them everyday, connections are made by people, and education grows because of them.
that indicates a new beginning or starting over.
this park is just a short distance from my house.
finally, as i had somewhat mentioned earlier is that books are truly important.
but like the internet you can block things from those kids.
it would not be fair at all for us to rob our kids of the chance to read and learn from books.
plus act would be completely unconstitutional.
everyone has their own opinion and can make their own choice on what they want to read or what they do not want to read.
so should they be removed?
schools are using computers more and more now.
this quote also shows a loving mood as well.
this is why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
computers cause people to be lazy.
last but not least, most people don' eat healthy when they play video games or go on the computer.
i say this his family always let people from the neighbor hood come over and they were like family.
those advances have shaped our lives, and made everything much easier.
because computers have way more storage for more information.
the memories he shared with his family during that time makes the mood for loving.
as time went on prince siddartha began to realize the suffering of human life.
this exert explain the hot, arid climate of where he was cycling.
i have give yous you the facts the rest is up to you.
the girl wants to do that on that time of day and thinks she will get it next time.
the internet offers virtual tours of places like the of even places can be explored without stepping foot out of your house.
computers have helped this country grow and prosper.
this, also with the heat factor, caused him to use up his much needed water supply.
then we saw the tigers in their enclosures.
learning is natural to humans yet we always try to fight it.
now with music yes your so called rap today is music that your kids should not listen to.
but with the help of my computer i can interact with them all year round.
she goes to the store and buys her meat from the freezer section.
next, computer can help set up activities.
they are making people fat, not getting there exercise, eating junk food and play games all day long on this stupid piece of technology.
i think people should not use computers.
dear local newspaper, name is and i am a citizen.
in the beginning of this mans journey he was confident in his abilities.
a third feature was his thirst.
flat road is much easier to bike on then hills.
meet some people.
there are certain ways to research information effectively.
there always controversy in our society, and almost everyone loves it.
hope saved his life because if he knew he could not continue that he could die.
she must adapt to her home to survive.
finally, it can help them for allowing them to a web page.
this implies that it is very hot outside.
communication is needed for many things to make our world better for generations to came.
some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else.
that book has gotten sold faster than the movies.
many people might say we could all just write it out.
i hope you agree with me.
the ability for an average person to learn has greatly increased.
he realized this was going to be hard.
for these reasons, the author created the mood of happiness in his memoir.
one essential right that every man, woman, or child should have is the freedom of speech.
right, she is meaning that we have a choice of what our children would like to see.
dear , computers are destroying modern youth.
but then, when i was six, my dad got a job that required him to work late every night.
without computers to video chat with grandma, i have no communication with her they one or two times a year.
the author was grateful, thankful, and never forgot his home.
the has one of the strongest and in the world.
the author concluded the story with this paragraph because it shows you can over come something if you have the will power.
in the literary world of today it is never hard to find a topic that will interest you.
just to better themselves as a individual.
to begin with, the lack of fresh air obtained by sitting indoors all day is very bad for lungs and can lead to premature breathing problems.
books are for any reader that decides they want to go to that world.
he not only makes local calls but also trunk calls and does not think necessary to pay for them.
also they will be able to read about what different cultures they have and religions.
however, others feel they are too consuming.
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
a student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer.
there should be an age limit on some materials however.
in this type of setting it would be fine to allow any type of book in the adult section, marked mature.
he also gifted me a new bicycle.
inspiring stories reach from one person to another in books, music, and movies; i believe things like that help shape us into who we are today.
why put all that time toward the book being censored and not the school.
, you will be healthier.
who spends the most on unhealthy food?
i will now explain to you why the time we spend on computers is needed by stating these three reason.
he arrived at the first town which was a ghost town.
you can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies, and lumber companies.
computers are a learning tool.
also for music all you have to do is look at the songs on the back or they have them with or without anything bad on it.
it would have been longer if his parents had not been so proud of his decision in the end.
well thanks to computers it is as easy as turning on your computer.
what i think kids should watch or read are movies and books.
more and more people are being sucked into electronics and less people are caring about our planet.
the second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places.
what i considered their aloofness was just discipline.
or will they take a turn for the worst?
instead of going on those websites they should be on a website such as do research.
i think computer are very helpful for everyone around the world.
people should have the right to be able to look at anything that they want in the library
it provides numerous shows and articles, with a huge array of topics.
through ideas such as this, you are not only taking knowledge, but also implanting lies into the heads of the next generation.
it can easily be counted: , , .
the human mindset can only be expressed through the art which the human creates.
computers are the worlds most knowledgeable teachers.
kids today need to spend more time outside then playing games on the computer.
all are very fun things to that you could be missing out on learning of the computer.
as far as i know, taking any form of media, book, or entertainment away from the general public would be illegal.
as simple as it is you do it or do not.
() i think that people are not spending too much time on the computers because you can do different kinds of activities their.
there are numerous books and movies which are deemed not appropriate for younger audiences.
other material, however, most people are not interested in having to see and our young children should not be subjected to that.
some people were standing and some others were sitting on the benches.
humans have different taste in food, music, movies, and books.
what is education for?
i think computers help a lot in life.
one of the most common but overlooked examples is the what the loved ones of people who die serving our country go through.
children and teens need to be protected from this major threat!
and ' did they let my child check that out?'
they are also far more reliable.
or they wont answer and they need information fast.
students around the world for example need to research information for a topic in class.
this can work to people away from screens and the course.
there should be a positive affect on the child at all times so he or she is brought up to the best of its abilities
i believe that they are a good thing in our lives and have made a drastic, but great impact.
millions of books were eradicated along with their owners all because of a religious difference.
although technology is progressing computers are only the basics.
libraries should not be required to remove books from their shelves.
you continually chip away at it, and it seems overwhelming.
if you meet someone you made friends with on vacation you can email them.
i ended up doing all their work.
well you can go online and buy whatever you need at the store.
the plant represent her home.
so next time your reading or watching something that is offending you.
one can make an inference by looking at the cover of a book.
censoring our libraries is like censoring us.
you can talk to friends or family get help, and it is there.
i once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology.
it is there fault because parents let their child check the items out.
the mood of this memoir is love and staying a family.
it got so hot that he was becoming dehydrated.
computers have a negative effect on most people.
first of all, we have the right to have these kinds of books.
it also resembles hope, because if the plant can make it through the winter and bloom in the spring, so can she.
they spend to much time on and , and not enough time outside enjoying nature and playing sports or exercising.
these technological marvels provide many ways to communicate and learn, showing computers have an extremely positive effect on people.
i think censorship could be a good thing where there could be a room just for grown ups.
i believe if not all, the majority of the time we make the right choice.
in the beginning, the narrator is content and excited.
i chuckled this shows that the author is still in good spirits because he can still laugh.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is a meaningful summary of the events in the story.
when the obstacles melt away and she buds into a new stronger person she will take the test again.
also, most any job that has to do with any sort of business has a requirement for the person needed to be able to type quickly.
most of the topics of books, music, movies, or magazines are helpful.
offensive books and movies can cause many problems.
this is one way computers benefit all of society.
when you sit at your computer working or playing instead of going out for a jog or exercise, your health degrades.
one of these is the feature of setting.
just like weather people always want to know breaking news.
they will be able to do more thing without messing up.
i use the computers to better understand it.
the other girl said.
i ask people would be able to interact with their family and friends from different towns.
i as soon as i seen what i was going to be writing about this one flashed in my head like lighting.
the mood the created was a mood of happiness and gratitude.
you can learn quite a bit with a computer.
as the local newspaper , i am sure you must be concerned about the safety of the town, or even your own kids.
so you got my opinion on censorship and i hope it helped you out to look at this situation better or clearer.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
also, it is the best time to study and play.
if you have a computer around your house you should not be bored because there is many things you can be doing or even learning!
also the rode that was driving on was not very smooth which gave him troubles.
on computers, there are lots of games to play that are free.
those of the various moods set by the author in this memoir.
to sum it all up the internet is very helpful to people who use it correctly, but i agree that the internet can be inappropriate.
that goes with magazines and books.
secondly, people, especially the younger generation, spend excessive amounts of time on computers.
when it got published and you read it and you took it offensive.
we already censor so much.
how are we suppose to teach history without telling the whole story.
the audience is different; therefore, the types of literature, music, movies, etc.
that is third reason why i think computers are good for people.
they lack motivation to exercise as well as help around the community.
the mood was very serious and grateful.
he came up to places that were worn down and deserted, so he knew he was alone if anything happened.
computers are taken away information is gone.
movies, music, and even books today can be very violent or sexual in nature, and these inappropriate subjects can have a negative impact on youths.
government officials can talk with other leaders from around the world.
what do you expect us to do call them?
those are only my main reasons they are many more.
well that needs to change.
then, in paragraph , the cyclist saw a building which helped him to gain strength to reach his goal.
also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer.
instead of being on the computer all day, spending home with family and doing activities with them could be more fun.
try neighborhood activities.
it is that easy.
it allows you to talk whenever you want, whenever you want!
some people like the old ways, but personally.
computers keep lots of kids of the streets instead of being out and causing trouble.
depression is all over the state even the country.
most of my family members life in , , and and just for a call its like ten dollars for a minute.
what one person finds offensive could be perfectly fine with everyone else.
in conclusion, the effects computers have on people are very negative.
a computer around is easier for school also i remember one time, i had to write a page paper for and it was due the next day.
sometimes the articles in books are old and.
i looked in books days and find.
in his community that was filled with hardworking immigrants came together in great solidarity & friendship.
the advantages were their were hills to go down.
do you have good hand eye coordination?
i rushed over to her and put her back to sleep.
it is impossible to please everyone.
people from all over the world have many different opinions.
well that brings me to my next point.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
when everyone learns to get along, maybe then can this problem be solved
bringing it into your room and shutting the door, is the most common way.
another way we use computers in school is when we have to make projects.
by writing the story, the author created a mood full of warmth and comfort.
why does it need to be there in the first place?
people believe that using the computer is a waste of time.
i believe agreeing with you be a very good choice.
computers allow use to play games, and learn about almost anything.
it is a devastating outcome of using a computer too much.
lists are made, and guidelines are created so that only certain things are read and taught.
books, music, and movies all have a meaning and a purpose to them.
who would disagree that computers are devoted to educational purposes?
a recent poll was taken and over of people who use their computers for more than hours a day have gotten glasses.
if your writing a paper and need an answer its all on the internet.
i thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects computer usage throughout the if you heard from a young teen.
we all know that we all gain weight at some point in our life, and we can lose that weight.
i also think that all books have a purpose to them.
dear editor, name is , and i believe that computers are a benefit to the world, and people as well.
not every family can work well with everyone else.
do not even think about
the features of setting affect the cyclist.
i love her more than my life.
shows or even movies.
man conquers by knowledge.
the downsides of the internet.
the hibiscus also symbolizes the power to get through struggling (stay strong).
of those said use computers daily, and not just for work.
when people need help they read a book or look it up.
secretly left his house and went because he was curious.
they all rotate round the sun.
battery eats at skin just like the setting is eating at the cyclist.
do you want to be overweight and not be in shape?
if you spend your time on the computer you would not be able to help nature.
dear , do you think is the best technology made so far?
my third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends.
people is a function that and does where you order your online and they drop it off.
censorship can also do the bad things like i discussed earlier, which do more harm on a child then good.
and he was positive and honest.
we play different games in the playground.the laboratories are well-equipped.
although there are many new methods of communication nowadays, the post office is still very important.
he should take part in sports and games.
dear local newspaper, you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people?
at midday, we have a recess.
so by secluding the books, magazines, videos, etc.
my reasoning on that is not because of how it influence people in a bad way.
next, the fact that there were no buildings, houses or anything in sight affected him.
i believe the computer is critical for success and happiness in life.
call someone a fool, we compare him to a donkey is not so foolish as we think.
this is how the memoir showed a happy and comforting mood.
yes, i do think computers are awesome idea.
communication has evolved so much in the past years.
this is just one reason the internet is so useful.
knowledge of rape is important if it is ever going to be stopped.
like spending less time with your family, getting addicted, and unhealthy.
my hobby gives me a lot of exercises as well.
the computer is a technology that has come to make daily life simple.
as you read your brain to inner works, you or your so you can show off to you friends out family on words that you .
education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers.
thank you for your time.
the feeling that the uses to describe his house is the feeling that the whole memoir had.
he weighs pounds due to being on the computer all the time.
also having this access to friends can help when one moves away.
i hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people.
i know that the population of uses the computer.
your whole job depends on the computer and typing.
as more and more people are becoming accustomed to using computers, i believe that this is having a negative effect on society.
can literature, which is the basis of civilization, be censored?
i hope that you can see it my way, and help me in fixing this issue once and for all.
it appears when raindrops act as prisms.
do you ever want to take that book off the shelf?
sometimes we like rain but sometimes we do not like them.
if censorship were to be equal for everyone, there would be nothing left in the world to be censored.
it is a really irritating agent, which get people danger up.
sitting in front of a computer does nothing for your body.
i believe that if they are offensive they should be taken of the shelves.
but after she remembers her homeland through the flower she accepts it.
the things they find on the internet will be more controversial then the majority of books that are being censored.
we as people need knowledge.
the last major group of people that censorship within a school system is the potential readers and students.
now a days friends aim, video chat or text each other instead of going and doing something with them.
computer very helpful when social life.
because there is an interminable amount of information, i believe that there will be books left on the shelf for many people to learn about.
next, i believe movies should be censored because now a days we are letting are children watch every and anything they want too.
when he arrives at an old rusty water pump, he feels disappointed and tastes a liquid that resembles battery acid.
from things such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
another example might be television shows, like .
schools use computers everyday for kids to do reports on, find information, and do homework on too.
weight lifting is another way to get in shape.
first reason is that people waste money on it.
, this new technology is harmful and very damaging to our vision.
i enjoy reading romantic and mystery novel.
books are gateways to other worlds.
this is horrible because you might be dating some crazy person.
not only children some birds also love to eat ripe mangoes.
it is like trying to make bread without flour, without that necessity the bread will not rise its full potential.
there are also many more than what i listed.
my where you add up and subtract and divide.
it will benefit both sides of this argument.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
we can grow as people from being offended or having offensive material brought to our attention.
you can fine out many hallway can take you to or beach or other places.
we should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well.
this is why the author concludes the story with the paragraph to show she has hope.
those are the reasons i thought the mood set by the author was happiness.
elephants live in herds.
should books that seem offensive to you be put off of the selves?
it should be read.
in this memoir by , he explains and recalls the home he grew up in.
when she is at the orchard she sees the hibiscus and has memories of her old home making her cry but yet feel good at the same time.
this quote is used by many parents trying to encourage their children or by coaches to motivate their time.
at a local library you can find hundreds of books, all of different matter, a different style and of different stories.
you also learn more thing about place any thing.
your family is going to be by your side no matter what.
apparently it has gotten to the point where people would have the books censored or have them removed the libraries completely.
my conclusion, is that anything and anyone can be offended or offensive.
that is that great thing about technology.
reported that of its million users, million users have friends that live in a different country.
it is wonderful experience.
newspaper will no longer be thrown at your front porch.
think of others before you think of yourself sometimes and what their interests are.
bad people are afraid of him.
also just like checking out a book how you have to take a test over it called reading counts.
to one might argue that , the that stood by was loved by .
the computer supplies pictures, sounds, and interactive activities that really help kids out.
the author showed us a calm and grateful mood for everything that have happened.
if a person knows something is unjust, they obviously have to tell the world about it, or they feel like their opinion does not matter.
another thing is sex in books.
computers also are very addicting.
and finally, you can play many, many games on the internet to keep up that eye hand coordination.
they do not display actual happenings or thoughts for the most part.
generally this is not the case.
people use it sometimes for entertainment not research.
the desert setting also affects the cyclist mind.
you the work on the computer.
they should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games.
computers and the were a technological break through.
take a book that refers to slavery and what they use to call black back then.
my final reason why the use of computers is good because, people can interact with their family and friends online.
my second reason to this situation is that it takes away knowledge.
the censorship on books can also be completely outrageous too.
people also type papers and essays for work.
instead of censoring the books, we should censor the people reading the books.
all of the travel information from plane tickets to the right currency is at your fingertips on a computer.
products in a library are for anyone to view, not to judge.
this was a horrible action because the religion is an extremely interesting one and now many people will never know anything about it.
the mood of this memoir is happy and grateful.
so i am going to talk about what i have heard about my family seeing or finding books, music, movies, and magazines offensive.
the more you know could just save the world.
however, homework is not the only school work effected by the computer.
i think we need our computers.
they can have devastating influence, no supremacy, what so ever unless they are a teacher of same sort.
all sorts of people go to the library.
i do not really read books.
lastly, family parties and computers do not mix.
its also good for business men because they count on computers for all there files.
technology and new information is so vast its extremely difficult to censor.
and the way we obtain this knowledge is through media.
now, stating those two things, has come to my attention that the computer is also extremely helpful.
it was a symbol of herself and the hardship she will overcome.
when you play basketball, you can catch the ball and still throw it if you have good coordination.
has the most beautiful nature ever, the birds, the animals, the times and the fall time.
i could go on for hours listing at the different types.
he then goes on his bike to the park taking their shortcut.
every since people are young, they are taught that it is important to be unique and express their own style.
computers made communication easy for anyone.
in the world there are today there is about billion people.
relies on the computer to talk to his loved family.
he is always grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
if anybody takes it the wrong way then they should look at other things about the topic and put your own opinion on the topic.
he past his hour playing outside.
these libraries would be loosing business to the people who maybe like the kind of stuff that they not.
of complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house.
she respected the fact that others enjoyed reading the books and just asked me to steer clear of them and to find something more appropriate for me to read.
even people want to know where are some people from.
profanity is words that are most times negative expressing anger and rudeness.
this prosperity has been possible using hard work.
dear local newspaper, this world is filled with electronics.
for example, someone, by accident, stumble upon a book containing inappropriate materials.
without water, he thought he was going to die.
censorship, taking books, movies, magazine, etc.
now being in my shoes how do you think that felt for me?
this would make parents of younger children happy, but also the people wanting to view this material happy.
first, she will try again when she feels the time is right.
we should plant more and more trees.
everything is almost familiar to her now ().
she simply grab her computer, and the information is delivered to her with the click of a button.
he also talked about how the road was rough.
dear , computers are a sought after item in this day in age, and we are making advances in technology every single day.
such as the movie store, the mall, a gas station, a yard sale, and even your public library.
i think that learning how to type is an excellent thing.
for example, in the story it says but its strong enough to make it through the cold months.
first off, the cyclist was in the desert on a bicycle.
he respects the rights of others.
that is normal thing that will up on computers, they can give you viruses, and people can get your personal information.
anything can make someone change and in order to have that chance we should have the freedom to read what ever we would like.
either get over .
i had slight headache.
there are also things parents can do to ensure that the books their children are reading are appropriate and not offensive.
all of the advertisements on the side of the computer screen are viruses just waiting for children to click on it unintentionally.
if we start taking offensive books off the self then every body coming in would be taking books off the self.
what if some one looks up or check out something that should not be seen by others and it ends up in the wrong hands of someone.
for other purposes like wanting to play online with fellow student or friends then you have to use computers.
i believe it is unfair that his paper was rejected.
i would not like that.
there a long line, so i just got online picked what i wanted and had it shipped to me unless then hours!
so as you can see, computers benefit society because you can learn all types of things online.
a teacher’s profession is a noble profession he is a nation builder.
this setting greatly affects the mans journey.
let these books serve their purpose.
if they do not like the music, novels, movies, etc.
everyone has different views, likes, interest, wants and needs.
there are many educational websites on computers.
we can talk on the mobile phone at a distance of thousands of kilometers.
everyone has a favorite book or movie that they love to read or watch.
it is very hot as the cyclist is riding.
the show you how to get to a certain destination.
some people get offended by some of the material and feel that it should be removed.
now he just a nobody.
of kids like to read.
for example, you will forget to exercise, you will forget nature, you will also forget to interact with your friends and family.
any parent can tell there child that something is bad for them, but you can never really know unless you experience it for themselves.
kids can just get on the internet and get that just as easy and most kids are doing it in ways that could get them in trouble.
it is a great way to keep in contact.
this would keep down less confusion and more people would continue to attend the library because they know what a nice place it really is
moreover, computers are chock full of information.
so you are probably wondering why they are even on the shelves, right?
almost everyone has a computer and it gets used more and more and it is just taking away a great time to go be active outside.
it has all different kinds of books for all different kinds of people.
it runs on battery and plays soft music when it moves.
also, they have friends that go over for dinner and often bring some food over with them.
the rough terrain also led to her using own strength to get up and down hills, and to get plants and animals.
this is called censorship.
i do not agree that reading material or anything in that matter should be taken off of a shelf.
how do you think the world would be without computers?
did your child ever bring home a book?
as you can see, computers can help students with projects, etc.
all of my experiences seem to point to not reading books that cause distress or controversy.
the features of the setting in, rough road ahead affect the cyclist.
they placed the offerings of sweets in front of the goddess.
should taking books, music, and movies off shelves of libraries even be questioned?
on the other hand, cars and trucks are the main contributors on the planet of pollution.
one reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet.
i listen to a lot of music when i drive to school and most of it is rap music.
also, we need to help our environment.
in the story the cyclist comes upon a large snake.
in conclusion, you can see how computer usage has affected us as a nation, and in a negative way.
no one forced the act on me.
the obesity rate has increased between then too.
technology has changed our world!
most younger kids these days are starting to listen to the fast rap music.
when parents are that strict, it usually makes the kids want to do whatever they tell them not to do.
you have to mete fun.
the second reason why i am against keeping computers around is because they are too time consuming.
the author describes the many things her parents have given to her.
maybe that person has personal issues.
foe example lets say that you doing on paper you .
first, computers help out with traveling, sight seeing and lots more.
an example of this would be the society in the book ' ' by .
is also great way to meet new people.
the mother would be taking away what i like to read and watch.
studying shaw and hardy gives us an insight in human nature.
a policeman also controls crowds.
there are no buildings in site at all and no source of water.
dear local newspaper, the question that everyone is asking is do computers benefit to society.
as i believe any human would be.
i once had to do a class project on and got a just by using a computer, people can look up information on countries for pleasure too.
it shows that her hope and trust to pass the test comes from the hibiscus flower.
all of the features in the setting had an affect on him, which made him powerless and thirsty.
do you think that computers are useless?
in conclusion, the mood of this passage is grateful.
after lunch, i take a nap and then finish my homework.
dear , the use of computers is not beneficial to our society.
i like her appearance very much.
materials like that can offend many people, so they should be removed from public shelves.
but people would kill for these games.
you can as almost every question and a computer will have it.
these are the various moods that the author had in the memoir.
then he came to a rough road.
she is now more open minded about the situation.
i know i said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this.
lastly, a computer can help you with many things.
you can even go in chat room.
dear newspaper editor, computers have been a great advancement in technology, but some people think otherwise.
this time could have been used for more productive things instead.
last, is the freedom of speech of the author of the book.
the world contains of many things that people find offensive, but it does not mean those things have to go.
i think it is all the persons decision to be on the computer as long as they want.
unlike sending and writing letters to people, instant messaging is a much faster and easier way to talk to another person.
does that mean that the something should be censored just because it offends a couple of groups in a population?
not two miles into the next section.
i reached jaipur one hour late.
so go ahead and expand your knowledge!
everybody all over the world knows that the favorite food of the cat is the rat.
it is a very negative effect.
please listen to my reason why the computer effect people lives!
you have the choice not to read them or to read them.
is this helping us?
secondly, there are books and movies and other things that show the children shooting and killings and how people get away with it.
it involved taking a note cards from different sources.
will keep them from that anyway.
many people have issues with their race or nationality being messed with.
movies for kids to check out should be educational, fun and most importantly, appropriate!
they diminish , so bad increases and the need for increases.
we also have a pair of lungs which help us to breathe.
fortunately, there was no loss of life.
can allow you to connect with anybody around the world at anytime.
for example science.
people are going to be mad or angry no matter what happens
with the hibiscus bringing something of importance she acquires more hope.
also, you can talk and interact with family that does not live with you or is not with you in the moment.
some people might not like action due to the fact that there is violence in almost all of those movies.
it takes time away from the outdoors, exercising, and family.
computers have helped us write essays more efficiently & complete research assignments.
the rest her family still lives in .
libraries offer many things to help people in enriching their knowledge about a certain belief, so they should not be censored.
the time has come to decide.
i say this because instead of going outside.
the author is also trying to create a loving mood in the sense that he is explaining the caring acts of his parents.
libraries are places to learn and explore the different sources that are inside.
every individual has their own opinion on censorship.
but it seems like this flower gives her hope and pride.
computer chat and video chat can help the all different nations.
they can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing.
sometimes you simply be curious about something, your computer will be right their for you to use.
however, if we did not remove anything that was offensive, serious issues could occur.
the main course if you will of it all your family is so important because there your best friends whole wide world.
also, sometimes, friends move away and you always want to keep in touch.
we want to keep your children away from the bad things
the books that i think that should be taken off the shelf would be the ones that have bad language, violence, and bullying.
if the child dose not return the book in that amount of time they should charge them for every day it is late.
i see literature as another form of art.
my hobby is gardening.
all these numbers must change and a way to start would be losing the computer because people are spending too much time on them and less time exercising.
so whenever you go in there your parent are with you.
on the subject of movies, are some that should be censored, like the movies containing extreme violence or gore.
if the hibiscus blooms, then her new life will also because she will be comforted to the point where she feels security.
my favorite sport is basketball.
also while reading he talks about how him and his family always helped each other out.
my third reason is because the computer allows you to communicate with other people.
people spend the amount of time they need and want then become active or spend time with family and friends.
the biker said i noticed the terrain changing.
studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours!
this can help you get a job and even help with a sport you like.
generally once a year.
in her case it is the test she wants to take again.
certain people find things offensive and others think it is perfectly fine to have in a library.
if it is music, movies, or magazines, then it should be dealt with the same way.
also, everyone has a computer.
i believe that the effects a computer has on a person, are good effects.
i think that have never really had a choice in matters that affects them directly, and i think we should.
the author includes this because many people can relate to this and find hope in things.
she probably felt that with that flower she would always have a little piece of home in this newer world.
the flower also represents adapting to a new place.
what if we took you computer away?
some of the things that they might read are probably things that their parents would like to talk to them about later on in the future.
i believe that whatever is put into the media has a purpose.
why you ask?
items like that should be sold in a separate store.
if a librarian finds something offensive, he or she not ever put that book on the shelf in fear of children finding the material.
some books have been previously censored, but became uncensored and brought back to libraries.
we can only hope for the best
anyone can write and post an article on the internet, even if what they are saying is not true at all.
harry even argues in his popular books series that we must know the enemy to fight them.
dear , the use of advanced computers have increased.
also online you can watch movies and listen to music.
sometimes we fear failure.
and in the present day world work is the only way to success.
so get off your butt and go outside.
going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done.
each site having at least different games!
last but not least, computers teach skills that can be applied later in life.
another reason the author could be that he wanted to lighten the mood up a little bit.
we all want our children to be active and healthy, not be a couch potato.
that means he is saying that he will always love his parents and his family.
reading a book about drugs will only prevent things like that from happening.
there is never a way to know if its safe to talk to other people on the internet.
have you connect.
in conclusion, computers hours, you must think about what can be done for nature, for your health, and for your family and friends.
when he realizes his solitude when he is in a state of almost dehydration, he despairs.
they were accorded a warm welcome.
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
i i failed the test she seemed to be embarrassed + sad.
he said to me in no uncertain terms, “young one, never be sloppiesh.
it is the most important festival for muslim people all over the world.
all these reasons and more are why i believe that computers benefit our society.
many would say that experiencing activities such as sex and drugs is all apart of growing up, but i disagree.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it gives a sense of hope to the sad story.
i do not think those books should be on the shelves.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
and these books should not be censored in public and school libraries.
you know what hows about a trip to or or .
readers, imagine a world without computer.
these are some features of the setting that affect the cyclist by making his trip harder.
also, they should check the ratings on movies or make them not available to certain age group.
in my mind we should all have computers because there fun and you can learn about everything you could think of so we should all have them.
it is important to know the pros and cons of computers.
that means his parents really loved him because they wanted him to grow up and have a good life.
to have his parents teachings be the basis of his life, he must have had a deep connection with them.
in conclusion there are many people that or not like the books or other things that they find offensive but every one has there opinion.
you can also communicate with people who has an email address.
what will happen?
some of the books that maybe on the shelf hurt some ones feelings.
do not let libraries censor books!
but its not.
they take the playground.
we should plant more trees to keep the air fresh.
is a worst case scenario in which censorship was not practiced at all.
we should be allowed to take from any knowledge that exists.
many people also speed up their word by using the computer.
the movie situation i understand.
he had been very tired.
can you picture person in your town blind and having glasses or even going to the ?
we would be taking away a lot of stuff the our children should know about, such as the slavery, and famous people.
to simply write a book or a magazine, or make a movie just to offend someone or something is wrong.
the post office also distributes mail.
he reaches school before us to clean and arrange our classrooms.
because computers give you the ability to talk to friends, family, and other people it is a positive thing because it is important to do so.
two, spend less time exercising.
the offensive material can be history that the world need to know, such as racism.
its a great way to get fit, rather than typing and clicking away at your .
you could of missed a year of stuff.
you can chat with people typing.
technology has helped doctors find new cures for patients, and diagnose their sicknesses in a more advanced way.
while growing up i had a friend who was very religious.
if those experts took our computers, about what would happen.
but very few people are punctual.
can you believe that this tiny piece of technology is influencing our everyday life?
i think computers are great!
lastly, computers have a positive effect on people.
the humans in that movie, after relying on computers for so long, became obese and fat and had no muscle.
children are taking time out of their homework to go on the computer, citizens are gaining weight, and children are being kidnapped.
but whats you opinion?
libraries need to learn more about there surroundings before they continue what they are doing.
censorship is somewhat the same way.
his acquiring of knowledge by probing makes him supreme.
dear , people use computers more?
they should be able to write, sing, or film what ever they want.
he is m.a.
even if you were a construction worker you could your blue prints with pinpoint accuracy.
this is the reason why i picked those two mood in the memoir!
i for example have learned so much from.
i went on the internet, typed in my question about reading, and two seconds later thousands of results up.
there are many reasons how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
furthermore, kids of all ages benefit from modern computers.
if censor material then you are going against the first amendment, of .
when she entered the first town, this sight was troubling.
the trees attract rain bearing clouds and prevent soil erosion and conserve the earth.
of the obese population in the die from a heart attack.
the internet has many helpful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles.
these are three reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
one get frustrated doing all work., that is done by her.
his home was always filled with life & love.
there should be sections, children, teens, and adults.
these are all bad affects computers have, but their not all bad, without them life might be a little harder.
i do not believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
one feature of the setting that can have an affect is the terrain.
they also go to various island in the sea and engage themselves in many adventures.
because of some of the programs like , or , i am able to converse with cousins.
this show how hot the desert was, and how he could drop dead.
books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be able to be viewed by young children.
people will never leave the house and instead they are on their computer.
as i walked through and as a young girl i saw a magazine book, seeing this and being a girl that likes reading that magazine i opened it.
removing the controversy will remove an aspect of education along with it, which is essentially the main purpose of a library
computers should be used in moderation and not in place of other important events in our lives.
read articles and stories right on the internet.
toward the beginning of the story the author sounds discouraged and upset that she failed her test.
they could include multiple things that could scar a kid for life.
these are about computer how people spend time on them.
number two: you can use a computer for research, and number three: it can tell you directions or give you info.
censorship should not even exist
but we can prevent this if we the of time people out spend on computers.
i have not found one thing in our library offensive to me.
it helps kids if they need to research something.
another example is that there are no buildings around and is deserted with no one around and many hills and roads.
one reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people.
he ended up being an online predator.
if books are taken off a shelf what does that mean to us people?
one person deem inappropriate could be viewed as totally fine with another person.
in the text, the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
many people are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face.
as you can see, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
there going to be able to listen to that song on the radio anyway.
this is show when the author said when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
computers help us do research they keep us connected with friends and family and they are required to be used at some .
then i will take the test again.
next reason why effect computers on people is positive, is because it helps people communicated with friends or family.
the author concludes the story to show that there is hope for the future and that she is not going to give up.
the mood created by the author is very happy and grateful throughout the memoir.
some people might say that computers are useless, but that is not true.
she has perfect skin.
finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean.
they use them to much these for people can stop going to gyms and get over weight.
besides interfering with our computers do the same with education.
this line shows that the author was in a very hot place, being in a desert, but also that he has a low water supply.
as a small child i remember my mom reading me stories to put my to sleep.
the fashion of the and is just a project i did last month.
computers teach us new things.
the computer is a very important piece of technology.
if you were offended by that one thing, do you think you should have the right to have it taken away or banned?
people should be running or going to the gym instead of going on the computer.
if they think it is offensive, then they should put it back on the shelf and go find something else.
at night he sleeps in the stable with other horses.
the author shows many moods while writing this memoir, like gratitude, happiness, and love.
sometimes reading these works can be enjoyable, other times it can be rather disturbing.
second, you make friends.
therefore, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer.
these are just a few of the many reasons this is wrong.
there is a chance to move on there is hope.
it is the idea family that fueled his loving childhood.
do you always think about vulgar, inappropriate pictures, and illegal images?
in conclusion, being able to communicate with others on a computer, is only i, of the many benefits a computer has!
the computer is an easy alternative for communication.
there will always be another chance, as long as you can find peace and beauty in something good.
then you have to get a new computer and everything all.
i think that the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
do you want to be that person?
the setting becomes positive and so does he.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist by teasing him.
when they go to work, not everything will be done on a computer, but this is all they are being taught to use.
i agree with her in the sense that we can not take certain books off the shelves in our library.
if the books and magazines all disappeared from the shelves about this subject then those people would not be able to learn more about those kinds of subjects.
the material that would have to be removed are books meant for people of the appropriate age group to inform and tell good stories.
at first it was flat road which the speaker was happy with and he had a smile on.
and we get rid of all of these books, what will happen when we really need that information?
clearly, a life without computers is utter chaos.
computers are a great thing to have.
and although these books contain some writing that is offensive now, they still have shaped the culture today.
keep on going and if you open your mind to new things who knows what you can experience and learn.
i feel people should spend time exercising, going outdoors, and spending time with friends and family.
thousands upon thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips.
can effect books, music, movies, magazines, and many more.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many was.
, a concerned parent at .
lastly, computers can be helpful with homework.
the considered everyone family even though the times were not the greatest for everyone also his parents gave up a lot so he could have a good life in .
it also has its own images if you need a picture for your project you need.
that one should never give up.
to the past stressed because i never had a to just relax and think about things i computer doing something or homework.
i believe that every parent has the right to oversee what there child reads.
another thing you can do it get online for how to stay healthy and exercise!
and it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis.
dear, of the has come to my concern that many people are debating on whether computers benefit our society or not.
the author creates a feel of happiness and gratefulness throughout the story.
‘a healthy body carries a healthy mind’ is an old saying.
they can help you do anything.
supervision of children and young adults are not always looked upon, and some of these people might not even know what they are checking out.
the desert setting of this essay effects the cyclist in many ways other then one.
computers have a positive effect on people.
books are a gateway to another world.
this is something you can not change.
first of all computer over ruling family and friends.
it would also keep people from loosing books.
because the day is hot the cyclist drinks lots of water.
everyone is welcome in the library, of course, but is everyone aloud to look at whatever they want?
for my first reason, computers have so many technology things inside that help people everyday.
she longed for her natural home and familiarity.
the author explains how he had his birthday with his friends and family.
another reason is that, people can meet other people online.
the desert setting affects the cyclist ability to function.
computers are a good benefit to society they you to talk to people give different for you the the latest updates.
in history, we were doing research on the world hunger crisis in our allied countries.
you can find things on cars, trucks, sports, and made up stories for fun.
sure, you can video chat, but that still does not convey the real feeling behind a persons words.
also they help kids learn, if you keep them locked up and not knowing anything, then how far are they going to get in life?
any where there are books involved count me there.
although on my computer i can actually see her on my screen.
would you really want to take that from the people?
everyone is entitles to what they believe, and others have to have the maturity to accept that.
people like you that work in a office need information about a place that a disaster happened.
dear newspaper, a family.
it helps by knowing the meaning of new words.
this is why i think the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
computers are very entertaining.
also helps with everyday needs like and homework.
therefore i strongly advise not to take any books off the selves.
so why not use it?
sometimes, he even views inappropriate pictures when his mom is out shopping.
by using the computer, people are getting less exercise, not enjoying the nature, and not interacting with family or friends.
now if were arguing about the computer then we have a huge problem.
you just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you.
so i along with some of my friends went to the okhla lake.
no matter how offensive or wrong some be, it is their work and their time, and their heart and soul which they put into a book.
the phone is not always an option.
on the other hand, a poor man with good health can enjoy his life.
this means there was no water available for him.
but, yet it can make a huge negative effect on people.
yes, we have freedom of speech and can say anything we want, but i think it should only go so far and then should be stopped.
that is why no one person has the right to take it off the shelf.
by email, only a couple minutes so, you can see that computer also can provide some of safety everybody!
that they now go on the computer.
well that must mean they have internet on their phone.
but i feel that we can find a balance between the two views.
i can see these questions flying through heads of great people.
this short cut turned out to be a nightmare.
how are we going to encourage people to use computers when their at the risk of getting their stolen.
the censorship of that society had gone so far that no one did anything, they just sat at home and watched the television all day.
one of the features of the dessert like, which is the setting, is the dry air and hot temperatures.
the setting effects how fast, hard and long the cyclist needs to pedal.
his route was deserted, so nobody could help him.
which helped him dehydrate faster.
or, say you were watching a show that was talking about slavery a hundred years ago, would that anger you?
that is why some material should not be taken away.
it is a lot eager to the motivated when there is thing to look at to keep your mind of the attitude of the cyclist changed for the worst.
so now he has no cool water to drink when he says, not two miles into the next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
the familiarity of the plant comforts her and will allow her to build up the courage to take the test again.
books found offensive to one person could have a completely different impact on the next reader; some even find the books relatable.
there is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercise.
in conclusion, all of these are perfect examples of why inappropriate materials should be removed to prevent people from being offended.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
no books should be taken off the shelf.
people these days read magazines that can be completely harmless but come with an ad.
i can remember when my step mom was a size six in the waist.
i believe that if we had the right there would be no materials left for future children to read.
they share them with their neighbours.
a survey conducted by muscles shows that of their members get stronger and more fit by new exercises.
one mood that the author had was happy.
fans of computers will argue that they help you interact with people around the world, but what about the people in the next room?
hope after hope arises to the end in turmoil upon turmoil.
computers are the easy, environment friendly alternative for you.
computers are about the only way to find pictures, information, and make it neat.
that is how even came to be.
on the computer if you go online you can maybe talk to someone by their email address.
does using a computer mess up your life in some ways i would say no.
the road change and the heat made him say i could drop from heatstroke.
libraries are for learning new things about the world that will later help you in .
when i was younger, i owned a computer.
after getting lost in a town that seems distant from any living things the author hears people!
just make sure that you know what your kid reads.
first, you can buy games from a store and download them onto your computer.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
movies are rated today as to the age of a person, and they say why they are rated as such.
yes, i mean reading is great, but now having the computer is faster and easier.
another feature is that he is in the desert and running low on water.
some parts of the world do not get very cold, mostly because of the influence of the sea.
many people have different views on different types of things.
the mood created in the memoir is very loving and caring and it shows appreciation to the authors parents.
but in truth, your children will find out about in the real world eventually anyway.
there was a night in called , when radical and supporters burned ' houses, stores, and even books.
however, they need a time limit to be on the computer and limited time for eating right and exercising.
computers offer video games, learning games, and that bring creativity to.
it turns out to be advertising a book and some movies that you believe should not even be available here, for they are far to inappropriate and offensive.
leisure is an important need in our lives.
all of those books were written by an author with a clear point to make.
but very few play badminton.
you could always try that.
the setting puts a great deal of stress on the cyclist.
secondly, the computer can help you learn about far away places the or .
that what make kids think its alright when their parents do what ever it maybe.
the features of the setting did affect the cyclist in this small story.
i have seen plenty of movies that made me want to go out and do what they did in the movie.
we have to chop so many trees down just to get paper to each kid in the grade.
so, the cyclist was happy and strong.
a few agreed, others left.
like it might be a comic book that my say something that someone my take offense to.
i know what i am allowed and not allowed to read.
i think that there are are books, movies, and other media materials that can be found offensive to someone or a group of people.
finally, the internet helps because you can receive news through it.
computers are good for finding information quickly.
ancient indian medicines prescribe cosmic colours to bring equilibrium in human cells.
he described his parents to be very caring and always put their children before their needs.
the offensive things found in a library.
my last reason is that now you can be on the computer and still interact with family and friends.
i, for one agree with them.
let us watch something we find immoral and then take the time to understand why it is immoral, for it is these things that define us.
computers also broadcast news.
it would be targeted for more kids that are fourteen years and younger would like.
everyone has the right to read and watch what they want and not everyone will read or watch the same materials.
this be one of the biggest causes of obesity in !
he thought he was going to die, he said i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
i love mommy.
what would this world be with no computers.
with good time management i actually find these websites important.
five years ago i had to move from to .
of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator.
you have web cam and that allows you to chat and see the person.
people should not take this censorship ability out of hand.
i would like for you to appreciate my concern on how society should have computers.
what the country finds, however, is that it cannot effectively memorialize the tragedies.
the author chose to end the story this way for several reasons.
also, it would be so much better for our bodies and minds to go out and enjoy nature instead.
i think the memoir is a very heartwarming story of a family that loves one another and his thankful that they have a place they can call home.
first of all.
the importance as to why the author ended this story like this was to show readers the importance of the plant.
however, as a parent it is their job to protect their children from these things.
if the person thinks a movie or book is offensive to them, then do not check it out!
so, i want you to go out there and get a computer and see what you think about it.
some material have sex and violence that is offensive.
the computer lets me communicate with them and even exchange digital pictures.
when the come back alive.
we all want the world to be a better place so stop destroying it for our own benefits!
she is entitled to them.
if everyone took a book off the shelve than none would be left.
they say that they spend hours on the computer and less time exercising enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
there is already plenty of offensive literature in the world and to find it all and restrict all of it would just be irrational.
but you can always stand your ground and try
another reason the author might end the story with that paragraph is to have a effect on the reader.
all beings and plants need water for living.
they just do not feel comfortable fellow students saying them and their teachers saying them.
she cried to show her pain, and bought a plant to cheer her up.
education is very important even for adults and children.
so this is not very good for the cyclist.
finally people can apply for jobs or even community service online.
all you gotta do is talk to them online.
second the material can speak of the race as if was bad.
while riding along these lands there was more in sight, and no building or cars it was line a dead road.
in other words, computers are pleasurable.
authors use their freedom in their writing, just like musicians use their freedom to make music.
people spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face.
life cannot exist with nothing to thrive off of.
if a person thinks that a song should be removed from the shelf and it does get removed, what about the person who did not find it offensive?
the greatest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the simple freedom allowed in the .
well, sounds like you need to work on your hand eye coordinator.
this agent can currently be installed on such products as our televisions, computers, and phones.
the mood of the memoir by is love and compassion for his parents.
then i learned about .
suddenly we heard a cry for help.
these express the passions and skills that followed the author to adult hood, holding a special place in his heart.
then she was effected by a ghost towns which had no water to give her.
though the sun was bearing down, he refused to give up, just as he says the sun was beginning to beat down, but i hardy noticed.
they earn the right to drive, then the right to vote, then the right to drink responsibly.
we have neighbors of all kinds.
there for they cannot blame the place the material was at.
the mood of the memoir is shown in many ways.
dear , computers have advanced our world so far into the future that practically everything is just a click away.
now people have color televisions.
instead of playing games on the computer at home, you could be spending time with your family in the park or the pool.
i have to admit i have watched, listened to, and looked at some bad stuff but i regret it all so very much so.
he sold me to an air-force officer.
now that their in , their garden and the plants in it remind them of that homeland, and how there life used to be.
its just sad.
in my opinion, there are a certain number of books wasting away on the shelves of the library that need to be disposed of.
what you a room notebooks that you buy of, or a single, computer with tons of space and back up?
how would you explain why it was offensive?
firstly, computers are mandatory to have for work and .
then i would read a few pages and i would think it was pretty good.
like for instance, music.
this leads to my next paragraph.
it just comes to show that, are many different things in this world today that not everyone is going to agree on.
i thank that all of the books and movies and more should not be censorship because people have a right to no what they what to no or see.
so this are some reason why many people decide to be on computer.
there still time for change, so lets do something about it.
books should never be removed from libraries just because they be found inappropriate.
finally, my last reason why i think computers are not good for society is because you can get distracted by it a lot.
i know that many people pay their bills online.
people do not appreciated nature as they used to, as they should.
a few years ago, i had a classmate who had different ideas from a myriad of people on religious persecution.
a computer also has many great sources you can learn from, like an online website that has fun called .
i believe that has a negative affect on people.
nothing offensive should be placed within a school library no matter how old the students are.
its about time to move to the next reason.
also, you can learn about many things on and how its changing.
who really are the victims when books and magazines are being thrown off the shelves?
the computer is good for learning but you should also go out and got some fresh air.
the cyclist would appear to be closing in on something to drink, but be left with nothing.
the time has come to take a stance.
people will always be offended.
at least not forever
from my own experience, i used to stay up late for hours using websites such as because everyone else was using it.
they are all happy because they can be together and have a grate time.
depriving them of how there use to be slave owners, slaves, and racial comments?
it’s difficult to find a house without a cat.
computers have greatly advanced society and technology.
you can communicate with them through , or both.
i will also explain how the past has an effect on present day.
her mind was also starting to ware.
another reason is learning.
these are all websites that have chats where people can communicate.
go out and toss the ball along with the neighbors dog.
computers are a great way to communicate.
the formal mood makes the memoir easy to understand, while the personal twist makes the story enjoyable to read.
but also i think that parents or an adult should look at the criteria first before they allow a child to read or see it.
there for, computers are mandatory.
this is when you have a webcam and you can see and talk to other people.
that be it, it not.
i believe that it completely depends on how a library advertises or who they allow to check out what.
today you just have to go onto and type it out.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy and up lifting.
it depends on the level of intelligence, maturity, and age of the people who have access to these materials.
this is a on going debate nation wide and there is going to have to be a decision made fast!!
they also showed him the meaning of family.
every movie is going to have something that someone will love and someone will hate.
these symbols are important to her in that they give her a chance to start over and she sees that in the winter hibiscus.
he lives in the school.
first, we can learn about the places we want to go to.
just because something is offensive to one person does not mean it is to someone else.
if books and movies containing information unacceptable to one person were removed, then everyone else has the right to have material of their choice removed as well.
you can even do research on a computer that is why computers are good.
but just then, my son me to get one, and i have the chance to talk to my family everyday.
that book might of also been in there family for a really long time and they want everyone in there family to enjoy that book.
i can understand the effects of too much exposure to computers because i see it everyday with my younger brother.
these books are usually the ones that teenagers read.
it would be rather nice to develop courage to lead a simple life and determine to do good work.
in spite of being rich, he is not arrogant.
people use the internet way to much for plans, for business, for entertainment, for a social life!
this made the biker have to work harder, and use more energy.
i believe that libraries should have a censorship.
at every click of your mouse there are new things to learn.
its not like their being obliged by the .
computers, are very popular these days.
was having so much fun that he lost track of time.
it makes our society look bad and taints our places of knowledge.
the first thing that needs to be contemplated is if something is offensive or not.
he was grounded for two months.
if music is played in the library that others do find offended then in my opinion yes they should and can speak up for their rights.
i use the computer to look how teams are doing.
i know this from some clues in the text.
oh sure, says sue sarcastically.
would you want to live in a world where people are void of creativity?
a thing that helps these parents are restrictions on the stuff that you are able to get your hands on.
he becomes a little worried but he is not discouraged.
also gives me about a college that i would and like to attend to.
most of the sites we use due to interacting with family and friends.
you can learn how to type really fast.
incredible numbers of emails are sent everyday.
third, computers lets people talk to other people online.
a bagger is not a responsible man.
i also do not appreciate the other material found in our libraries.
my mom is always on face book and i hate it i figure she loves the computer more then do you want your kids to think that about you?
because moving was a very hard for her.
if you are to take away or ban a certain book from the shelf, than what would the author who wrote the book think?
this is how the change of setting affected the cyclist.
the rain is useful for crops and trees.
they enrich our minds.
say if you were years old and when computers come out you bought one and went on it every day instead of being fit.
in fact of people use the computer for entertainment everyday.
the concluding paragraph in the story winter hibiscus portrays the powerful massage of change from a cold, distant failure to adapt, to a new life.
when she purchases it her mother is concern of the price but sees how home sick her daughter is and becomes understanding.
my brother feel so uncomfortable with that book, he decided to take it back that same night.
it was starting to become daylight and he had to walk miles to get to the next town.
of all he talks about his family and the love they shared.
whether they are fiction or nonfiction.
many people believe that their children have a right to learn about all the things books can offer, but is that really such a good thing?
i think that parents should be alert to offensive materials in the shelves, and should say something about it so they banned them.
that is how this memoir makes me feel once i read it.
everyone is responsible.
if someone wants to view something that is against a certain religion, so be it.
but, some of their family and friends are to lazy to do anything because they are always on the computer.
many people assume that computers are just for entertainment, to play games and have fun on your free time.
we should always think carefully before acting.
these are the main reasons why computers are not beneficial to the society.
let readers have their freedom.
this rapid spread of the news saved many lives in as people immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed to help.
hello , you think computers are having a great effect on people?
the cyclist is driven deeper into despair and feels that all hope is lost when he sees this building.
you can do two things, you can panic and let everyone down, you can go or the internet and save.
people can get degrees from learning online learn another.
we could try getting rid of all bad books, movies etc, but over time i' sure more will be made.
i thought it was going to be a scenery story but it turns out he want that prepared.
like when you go to see a rated movie and you have to be with an adult to watch that movie.
having no water to replenish your body will make you weak and unstable.
he also had to find his way around a big snake while being dehydrated.
children do not need to know about any of those types of things at all.
censorship can be a very good thing.
libraries are public for a reason, and that is to interest people with different types of entertainment.
you could find one quite easily if you tried.
these are only three of the main moods in the story.
that, at least, she could hold on to.
this is why the author concludes with such a sentence because us as readers should show memories of her farmland will help her pass her drivers test.
the mood created by the memoir is a mix between a happy mood and an unhappy mood.
fast food companies like contribute to obesity, so do computers.
of kids said that when they are doing a project the best thing to use would be the internet.
which leads to, eventually, promote death.
therefore computers are good.
for example, what if your friend and did not.
they have to tie white ribbon also.
and that is schoolwork.
a parent should keep a close eye on what their child read or see.
every book should be in the library
he was determined to make it to the next town.
with a computer you can learn about space and stars and planets.
as for books, i often use a book review website that allows me to see the content the book has.
some of you think a computer can increase social skills, and you are dead wrong!
another is for books on certain people or events.
computers help teach them because they need their finger to hit the same key that their eye sees.
for all of the banks we have computers and for almost every job.
its the most common thing to go on the .
if all of the kids in the world grew up listening to hardcore gangster rap and watching porn we would have shiftless and violent leaders tomorrow.
at the sight of all these flowers memories flood back to her, memories that bring her joy and sadness.
learn about many places, and communicate with friends and family.
have you ever thought that some material from the libraries could and have been found offensive and wanted them to be removed from the library?
she was so use to plants being free and growing rather than seeing them in pots and not having the room to grow.
there are more books in the library you can read.
even though it includes how they used to be into drugs as a teenager.
the heat because it drains your energy quick.
both of these people are good with their hands and they could of become that way by using computers.
libraries need to realize that.
when summertime comes around, and the last school bell rings, you can instead research faraway places that could turn into vacation spots instead of homework assignments.
the author states, gaining elevation while loosing hope.
dear newspaper, computers today have a negative effect on people.
get out your chair, turn off the computer get up.
students use the for many reasons.
similarly, the proverb is applicable in all other spheres of life.
lets be honest we all had a favorite book when we were little or as we grew up.
i think that maybe certain books and magazines should be removed.
however is that really the right choice?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because there was a lot of detours and distractions where the cyclist rode.
talking with profanity in your mouth can change your life but not having a good job getting in jail raising up bad kids that learn from the parents mistakes.
instantly, you will have hundreds of choices right in front of you.
if someone finds it offensive, they should simply not read it
each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries.
if you take away all the bad materials it would be taking away one of our rights, freedom of speech.
should we take off books that are offensive?
and why should these books be available to everyone through public libraries?
so do computers really benefit to our society?
that means that they want to be something when they grow up.
as you can see laptops and computers are great for learning of foreign countries.
she referred to the plant as yet another old friend.
i urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late!
the best way to take care of those things nature.
music is another big thing that is becoming more and more out of control with offensive subjects.
they think they have to dress like an adult and act like one too.
therefore, people should not try to remove it.
this is a good thing about computers, but also a bad thing.
if were to refrain from listening when being spoken to, it would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker.
with this power over them, the people are weakened and often abused.
they are renewed in a symbolic sense.
advancements in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those fortunate enough to have a computer.
the school has even started doing something very new, allowing parents and kids to check the students grade online.
technology like this drastically makes life easier.
i told my mother that i do not remember anything.
if its not to overweight to not spending time with families, to doing schoolwork.
the shelves of libraries will soon be empty if censorship continues.
so, i had planned in detail how i would revise both subjects that day.
the only thing would be is to keep an eye out for any offensive books, music, and etc.
in the essay the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
there are also tailors sitting cross – legend
they say you are involved with what you read.
also if you sit on a chair all day, honestly what will happen to you?
the memoir were changing all through the book.
that game teaches you words you probably never seen before.
what if your teacher tells you that a report is due tomorrow?
that could turn many people away from reading certain books, or even going to the store where they even purchased those materials.
even what might be considered a great piece of work by most could be considered an abomination by some.
maybe you can go on or or or even your email.
people will still continue to do things they always did, just with something new on their list.
the flower reminds her of her homeland with her grandmother.
when all of these details combined, along with language such as.
teens do not care if your child is watching when they are fighting; they are not worried about that at that time.
he also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up.
the author concludes the story like this because it shows how the main character has been effected by the events or happenings in the story.
i do think in some cases then they should have to say why they want that certain material just to determine it is for all the right reasons.
it was useful and did not waste my time.
the possibility of heatstroke came to mind.
the setting had a hot sun, no trees, and no water.
i remember my friend telling me about her new dog, i never even heard of.
censorship is a law and it is commonly broken.
everyone has the right to read and write what they want.
when he sees the sign, it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
their family ) their job.
thirdly, there is many more options and sites to choose from.
that is why the author concluded with this paragraph.
the author also says how he admired how much strength and perseverance his parents had and how he has thanked them repeatedly.
just think what would society be like with no computers.
if anything is to be banned, i believe it is censorship
i think it should be that way about every thing.
country music for example is very peaceful to me.
goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness.
when the pumped the handle of the old rusted water pump, he said the water felt, somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
so there you got my opinion that censorship should be allowed at high schools
it all right there, together.
it helps people write better and better.
there are so many programs to use, that making a big presentation could take minutes.
my opinion on this topic is that computers are useful and i support this technology.
if someone else wants to read or watch the piece of material then they also have the right to do that.
this is her new home with new hibiscus.
why should things that bother other people be removed when they are not hurting anything or anybody.
the mood was happiness and loving toward his two parents.
in my opinion, the worst ones should be put away and only adults should be able to get them.
another example is this.
if books were censored, the quality of learning would not be the same.
however, will be threw a computer site (world wide web).
like i read one time about here doing something that was bad, and she should not be doing.
thank you for your time.
the computer teacher people
thank you and i hope you agree with my statements.
another thing they might do go to a website that could help them find affordable .
welcoming family in their home showed love.
most children are so amused by their own materials in the library they are not worried about the adult things.
a camel can tell of coming sand-storm.
they help you get hand eye coordination, let you research something super quick, and let you stay in touch with far away friends and family.
nature is beautiful i am thankful to god of giving us that beauty and all animals.
the food of the ostrich is grass
after these things come to try and adapt to ways of life.
i have one more reason why i think computers benefit, not effect.
second, it helps us connect with and meet new friends.
my second reason is kid might have to look important things up.
some people say that computers have negative effects, but that is not true.
so the only other option is the school library books.
there is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your a rising number of computer addicts because of our modern technology.
if they can be at home on the computer for hours then they probably can hang out in real life.
that does not mean that the item should be removed completely though.
it is something we cannot change, and it is important for kids to know how things really were and how terrible people were treated.
helping the user get the most satisfaction.
computers are like keys; they open doors to new places and ideas.
i have never seen movie and listening to my friends talk about it, i do not want to.
i believe that computers benefit the society in many different ways.
some people enjoy reading and listening to that kind of music.
months, husband and wife got killed because of .
the libraries would not be losing any money and they would be keeping the youth away from things that are not appropriate for them.
they have the same affect.
stay in one room doing the thing for books for a in a while people need fresh air.
every book that has ever been written has effect someone, either in a good way or a bad way.
our social studies teacher says that of his projects involve something on the computer.
i will take that test again, this is the test that she had failed that day.
personally i enjoy reading.
one can also find shops selling electronic goods.
but if parents were more careful about what their children buy then there would not be a problem.
in conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people.
you cannot sit there and waste your time on the computer.
people have the freedom of speech to say whatever they want to say, whether that be in written form or verbally said.
so what are you waiting for?
the people that think there should be censorship on library books will most likely get there way at least in their community.
the choice of what material you read should be left up to you, not restricted by what someone else finds offensive.
these are all great ways to use computers.
communication is extremely important in our society; it brings families and friends closer together.
maybe other people like that kind of music or etc.
now imagine all of those gone from the one place you can get away from screaming children or annoying neighbors: the library.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
everyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful.
one day he says to me because of i want to work with computers.
its easy to find entertainment and is extremely helpful and profitable.
an advantage of using it in school, means so much to the people and there education, computers have changed the human race forever.
he could go on an online dating site and meet the perfect girl.
we have learned many things from it.
they can be asked who they are, were they live.
like the examples in the passage above.
finally, computers can teach you life lessons by reading articles another person wrote.
if you are older, then you can probably make the decision to read or watch something because it is more appropriate for your age.
the narrator has gone through recently many but in the seasons.
more information, the better the grade.
that can advance the knowledge of citizens.
tumble weeds crossed his path.
the effects on nature and people are horrible.
certain books or other pieces of media are asking for the controversy that many subjects bring, while others are just unintentionally going against certain groups of people.
many kids are adamant about it, but with the help of a computer, they will be more willing to get it done.
to some it can be bad to others it can be part of their life.
students need computers to help them complete homework and class projects.
the mood created by the author is touching.
some people say bibles should be allowed in libraries.
my mother always has her heart and arms open to anyone who needs to be loved.
firstly, computers let us talk to our friends and family.
but if the libraries have censored content in the library, then kids would not enjoy it if they would have uncensored content.
and that concludes my opinion on how computers are helpful & lots of diverse ways.
for personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your fellow peers in order to work on school projects.
it puts a lot of strain on the cyclist but he manages.
multiple servers proud .
do it to learn it, sit at a computer website to hire someone!
they also have educational websites that help you with your work.
it would all just be simpler if book were just not banned from libraries.
dear , i believe that using computers has a benefit to the community.
if every person took off a book that they thought was offensive there would be no books left.
in conclusion, the computer is essential to our everyday life and without the computer, our people would not function!
also, the theme was festive because describes the large parties and dinners that were constant at his home.
yes, i understand some of this material be inappropriate for a certain person but there is a way you can fix this.
if some people want to fill their mind with filth, let them.
just being inside just make you kinda gang weight.
he is happy about how they invited many people over for dinner, and because of this they made many friends.
have fun where is the computer.
i sow seeds in the vacant space and water them.
have you ever read or seen a book that you thought was not appropriate?
they can have music, movies, magazines, books, and much more.
dear , i think that more people should start using computers.
he keeps stating over and over that he is so grateful of his parents and family members.
you will realize that their are more than you would believe.
a third example of the mood in this memoir is the way talked about the love for his family, and how important being thankful is.
next there is a change in terrain an he soon approaches rolling hills which are more difficult to bike on.
the book should not be put away, for there are also books that will be all about your beliefs.
because like i said everyone deals with it at one point, and not everyone can be happy.
if kids were reading books that the author found offensive, they should get rid of them.
another that computers effect people is their of finding or help on their .
he also had to go over a lot of hills and go through deserts to get where he needed to go.
the overall mood of the story was happy because it explained their happiness, struggle, courage, good outcome, and beloved memories.
i do not think that certain materials should be removed from the shelves.
a mood of hospitality was also shown in this memoir a lot.
if that happened there would be an ongoing battle about it.
these are all great forms of literature and a way of learning different things.
the authors of the books or items did not.
there are many ways communicate on the computer these days.
i love to play with my dolls, listen to music and read fairy tales.
so this are my reasons to support my opinion.
movies can affect someone, especially someone who is very young.
they also play with complete stranger.
also, no one has time to enjoy nature.
now movies are a lot of fun to watch.
year i wanted to play catch with my dad, but was on his old computer doing what he does.
materials in a library could also be found offensive to most people.
he serves his country and his fellow-men.
i think it should be up to the reader, if they can handle a book or not.
all work is noble.
if children want to see or read this material they should get permission from their parents first.
what be offensive to one person might not be to another.
then you remember you were supposed to meet you sister , but you have a hair appointment.
there has been incidents where that person did something illegal and then had to face the harsh consequences for that action.
computers help out by making possible to get all the info you want, like for a trip.
these books were offensive.
suppose books be even further distinguished by the location within a library.
because there were no towns on the road it made it very difficult for him to find water which led him into a dehydrated state.
exercising is much more better than being on a computer, and i say that to say this.
so, it is important to spend some time leisurely.
friends had told me that as well.
when you use the computer for games or anything you do it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes to used on the screen.
dear , have you ever found yourself thinking about the computer, or wishing you were on it?
it just on how you view it.
also if you were to want to order some things such as shoes, clothes, perfume fragrances, lotions and some even order house hold things if needed.
are they trying to keep their children from seeing it or just for their own selfish reasons?
i know many people think how come using a computer is not safe.
plus computers waste our time.
the author is describing these warm, comforting memories to help clash with the cold, bitter day the girl is having.
to begin with, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer.
it sure has happened to me, but you know what i do?
the elephant saluted the people with its trunk.
as a result computers would improve the way we learn.
we know their were many hills because in the text it says.
he is cultured and polite.
book hotels and airliners, they even allow us to interact with our friends.
would you ever read a book about the times if your ?
so, as you can see computers have a very negative effect on people.
all you do is type a subject to .
glance out the window and go back to texting on that laptop.
one last reason computers are beneficial for our society is because they can actually help you prepare for future jobs.
lastly, to find a happy medium between the offended and the people like me.
sure people have a freedom of speech but it should not effect what books belong on the shelf.
they have forget a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
without computers, things like looking for jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them.
these are the reasons why i think using computers is a good thing.
i believe the terrain very much affected him.
computers help people stay in touch, computers are only getting better and they help kids in many ways.
on the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can be very handy at times like if your need perfect directions or need a question answered.
the powerful words he uses in the last two paragraphs puts the memoir into a mood of love and perhaps even sadness.
lastly, computers lets us explore new places.
you can learn history about famous people places and events.
she went through a change, much like the geese do every winter.
what are you going to do to improve you public library?
they can set rules for their children, saying they only see rated movies, or they have to have parental consent to read a magazine or novel.
i myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games.
computers seem to be the talk of the year.
that probably gave the cyclist no hope for surviving of finding anyone to help him reach his destination.
also, you can order anything in the world online.
the reader should be prompted on what books they read before doing so.
please excuse the mess.
also the snow represents a blanked of the past / hard times.
it first starts off with grades.
there also several books that talk about the censorship idea getting out of hand like the book .
we need to leave every book on the shelves.
also some say computers can tell you about far away places but that what school is for.
the cyclist was running out of water and now thought he was going to die because everything was deserted.
he is looked after by his parents.
as he kept going, and sort of got of cause, he began to come into the desert region.
they can not censor things just because some people find them offensive.
this quote shows how the girl was getting use to the united states.
taking away for many.
who wants to have a damaged brain?
computers are a waste of money.
learn things on the computer, but only virtually.
there are many great things about computers.
website text is not the anything that provides information far eager learners also provide pictures to further the persons understanding about a topic.
happiness was showed in many different ways.
i choose to visit the library in search for books i could use to gather more information.
another person might read it and like it.
about a hundred students died from playing the deadly game.
although technology, namely computers, can be a wonderful thing, we need to look at the downside.
magazines also are sometimes good because they teach good things and keep you updated about whats going on around the world.
that line proves how much the mom and dad care about there daughter.
for instance today my class & i are going to the to look up info on seat belts on buses.
they are great ways to help learning.
censorship can be used to solve this problem, like in the book , it was used to keep books out of the picture completely.
it is not supposed to be just one genre that only one person likes.
freedom of speech says that we can say whatever we want when we live in .
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate in each other.
first of all how do we define offensive?
the author of this memoir gave the memoir a peaceful mood.
the author creates a very warm happy welcoming feeling by describing how friends and family are always visiting and how happy the family is all the time.
she says its alright and you guys keep chatting it all worked out!
they will they fall into a depression.
you can go on sites that you on your .
therefore, the setting was affecting to the cyclist.
people always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer.
my skills on choosing books for myself has changed since i was or .
plus i know a lot people who feel the same way.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
i had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading.
third of all, communication makes the world go around that why more and more people meet new friends.
that this family is filled with the most important thing needed to survive, .
lets use music for example, some music is nothing but screaming and cursing.
this saying teaches us the value of time.
the way that the mood shows love is in and .
you can choose whether you want that censorship or not.
but if it offended someone, should he be allowed to remove it?
computers are too important and beneficial to lose.
to , eating or hurting cows in anyway is a complete disgrace.
i do not believe that this should be done.
we may keep in touch with our friends and relatives through post offices.
she got shot by her husband.
interacting with family and friends.
movies that are that offensive should probably be in a movie store that states that the movies are offensive and could be inappropriate.
computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information.
nothing that has to be done, can be so trivial, as to do it sloppishly.
they help people stay in touch, help kids learn by playing games and help people learn new things about the world and more.
parents should want to keep kids far away form certain things that appear offense.
you can even find out how much an average family pays - every year.
is personal expression really that bad?
none was poor and none was unfortunate.
for the first couple of weeks, i felt like an outcast; like an outsider looking in.
we should be able to have higher knowledge on a topic we feel the need to learn about.
so overall, he made what could have been a depressing story, have an upbeat and happy mode.
there is nobody to tell them what is wrong and right so some kids might not know.
because of that, that does not mean she marched down to the library and demand that they get rid of all the books written by that author.
it is very beautiful.
if a person wants to buy their own music, artists are required to make two of the same album, one with censors and one without.
kids pick up some bad language from the books they read.
computers are useful but we cannot over use it.
and they try to blame it on a book, story, or show they had seen.
this brought mass attention to which caused many people to donate and needed items.
might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him.
this sentence lets readers know that times are hard now, but in time things will get better.
nobody can tell a book is going to be inappropriate just by looking at the front cover.
this a national problem about the contents of books.
if we did that, we would have to take away all religious books so that no one was offended.
so the cyclist said he would stick to his trusty map.
the also spoke about his parents and there life.
i hope agree with my point of view.
some companies are only selling items on their websites and shipping them to the buyers.
the amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade.
you have to look outside the box and know that there are people who really need to hear, see, and or do.
the flower represents something to her that gives her motivation and determination.
all he did was use that blasted electrical error call a computer.
you can get help in school work also.
many people dislike foul language but it could make the book better.
then again, if you think about it, maybe not so simple.
because of the stormy winds, the branches were swaying.
they gave up their career and beloved country to move to for her to have a better life.
this can improve foster writing, because you are moving the friend in your hand the same way you would move a mouse or type.
the computer has allowed people to have a conversation without a phone or being in person.
to me this is an image of selling sex.
slavery is a strong, bold word that represents a horrible thing.
if the reader does not like the book they are able to close it.
along the way he found an old abandoned juice factory.
instead of complaining about violence in movies and sex on you can make a decision simply to watch that kind of show.
i saw the front page talking about computer.
i remember when she moved to .
even though some people not take offense to any type of , you have to think about the parents.
computers can the history of place not us.
after all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, and learning.
the censorship of libraries is absolutely wrong and it is also unjust.
the test that she failed tested her memory of her home.
please keep reading.
exercise is something should yet to.
most of all, it can cause fights, which later on can turn into war.
they can even make there own side of the libraries with just censored things for adults only.
the mood created by the author is a heartwarming mood.
what is offensive to one person, not be offensive to the next.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
when someone finds something that looks offensive then they do not have to take.
the never ending, road.
instead of waiting for the reports to stop talking and , you can check instantly on one of the many news websites and still be early.
innocence in the library was gone.
now some people would have been very offended by this book, because the were calling the all those names that the do not like to be called.
people are ignoring their health and instead staying on the computer.
even if a movie has one offensive scene in it, the rest of the movie could be a great story that many people would benefit from seeing.
the cyclist in rough road ahead: do not exceed the posted speed limit was greatly affected by the setting.
to find out about current events you can read the newspaper or watch the news.
finally you can waste your time at home and not explore the .
i lost pounds by just swimming for a month.
he wrote about his great home and family.
maybe that will give some education.
it might be the context or the tone or even the person who wrote it; it does not matter.
for her culinary, love of food, family, and parent sacrifices will be forever grateful.
in some cases, some media should be destroyed and hidden from public.
my third reason give people the ability to learn about faraway place and people.
but the people who like the item say like an explicit they would probably buy it.
addition itself is a serious health issue.
and i hope it sticks around for a long time.
people who are not punctual waste the time of others and their own time also.
do yo think censorship is a good thing?
a lot of people these days are using.
everything has a base in nature, even ourselves.
he keeps the school notice board up-to-date.
i strongly feel that sites like these and many others have a negative impact on the public.
i think that in all grade schools and middle schools should have no books that have censorship in them.
we need computers for communication and to learn things that need to learn.
was very into reading.
children get hurt from doing .
most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents.
as long as no laws are being broken, there should be no problem.
while found disgusting to look at, my head was in the book because was fascinating.
the realization actually made me want to help those children who grow up in homes like the one described in the book.
she had a rough day, and the author wanted to make sure she had something to look as a goal.
his parents are very friendly and welcoming and treat everyone like family.
people could be in a dark room all day, isolated from everyone they came about just because they are on the computer.
one of the reasons f think computers have a bad effect on people is addictions.
so if you want to know what happen next you will have to keep reading on.
also, people are able to communicate online.
later in life, when things are bad for them, they will realized on how many fantastic things they missed.
and friendship was shown as well the way that friendship was shown by his parents keeping their door open to whom who did not have a home.
right off the bat, i can think of many offensive or inappropriate books, movies, songs, and magazines.
people will spend less time staying active.
parents can just decide they want their kid(s) to read, watch, or listen to
the features in the setting, such as the ghost town desert, and the juice factory, give the cyclist a sense of hopelessness.
some people are with technology that they almost get addicted to it and use it every chance they get.
there not a waste of time.
i say if someone spends there time and effort then it should be allowed for those who do enjoy it.
these things are a great solution to the rising lost of entertainment.
so he put it down and walked out.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
, were you aware that for every min you are on the computer you should spend min outside.
she ventures to find all the plants that remind her of home and to relate them to her past experiences.
computers take away from some activities but think of how much harder and more stressful things will be without it.
this is clearly a happy thing to happen.
after six hours we reached kalka station.
it is a good way to end the story because the hibiscus was not involved in her life before she took the drivers test.
taking materials off of the shelves would be unfair to all readers.
computers benefit the society more than anymore will ever know!
the staff is not the one who reads all the books their customers do.
just the other night at dinner our waiter was from and he said he received all his news about his hometown from the internet.
he relates this to the flower being strong enough to survive the winter months.
business men are not the only ones doing that though.
if the reader is mature enough to understand the then the book corresponds with the age of that child.
i like to become an artist when i grow up.
at this point, the cyclist was mad at himself for not just using the map that he had brought with him instead of listening to the locals.
we are not like a video game that has seconds lives
this feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today.
for the reason that anyone can be offended, so they might just say it was worse than it actually was because they are mad.
finally one more thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online.
the setting in this story deeply effects the cyclist.
so parents be the boss about that stuff.
the response i got from those people, were unbelievable.
world is full of offensive and rather disturbing books.
the fact that he sees the grape juice factory is also ironic, because he is extremely dehydrated and the factory is abandoned.
no one thing can be deemed offensive by one hundred percent of the population and therefore no one thing can be removed without opposition.
people think during the winter there is nothing to do.
if he was willing to put filthy stones in his mouth to help him get through his dehydration, he was pretty thirsty.
just as the winter that killed the plants ending life, the spring will come and start anew.
if we put out a warning system it is fair to everyone.
now your not bored anymore.
his main problem is the lack of water.
censorship in libraries have you ever came across something in the library that makes you say, ' !
for example, you might love the computer but that love should not over power your time you spent with your family!
that she could just walk knowing that somewhere out there in the world that her father would be waiting for her.
situations will become better when libraries choose to censor and remove offensive materials from shelves.
if this is such a good environment for teenagers to be then why are they able to download bad music off of the internet?
or a person listening to hard and violent music feel upset or angry.
but if from of to fix it?
to the vast emptiness of the area in which he was traveling he could not stop somewhere to ask for help or to take a rest.
if individuals find the material offensive they should turn their back and not read or watch the programs.
if i call someone from a different country it would cost me way more but if i send them an its cheaper.
it is just like the book , where is watching, and that we are only based on what we are allowed to read, and even think.
many people in those businesses use not only phones to communicate, but computers as well.
it also lets you communicate with your family, friends, or other people you need to communicate with.
authors and writers write these things for the entertainment of people who want to read them.
the author explains how he has been telling his parents of how much more courageous their plan was then his would have ever been.
so i realized that i can go on the computer at the library.
but it does not deter any one.
there is no reason to censor a library, i believe.
it has made our long distance friendship easier and closer.
this is how i spent my recreation and leisure.
and she is absolutely right!
so far there has not been much progress in the lists so i would like to ask that if there are any readers out there reading this article.
in my opinion people would be better off without them.
so, now do computers help people learn more about our earth?
last it can save lives computers are great, if we were to loose them.
well, when does someone have a right to take a song off the air or pull a book permanently from a shelf?
most important of all, the life changing story about and how it changes peoples life today.
many of them watch these sport on tv, and many buy tickets to their gems and matches.
no, but i understand where others could find it offensive.
like if you have a that to like you can to online and you can talk to them.
i, for me, hate clutter, and i have so many school binders for papers to be lost in.
i felt that she had hope because she is willing to take the test again.
parents should have the say over what their children read and should not have that decision made by others
the mood conveyed in the memoir is love.
mood, means tone or a feeling, so the mood of this was grateful and happy.
in our own constitution it states that all are free; freedom of speech in particular.
that is my opinion on books, movies, magazines, etc in our libraries.
kids these day, have hard time to exercising because there are over weight by staying on their computer and play their computer game.
i am proud of my friend.
maybe their going outside and getting exercise, or their brains could be getting sucked into a computer screen.
computers help us everyday.
they are gone.
parents would also not appreciate if their children were reading, or seeing something that they think their child should not be exposed to.
the computer can help others communicate, help educate you, and even prepare you for the future.
after two hours, we finally saw a sign for a nearby restaurant: peanut shade.
with this shows that it was fun, warm, inviting, and exciting.
friends actually affect you health.
computers are much faster than having to go down to local library and look for a book that has the information you need.
the author of winter hibiscus decided to conclude the story in that way because she wanted to tie in the theme of new beginnings.
i, myself, know that too much time is being spent on computers.
computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society.
you can use it to find info.
that was how was actually voted in.
bulling happens to out of every kids.
however when you look at the facts a computer can teach a lot.
this is also a thing that yet children have the ability to read about.
usually a person chooses a book because of the cover or a friend has requested you to read it.
also, in my life, my teachers assign research papers requiring us to find information on a topic.
it only takes one time to become pregnant or become addicted to drugs.
this quote explains how the lack of water was a problem.
i think computers are good what about you.
songs made today can get a little out of hand.
there are too many magazines that try and expose women.
from personal experience i can back this statement up with books i have read going through my school career.
instead getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk.
people stay inside all day and do nothing besides sit there and just click buttons.
the only time people see mirages is when the are hot,tired, and about to kill for some water.
if they are constantly listening to foul language and what not, that is going to just stay into a persons mind.
but he was a poor student.
no one can force a person to not read a certain book or listen to a certain song.
when a movie is made and it is ' ' or is offensive to someone then people just do not go and see that movie.
so this is why effects education.
originally thought to spread ideas and faraway places, computers have been proven to do quick the contrary.
everyone deserves to read, watch, and listen to whatever they choose, but not everyone deserves to be around inappropriate things in public places.
on you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians.
there are other types of fruit trees as well.
dear , you know that out of students in grade go on the computer each night to complete homework and to connect with friends and family?
i talked to the people who have just started to use computers and out of people said that they had liked what they had seen.
she failed the test the first time, but getting the plant and seeing the birds motivated her to try again.
, you want your kids & citizens to get fat and lazy?
next, even the music today placed in libraries is not good clean music.
for my first reason goes along with personal values.
but the computer can give you the news in an article then show you it in a video.
a college university took poll one time.
computers are very helpful.
dear local newspaper, of own computer.
everything from check out isles at the grocery store to coffee makers at home are being upgraded all the time.
the problem is that people are spending hours on the computer each day.
some even give computers to kids so they can use it to study.
books or music with comments such as that should have notes written on them stating what they contain.
dear editor, computers are becoming more and more prevalent in the .
because of it he misses at least day of school a week.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very cool and funky.
not the way everyone else wants them to.
some people spend hours each day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that actually benefited them.
sure, there are some books that children should not be allowed to see due to offensive material; but why remove them completely?
she helps homeless teens find places to stay and she is always welcoming.
this is why materials such as books, magazines, etc.
i feel closer and part to keep in touch with them.
she knows she will have another chance next year when the geese returns and the hibiscus starts to bud.
in our hamlet, things are quite different.
that children will grow up and become adult, then they will know any way.
' are you reading' asked mom.
dear , i think that computer are a waste of time, but they also help you in many ways.
the entire place was buzzing with people.
use a computers and your life will be changed for the better.
a library is a public place for all ages.
computers can give you the answer to any question.
when my friends and i were learning about evaluating websites in computer processing class we came upon a site that seemed reliable, and accurate.
computers are amazing advancement and this is why you should use one.
through most the story, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a more negative way.
as you can see there are many ways to learn from having computer.
there is bound to be someone that wants a certain thing to be censored, but the government not see it a something to be censored.
the author says that in his community many different cultures came together and help each other through racism, and other tough times.
plus you can find a safe home with it.
some jobs you have to apply by computer.
have you ever been assigned a report and wait till the last minute to get it started?
parents need to protest so any thing they find offensive should get off of the shelve.
need computer to help us with research.
if books are being offensive, it can just easily hurt anyone reading that book.
last sunday i went to the delhi zoo with my father.
they are out in the world and and there is nothing that you can do to stop it.
if i see one, i just try ignore it; i do not pick it up and read the back or take it home and read it.
dear readers, of the most important inventions of the past decades is the computer, and it has its pros and cons.
these reasons are why i think computers are a big help in our society.
i think in a way it would and would not make a difference whether or not they were removed from the shelves.
who knows what is in store for me?
my name is and my views on censorship in libraries are that if any material that are found offensive should be take off the shelves.
book tend to be censored and even banned at schools.
also this setting shows the cyclist had to use all he had just to survive.
overall, computers serve many helpful purposes for people.
i do believe if there is a certain line of respect of course.
censorship will block out inappropriate parts of books, movies, music, and magazines in order to make these materials more suitable for all age groups.
our family will video chat with him over a program called .
the main mood is thankful.
the author is grateful because her parents came to .
they might really like the book or whatever it is.
one thing is the water.
he begins his journey confidently on flat terrain and with a large supply of water.
allowing viewers to make comments about the material could also be very helpful.
libraries are a great resource for information all around the world.
i do not really understand that.
it is a part of history.
you can not do the thing, in the pleasant air of nature.
if there is a need for things like this then have a special store for things like this
well, you can continue it on , or .
parents can just let them play games and read on the computer.
watch all children around the magazines or look at the magazines before allowing them to read it.
that my my opinion about why people should have computers.
magazines are a threshold of adult matters.
i do watch them, but i would never watch them around my younger sister!
no one would no about it and we would most likely repeat the holocaust.
computers can make some people feel like life is being taken away form them.
in my life time i have been to many libraries.
due to this, computers can bring loads of fun to users, and are thus beneficial to society.
the answer is computers.
it felt smooth and cool, with a hint of velvet toward the center just as she had known it would feel.
this is great if you have family that lives far away, or your in a long distance relationship.
computers are a wonderful thing to have in our society.
furthermore, people are wasting their important attention.
i know sometimes we are not able to see them as much in school.
she realized the once strange things were now part of her everyday life.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
i brush my teeth.
the army men play a very important role in our lives, as they protect our country.
in the they are struggling as implied by the mothers reaction at the cost.
those are a moods in the memoir.
censorship is morally wrong, as well as lawfully wrong.
dear , i believe that computers have a very positive effect on people.
i have read books that people have told me were not appropriate, and then nothing bad was in there.
when the cyclist continues, tumble weeds that look like diamond head snakes cross her path.
most people who go cycling ???
most of the features in the setting scare the cyclist but they all affect him.
lastly, having computer skills is very, very, very important in the real world.
you might create a book, a song, or a movie that will offend someone in a way.
second remind her of her home.
depending on your age you should go to the sections that mostly provides the thing you want.
other than things that people find offensive.
i believe that there should never be a piece of literature completely banned from public eye.
the visual, and nearly lyrical expression of the blooming hibiscus makes the reward and result of your struggles seem so much more beautiful
if we can get people out of the office this could even push them towards nature.
men, do you want to know the solders part of this war?
we, as children and teenagers see and hear about this everyday.
the can make up there own minds, and usually they do what is best.
school websites have information about classes, events, and clubs.
with all this new / quicker stuff you can talk to friend when ever you want.
i agree in away too!
it gave him that extra boost of energy that seems to have come out of nowhere.
as most children experience through their lives, they are greatly influenced by their parents.
however, everything that exists in society could be offensive to someone.
sometimes it is just not enough, children are still getting addicted to some materials at a very early age.
kids in the world hear bad language, see fighting, and even see people get shot.
the authors setting described a difficult terrain and harsh weather for bike riding.
there are also websites called online databases on the internet.
there can also be language that the kids should not read.
nobody stopped that.
i believe that almost of kid are on the computer because they have nothing to or it is addicting.
what is the first place you would go to talk to people online: .
i feel very happy to see the fruits, plants, and flowers in my garden.
the hibiscus in the story has symbolized her home and her grandmother, which symbolize happiness, so she will be happier when things get better.
many people in use the computer to talk to one of their old friends and catch up on things.
why do people believe this should happen?
the child will ask the caregiver that they are with ' does this picture mean?
plus, it is a great way to connect with past and present friends.
while they had to leave everything behind they did it for their kids and for a new life.
finally, you know how computers affect people.
we will all end up dies in the headlights.
i think we should fight for what the libraries should have in the build for our children to read.
i agree with that statement!
we need to turn the computers, bring out the board games and keep families together!
these magazines should have a section just for those magazines.
same way with the media.
if all books had to be appropriate for every age, it would take all the interesting out of everything.
books hold a great charm for me.
sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips.
computers drain and waste peoples minds everyday.
this is way computers can be a bad thing.
another reason is because the road turned into hills which made him use more energy.
if mother has casual leave, then she waits.
by growing up like this he learned how to give a helping hand to those who were in need.
public libraries are just that, public.
i always thought that was part of our constitutional right.
the government is taking out certain words in this story because they are seen as offensive.
i asked, ' happened?'
part of colonial simultaneously cause and reflects on this change.
these are the three effects computers has on people allows you look up information, gives you something to do.
i think the books in a should not be censored because parts of history get kind of gross and nasty.
what is so daunting about ?
why should books or other such ideas but lets get back to the subject.
in order to beat this heat you need lots of water which is one of his biggest problems.
that really would be the future of computers.
you have to look at it from their view.
he is grateful of his friends and family.
if a person believes a book is offensive, they can just as easily put it down as they had picked it up.
this will help in every day lives to to play catch with your son or to pick something up it is very important.
two days later they died because they had some disease and no one knew until it was to late.
the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, which affected the cyclist speed and energy to finish his trip.
initially, ones safety while using a computer is at risk.
because those books, and many others, are very important to us.
with the technology and all the other things, children are more vulnerable to these harsh words and actions.
we get milk in dehydrated powder from also.
what some people consider offensive, others not.
as we entered the airport, it seemed like a different world.
this statement also shows that you should never give up on anything that you do.
the owners of these libraries know what is going to upset people and what will not.
your are many things done and said in this world today that people take offense to.
well, how people do shopping online, there are hundreds, even thousands sites that offer great sales.
next , it is easy way to make friends from other towns.
our time most of the time is spent with our families not our friends came over.
computers have documents and it is the best way to type.
advances in technology.
my brother envied me.
they see things and then seeing them makes them think that kind of stuff is .
in conclusion, this is how the setting affected the cyclist.
we were watching a baseball game that was on commercial break one night.
so this heat will eventually heat up the earth.
the next big topic is .
and it is more and quicker.
computer are also great for looking up places.
she looks, and researches it.
i think the author chose to end the story the way he did because it shows determination to pass the test.
even if you are to have a high endurance.
did you know that computers are the number selling electronic device in the world?
the setting was also really hot, so the cyclist had a hard time getting the water he needed to keep going.
the geese represent the new place she is living in, and the hibiscus represents her old home.
this affected the cyclist by making him tired.
the kids that typed the composition said it took them around an hour.
thanks to a close friend.
whenever someone is bored doing nothing they can just turn on a computer, and play their favorite game.
being who i am , there should never be any offensive books, movies, and magazine in a local library.
winter is not nice, it is cold.
when she sees it, she remembers her past and is sad.
to me the flower is a symbol to the author that encourages her to keep trying.
when it comes to some things some are more opinionated than other, but in the end we all have something that we feel strongly about.
to start off, computers and other technology make life easier.
if you disagree with the book or whatever it be you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay any attention to it.
the mood created in this memoir is love and unity.
if you do not like something said or seen in some of the materials, then do not read or watch or listen to any of them.
he was very thirsty, but had to move on, looking for another water supply.
i once heard of an family complaining about a library because they removed a book about the religion.
, do you want to get taken by these child predators who know everything they need to know because of the computer?
no of course not.
would you want them to ask you questions about it so that they understand the difference between right and wrong.
those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family.
my final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress.
another setting i feature that affects the cyclist is the absence of any civilization on his cycling path.
in conclusion, this positive paragraph was included to show readers that everyone can balance back from a bad situation.
it was making very sexual references and had many curse words in it.
computers have a good effect for people of this age.
some people say computers distract you from friends when really they help you talk to your friends more.
for some students, the holidays mean more work.
the most common categories where censorship is not all right in my world are, books and music.
also it does not matter to me what kind of books they have in the library.
maybe if you find that great deal or help your kid get a better grade then you will realize how good the computer is.
they help you with projects or homework but many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
i treat people the way i want to be treated and that should go for everyone.
he has every thing he needs but some how it turns out bad.
instead of using you could go to the park to play basketball or baseball.
there are countless sites and to name a few, , , , the list goes on and on.
therefor, computers do have a positive effect on people you can stay communicated, updated with the latest news and have an advance education
you can also learn many things you never knew from using a computer.
my first reason is that some people at college are far away from home like my sister and my family talks to her through the computer.
these are just some of the many reasons why you have to check out materials from the library.
soon many ladies came out of their houses and surrounded them.
i can go on the computer and see what we had to do.
the veterans then might want the movie taken of the shelves.
inflaming the public is not what you want young authors.
what a waist money!
not with computers.
and talk to friends more easily.
this question could be answered in two very different opinions.
speech on: the educational value of travelling
this moves than easier to road the teacher and provides useful tools like spell check.
its simple with most computer soft .
if people could only read certain literature that someone else is deciding whether or not it is okay to read, then where is their freedom?
take for instance the movie ' .'
computers help teachers, students, employees, and parents.
secondly, students can listen to music.
so teenagers think, ' if they can do it, so can i!'
people be able to censor books, but no one can censor life.
kids can get by with watching them without anyone saying anything.
this can help heal or improve some people reflexes by making their eyes more keen.
granted, some people read very incriminating books that could get them in a lot of trouble, but not everyone should be punished for another persons mistake.
do i agree?
computers also allow students to email teachers in case missed classes and assignments.
the features at the setting affected the cyclist by dehydrating him.
books give people another way to learn new things, instead of in a class.
say you need clothes or shoes or maybe even games.
the censor often poses a few questions that do cause one to wonder ' it really better off this way?'.
when was finally free from a main goal was to have our freedom of speech.
writing is a form of expression, writers can express their thoughts, use their imagination to come up with fantasy worlds and unique characters.
do you turn it off and waist your money not doing anything about it?
the small change in terrain had a large impact on the authors journey.
one of my reasons are exercising.
until this point in the story to road has been mostly flat and straight.
my dear mother had come home.
it tells us that she will keep trying and is determined to do so.
when he first showed the old men his map he was probably thinking to himself, my gosh, what did i get myself into?!
the adults use computers for there work ability and in schools.
the mood created by the author of the home: blueprints of our lives is love.
the last time in the story the regard they will always remember her homeland
the cyclist was pedaling fine until these big hills came into affect and his energy was running lower as he went along.
throughout everything you do in a day chatting with friends is a good way to relax and have fun.
means that his parents (they) had showed him everything knows today.
their strong points are communication and the ability to gain knowledge quickly.
because she says when the snow melts and the geese return.
shows his is gracious for what his parents did and how much they care about him.
in this post decade, the percentage of exercise was gone down and computer bills have gone up.
we should not have the right to take anything off of a shelf.
in my opinion, yes.
instead of going to the same place every vacation, you can go to a place you saw online that looks just as exciting.
so you can easily go to your teachers website and there would be the explanation on how to do that specific lesson.
they should be able to hear very little or see very little but when they get older they are suppose to be use to this.
music is a great way to clear your mind and relax.
suppose every book relating to both world wars were censored and could not be read.
one main problem is the cyclist has a lack of water supply.
the cyclist also was traveling on unpaved road which required more energy than traveling on one that is paved.
on the normal road, the ground is smooth but think is a lot like and winding.
first and foremost, about of all modern companies require their employees to work on computers.
for example the lack of water was the biggest thing.
dear local newspaper, people all around the globe are using computers!
two of us went to the police station.
they both are search engines.
whenever there is a vacancy, suitable to their qualifications, they are considered for it.
soon he drinks most of his water of becomes increasingly tired.
they also dictate time, and as a result, children become obese.
quote is a perfect example of the minds of the world today.
this would happen we banned computers!
some books are too graphic for young children to read, and i think that one should have to be a certain age to be able to read them.
also might not be useful.
over and over.
people should be allowed to read the material and topics they enjoy to read.
certain books, movies, magazines, and music should not be accessed by everyone.
not only that but she had to moved to a new country and the loss of her grandmother really made thing worse.
nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences.
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message.
(paragraph ) despite the overt racism at the time, this community still came together and were there for each other no matter what.
it is your choice in what you want to read, listen to, or watch.
if libraries censored every book that might offend someone else, then there would not be any books left for anyone to read.
some people use the computer to make music.
this is why i think bout the books and magazines etc.
learning is a necessary tool in our society and nothing should be restricted.
for someone to take another persons right to read a book or watch a movie is wrong everyone has their own opinions and rights
my mother was concerned about the lyrical content of the songs i would listen to.
what is your vision on computers today?
this is exactly what is being done when someone writes an article or a book that they have published to be distributed into stores or libraries.
all you did was get worked up and you wasted money.
i hope you can see why we need computers.
that is why computers are great can easy communication.
we are all entitled to our own opinion.
they help you find information about many things on the internet.
it is a very watchful bird.
so all you computer lovers get off and have some fun being outside with friends your family.
asks four year old .
* he came across a fishing camp and received instructions on how to go on.
the temperature was very hot, where was little shade, the sun was beating down on him.
please take them into consideration.
but self control is the only way to avoid this problem.
be open minded!
they are everywhere.
do not let the world come to that.
different crowds of people have different interests that offend others.
if certain people at the library do not want to order certain books requested by citizens because they find them offensive, what would happen?
but too much censorship can become a bad thing.
dear newspaper, i am writing you this letter, about computers, in the hope that you will publish it.
that would lead to hundred of kids with on obesity problem.
, she begins to describe the love of her friends and neighbors, who she felt, were family.
in conclusion, computers impact proper in many positive ways.
when the government is making decisions that effect us that personally, do we still truly have freedom?
so the setting mostly negatively affects the cyclist.
on the hand, i believe the computers put positive effects on people.
talking to in country is unbelievable.
censorship can protect a child from information they are better off not knowing, but it also robs them of a chance to gain vital knowledge.
another positive effect computers have for you is that adults can pay bills and finances on the computer also.
computers are an amazing, and new technology.
or tag or just running around?
the author is very, extremely thankful for his parents sacrifice, love, care and selflessness.
there is icon inside one of your documents.
as mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone.
another reason why students should not spend all their time on the computer is because of their health.
whether or not if your talking about music, movies, or books, its all the same.
these that just one grade class most students are addicted to it.
yes some movies have foul language but people still enjoy it.
if everyone read the same books, listened to the same music, and watched the same movies, then we could have a very boring culture.
the mood he has set is love and kindness.
how the setting has got on to him, and he needs water badly.
history books can be one of those that really depends on your opinion or what you were raised in.
the computer makes this easier for us to do.
many people find this movie funny and entertaining.
the cyclist thought of him dying and the birds picking him clean, because he thought he would die because dehydration.
but in the story three main features of the setting affected the cyclist the most.
what do you do, get on your computer.
if kids are more careful online, and spend more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy.
made you can talk pictures and make a scrap book out of the pictures.
as many would agree, censorship is a growing topic of concern throughout the world.
it provides us with many kinds of fish, lobsters, corals, prawn and sea plants.
dear newspaper, you know that two out of three own a computer?
if people know the place that their ancestors came from, but they look it up crime computers.
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
this is how the setting affected him.
libraries are created to allow an open access to information for anyone.
everyone wants to get in first.
also because they had to leave their lives back at home and start all over again.
along with books, many movies and magazines are also being taken off of the shelves because of offensive material.
we have a brain inside the head which controls all the other organs of the body.
overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society.
people are wasting their days away on the computer.
, you imagine the kids in schools that you yourself run not being able to research on computers?
i strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea.
every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get.
if its in a public library let it be read people and children shall be free to anything in the library unless other wise consented by a parent.
if you think it might be offensive to you, then set it back on the shelf.
people believe in different things.
there should be age limits on books.
leave that choice to .
the author makes the trip to a fishing camp and survives.
everywhere i go, there always seems to be something, small or big, that can be considered offensive.
this is a powerful sentence that demonstrates themes in the story.
so why would we allow this book to be in the library?
of kids say that they are happier when they have something fun to look forward to, and happier kids do better work.
this could a leading of obesity.
even if we did take out these types of offensive material in libraries, it could still be seen.
in my opinion our country is about freedom and censorship is not exactly upholding the constitution.
now, lets bring this letter to an end.
authors chose their closing paragraphs carefully.
not everyone believes in the same ideas.
i have a friend name , and she is a computer addict.
as he sees the bait and tackle shop, he knows he can make it there and that when he gets there he can recover.
in conclusion, the mood of the memoir is very clear.
the features of setting affect the cyclist.
so thing can happen if you do the wrong stuff.
the mood created in this memoir is happy and warm.
it shows how happy he is that he can live in , and lead his own life.
when on the internet, kids are capable of accessing anything and everything.
imagine how much less forceful an angry character would be without a few curses every now and then.
with computers we can do homework with our friends without leaving our homes.
the author created the mood of happiness that the authors parents went through such struggle, but in the end everything turned out fine because they have family.
he understands that they only left for his benefit, and he appreciates that.
it is the parents who should take the books away from the kids.
we had to find certain books in our school library, using this system, as an assignment.
i can only hope that if i ever become a cyclist, i never have to endure this kind of situation.
everyone has an opinion and likely someone will always find it offensive.
the conditions and features affect everything about the cyclist.
the mood that is created by the author is joy.
then another, and another.
i am apart of a generation that is being affected greatly by the world in a negative way.
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
it also discourages him.
a better word for that would be they censor you.
this memoir shows how he is poor, but still can have a fun and interesting life with lots of friends and fond memories.
said as he ran around me.
many people can agree with me.
if i had a library i would sell just about anything i could.
adults agree that there is no reason for any rap to be released in a public place like a library.
for starters, all of these new and improved gadgets are time consuming.
the green crops, tall trees, and beautiful flowers left a deep impression on me.
the other one was water, the lack of water.
in the spring shows when the flower will come back.
of at states that the reason child obesity has increased so much is because children spend so much time in front of the computer and less time outdoors.
people need darkness to rest.
but we just cant get the nerve to do it.
i remember when i was doing a project on , of music.
this is reality and there is nothing that we can do about it.
i think it is a positive thing for children to know about the past.
you could visit a new country without leaving town!
yes, you can go onto websites that teach you day by day how to eat right and exercise.
you would get your way.
experts should not try to have less people on the computer.
just because you made a mistake and picked up an offensive article, why take it away from others that enjoy reading them.
there is a reason the rating is what it is.
this is because most people are usually on their computers.
or have you ever wanted to learn about a famous person, for example, ?
talks about sex!
starting at thirteen and up through adulthood.
yes, but you need to.
finally, computers are benefiting us with knowing directions and routes.
coming from a teenage perspective, at a young age, i was very clueless about all the terrible things sitting around me.
the author did not create any kind of mood that interested me to keep reading of this topic.
everybody might not agree on different subject and they would want a certain book, music, movie or magazine censored.
they are both rated differently on levels of age.
people could act like someone else.
communicating with others.
it is pretty clear to me things need to change.
when he first started the journey, he was happy and care free and the land had no hills and he flat.
also for businesses, their stocks of the company can be updated every minute.
when your on a computer, are you running?
you can learn trillions of things on the internet.
i believe that if books, magazines, movies, etc.
when he wrote his tales, he made the high class people sort of mean while he made the lower caste people on the humbler side.
this lands them into trouble all the time.
this proves that the reader was constantly drinking because of the time of day and year he was out.
as a result, people would still get to enjoy nature.
so there are children books and there adult books.
dear , experts are concerned about the use of computers.
we have the obligation to keep the that we have created alive.
certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found offensive to more than just one person.
taking away books of a certain subject could upset people that like that type of book or it could even pertain to their everyday lives.
they are extremely dangerous for our health.
many people believe that some material is unsuitable.
, the past few centuries when economics and the environment are put on a scale, economics takes the cake by a mile.
lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school?
if they change the book they change history and they take away knowledge from the children of tomorrow that slavery was a harsh, harsh thing.
they effect the cyclists confidence, and hope.
they reward him for his good service in festivals.
another girl came on a cycle with one wheel.
all in all computes are good for society.
the author ended the story in such an inspiring way because it strengthens the theme.
thirdly, i believe computer is a positive effects far away relative.
authors should be able to feel free to express there thoughts and feelings about a subject or topic in any way they like.
she refused to buy me the music and would not let me listen to it.
another example is my mom, teacher, she has using the computer to email parents if the student need help or up.
beggars are a great nuisance.
or you could ask yourself, what does it really solve?
this affected the cyclist mentally by making him think he was never going to see civilization again.
i think that having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about things in the world.
some of the other effects computers can have on people is keeping them in the house.
whoever thought that learning would be fun?
, the features portray sacrifice and bravely of the cyclist.
i can tell he is very proud of his parents because they gave up everything to come to so their children could have better lives.
if there are any books that have any types of adult content, they should be in the adult section.
but are computers a good thing?
they can help save the environment.
a few months ago i spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours.
lets throw an other aspect here about money.
everyone has different views also.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is .
ties back to censorship because of the way these kids were pressured into drinking.
being in that situation and setting i would have given up.
hello my name is and i am going to enforce you that computers can benefit our society.
have you ever wanted to play outside but it was raining or your friends were not around.
but you can highlight the important.
you can keep in touch.
movies can help people learn about the real world by seeing how to do those type of things as we get older.
games are great to get your mind going.
now i know some people not have grown up hearing foul words but many of us have.
technology has helped many people and still continues to.
when the cyclist is biking it is very hot, he says in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
a girl climbed up the ladder without any support.
if it were not for books and novels from the past, the current generations would have no clue of what history was about.
they are not a waste of our time.
lastly, our own health.
computers help the society a great deal.
dear the daily newspaper crew, i have seen some of your own disagree about using computers.
most importantly it gives people the ability to learn about the wonders of far away places.
also many games help sharpen your reflexes and your quick thinking skills.
where did this inspiration come from?
the mood that the author created in this memoir is a happy, emotional, and and caring.
one more reason she have used this is, that even tho your down you have friends and family to pick you up from it.
the way that the person is feeling is a big part on weather they try hard or they do not worry about it too much.
this is a disgrace to the school.
the mood created by the author is a happy reflective memoir on the family life of the author growing up.
he would do this day after day.
i feel the same way because my parent brought me here for a better life.
my sister, , got her first job by going on the museums website and applying right there on the computer.
many parents go hiking, camping, swimming and lots of other stuff but they that anymore.
cause they want to buy every thing in the book.
furthermore, instant messenger is the most addicting.
if it is a child or a young teen then i believe that the parents should have a say in what their children read or watch.
again i thank you for reading this letter.
the younger you are you can learn more about the stuff
also, i remember when my computer broke and i wanted to go on the computer so badly.
it is when you as a individual can act like a human being.
another reason, i think its such a lead idea is you do not get to enjoy nature.
that will save a lot of your day and it will save a lot of you money.
in addition, i happen to be a writer who write often everyday in many notebooks.
the joy of the people ended soon.
but any ways those are reasons why.
the never ending game of shielding this generations teenagers and children is already finished.
freedom to chose is something every person can have, such as what type of clothes you wear.
when you go on the computer the thing people go on is the internet.
they help you learn more, they are like and when you bored you can go on the internet.
, there were snakes in the road, which make the cyclist timid looking out for snakes so he would not get bit.
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
one way the features of the setting affects the cyclist is that the mountains make the cyclist more tired.
also, it is easy for me because i type like the wind; after practice, of course.
you are talking your friends, but its not the same as being with them.
ah, i love hearing my computer thunk on when i wake up.
passing on from people to kids to their kids.
dear , everyone love computers right?
the mood of this memoir is cozy in the beginning as he describes what his house was like and his own definition of family.
when he says this the reader imagines someone in an ???
i almost screamed with excitement when my father showed me huge planes near the runway.
it would impair our basic rights.
they were just writing what they thought went along with the story and some people took offense from the book or magazine.
in conclusion the internet keeps children from going outside to play.
the cyclist was expecting a small town with people in it and some type of good water supply.
the book that you want so badly gone from a library was most likely payed by you, the tax payer.
books are the basic learning methods of education.
after all, it is the only way to remain free of any diseases.
i went to singapore to spend my summer holidays with my uncle.
for one the helps us stay in contact with our friends that are far away without talking on the phone with them.
she vows in the spring and when the hibiscus is budding she will take the test again.
also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for.
one reason is because newspapers was the way to send out information.
it makes people think in different ways.
who can judge whether something is offensive?
water is found in oceans, rivers, lakes and ponds.
you have the right to either read what you see or keep moving and read what you want to.
lastly, is that you wont be spending any time with your family or friends.
kid just sit at home & play computer games such as sims & video chat with their friends instead of hanging out with them.
i know that it takes a lot to be able to let anyone into your home.
when she sees the plant labeled jasmine, she thinks of her grandmother that died and remembers how she used to put jasmine blossoms in her hair.
around nine at night, it started snowing heavily.
she felt that life was full of hope again.
just because one person reads a book or magazine and they find something in there that they do not like they call offensive.
think of everything you would lose, everything you could never get back, or would you rather do something that you would gain from in the future.
some old buildings collapsed.
another was the setting affected the cyclist is at one point tumbleweeds were in his way.
it makes research connecting with friends, and your easy!
her mother was very understanding and accepted it.
we should neither waste nor pollute water as each drop of water is precious.
he soon started to be out of breath more always have a high blood pressure and he started to become overweight.
if it is such a big deal, i think they need to be removed.
numerous flight simulators and driving simulators are available on the consumer market.
how will you keep up with your email or type of the articles for this very newspaper?
even if it is offensive to some people.
now a days, people are even loosing human interaction from these marvelous toys.
they are on to check , , .
it could be on the radio, on the internet, on the and what can you do delete all of that?
it is alright to not agree with another person says but everyone does have the right to stand up and say what they think about the situation.
as they are used for entertainment, education, and talking with people faraway, they have had a negative effect on people.
the sun is a star.
by sitting up straight in your computer chair all day can improve your posture.
many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
so my answer is no about taking things away that are not censored.
he had a number of dogs, cats, birds, hares, tortoises, ponies, etc.
some people believe removing items at a library should be allowed, but i strongly disagree.
also computers have so many different forms of entertainment.
companies use computers for easy access to the public.
computers help in a positive way.
computers have made communication easy for people.
teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit!
those are just some of the major benefits that the kids do on their computer.
a fast instinct is to say communication when you why humans need computers.
some people find the books offensive while others not.
people think that have young people exposed to this offensive material will effect the choices they make, and how they will react in certain situations.
i this because and family.
the more kids read about this, the more they think violence is okay.
library workers should also make sure the adult materials stay in the hands of adults.
then different learning programs to teach us a different language.
in this particular piece the mood was proud and festive.
therefore, you can learn about their culture and what they do in their country.
in my opinion everyone should have a right to go to the library and get whatever book, magazine, movie, and music they what.
this extends your friend ships with people.
the affects of censoring books and magazines go way beyond the libraries.
the a lot of his in the story.
for instance, you spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
it we did not have computers there would not be any technological advances that we have , one of the most important devices.
people can even order groceries to new house if they are busy!
do something else than be on .
you just have to be careful what music you listen to at a library because there are young people everywhere.
if you someone else they might not know the answer.
friend was getting very upset at this point.
books, magazines, music, and movies should not be taken off shelves.
people get a pleasant surprise when the clown starts dancing on the rope or wire.
i think that more kids should start interesting with family and friend more often.
but computers open up a realm of possibilities.
the information i want, is the facts that really happened, or took place.
the author ends with the feeling of encouragement because it leaves the reader inspired.
many books have things people disagree with, but expressing this is a part of freedom of speech.
people just need to stop being so selfish and start thinking about others.
studies show that over of children use computers for some sort of school work.
profanity, nudity, and crude humor, as well as many other things, are all over the media, including books.
without this right no one would be able to express their views.
now a days their are a lot more shier people who are scared to people and be friend.
they would love who they were and they would not believe what another person says about them or what they look like.
second, here are some dark secret of the computer.
two, it can teach you new languages you really desired to learn, and three, it can keep you updated on whats happening around the world.
so honestly no one can say that a certain book(s), music, movie(s), magazine(s), etc.
and, you can talk online.
she scolded my brother for making noise.
from my experience it did not turn out so good because my mother believed in physical discipline.
in this case, people would not come to the library anymore because they cannot read what they enjoy reading or find interesting.
some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it has a learning device.
then they type a response and it comes back to you!
sometimes the job can get boring, so workers just go on the computer instead of getting things done.
you can learn about whats happenings in other parts of the world, you can learn things about celebrities, and you can look at the weather.
who are we to say that everything needs to be removed off the shelves in libraries?
she knows that her winter is her test and that when she is ready, shell be able to take the test again and be successful.
there is a great heat in summer in india.
there will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects.
write a letter!
you must understand how important this technology is to our society!
my first reason is to look up information on the computer.
when these two topics are analyzed, it is so simple to eliminate unreliability and danger of the computer.
what kind of library is that
we can see what happens on the other side of the world.
for example, if the story would have taken place in he could have just stopped and bought water.
our public libraries should take it into their own hands, by changing their censorship.
are promoting it basically.
so lets start to cut our usage time down now.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he has to use more energy to pedal up hills and through rocky terrain.
after in done writing have to put all the materials away and then put the letter in the mailbox and walk all the way back.
look for something else more interesting to you.
dear newspaper my name is and i am a student that attends .
as he runs out of water, the landscape, and his surroundings, start to get drier and drier.
books provide facts and more reliable information than what you can hear from people.
dear newspaper, when you were a kid?
i must admit, i am not an avid reader on my own.
instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could be getting your hour of exercise.
i believe that offensive books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves of our libraries.
to talk to people far away is better to talk to on the computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other.
the right to choose what book they read is one that should not be taken.
waist of there spare time on their computer.
perhaps a restricted section would be in order if the problem would involve corruption of innocent minds, but a full censor would never be necessary.
now you are probably wondering, us.
many children and even adults are hooked onto the computer.
the people that abuse the access of their computer too much should think and find something else to do.
you can buy many things on the internet the clothes on food.
i can talk to friends on my phone by texting and visit my grandparents.
as time goes on, our society becomes more advanced with more and more unnecessary technology, such as the television.
every we go there is censorship.
most importantly, computers are the virtual gateway to all sorts of entertainment.
dear newspaper readers, this!
they have such a diversity because everyone has a different opinion of the lyrics, covers, styles, and plots.
if the contents of the book, movie, magazine, and the music are not true and can be found offensive then sure that should be censored.
dear newspaper, generation has grown up with the complex technology called computers.
he ran into a snake which told him that i am getting deeper into the desert.
in my own personal opinion someone could find a book offensive and another person could think it is reasonable.
the inner planets (mercury, venus, earth, and mars) are highly dense and rocky.
people sit at home standing at a computer screen, forgetting about spending time exercising, enjoying nature, or being out and having fun with friends and family.
most people east, sleep, and drink computer.
the scenery was very beautiful.
i would be too.
these are the reasons that the author ended with that paragraph rather than some other paragraph
constant vigilance is the price of democracy.
of people have never even been camping!
it offers and contributes many ideas and actions.
it was very beautiful and peaceful.
every person is titled with their own opinion but there should not be censorship in libraries.
in conclusion, one can say library censorship is a matter of opinion.
another topic most people argue about is books about sex or drugs.
hey, a small window pops up you screen.
it can also allow people to communicate online with others.
in more general terms, the grants freedom of expression.
it also reminds her of her grandmother who she left behind so now she is connected to the plant.
he had made it to a bait store for water at last.
my mom move.
think about it.
one you can use them for almost everything.
after narrowing it down she had made her decision she had picked , a she had never even heard a couple months ago.
he works hard and enjoys sound sleep.
there are not a lot of songs in the world that do not involve language, drugs, or sexual content in it.
he got a bolt of strength just from seeing a building ahead.
this is true, not as long as you stay reasonable with usage or your computer, it benefits you in many ways.
to begin with, the boy is very so grateful for his parents and adore them so much.
the flowers in the greenhouse reminds her of where she grew up and her grandmother.
overall, setting out and actually spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
they can do work over the computer look at houses, cars and lots of other important things.
her mother will be proud of her.
there are plenty of other sites and places you could get a book if you really wanted it.
i hope that this letter has proves to you computers effect on our society.
the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke caused me to laugh, ().
i was overjoyed.
after all the freedom of speech is written in our rights.
you be small and fragile, but if you plant yourself you can thrive with confidence.
with nothing but the tap of a finger, we can communicate with people worldwide, or sea the web for some knew information.
often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web.
i understand that there is reasons why some books are taken out of the library because of some sexual content.
dear local newspaper i think some peoples are not to much on the computers.
the cyclist only had a limited amount of water with him when he started.
it is great for kids because they need to know these things any ways.
think about how someone really likes that.
they all are very cute.
sure we would still have to use paper for somethings, but we would be using in way less.
people say that this music helps them calm their anger down.
this is how the mood created the author in the memoir.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
this includes children and families.
they have no knowledge of this part of life, so what happens when they get in the real world and grow up?
second, this can be there for purpose.
i just think that computers are ruining the life of many people.
every person in the world is different, but we have one thing in common.
you finally have the chance to talk to your old pal again.
this how organize my ideas.
the first girl answered, ' sends the wrong message.'
she decided when it will spring with hibiscus budding she will start her new life by giving the test again and providing her self how important hibiscus
in the ramzan season they go to the mosque to pray.
we also play chess.
in addition, you can listen to music, play games, and check sports scores.
libraries are often thought of as a room full of books inside a school building.
who just wont to get on a computer and read a book. '
he dedicates what he has learned such as cooking, manners, and friendship to his parents.
it is simply a tough time, doing this job.
street beggars are seen everywhere in our country.
the same for done for book.
if it has a good message to send to you will think about it.
it is called tools.
in conclusion, computers help in all different ways.
a few months ago, i put a message on the message board on the website which said i would be on vacation for a week.
the kids can look up and in seconds they have all the information they need!
her rich aristocratic parents wanted her to be a fashionable lady.
he decided to just give up.
if it is winter, the least kids could do is go sledding.
so this is my essay to you.
some books might be to explicit for a child to read.
life is full of risks, so let them know, that way when the time comes their ready.
taking media off the shelves is not needed.
i believe that censorship in libraries is wrong.
the author is very grateful to his parents for all that they have sacrificed for him.
also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends.
but when i get on a computer it gets to be much better.
if one is offended by a certain material, all they simply must do, is not look at it.
i soon found out it was a book that i would never actually read.
she took those books, the ones people were complaining about, and put them on their own special shelf behind her desk.
first, we should have computers because it teaches us things that we might not have been taught before.
to a is a classic example of this.
i think people under twenty should not be aloud to check out movies or music.
the mood is happy because it makes you feel the love he felt living with his parents in that home in new jersey.
this is why i think that people are spending to much time on their computer and it is having a effect on their life.
censorship in libraries rids people of their freedom to choose.
if you are offended by some of the material thing you should avoid it, not get rid of it for everyone.
i think that computers does have a positive effect on adults and their children.
people use them to talk to friends and family online.
it is where the author is trying to show to the reader.
if you take a break go on you relax simple games put out a variety of websites.
third, parents should monitor their children when they go to public places anyways.
mingled because the last paragraph thinking that she would stay again next season and keys very what she likes to do.
i couldn’t believe the characters i saw.
every person has their own right and if they want to listen to that music then they should be able to.
this shows how he is doubtful.
he should show good results in the examinations.
the computer is one of the top uses by , but i think we spend a little to much time on it.
my mother asked me to get up and prepare for school.
they need to show respect for the books, movies, music, and magazines they provide for kids, teenagers, and parents.
without this technology where would we be?
the offensive materials are out there to be pick up by some people including children.
as a member of society, i knew i would not want to read something not typed anyway.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly because there was tough terrain.
they type essays, or while doing research on someone or something, they could just save it and take notes on it later.
also state that the other of fortune companies plan to switch to computer based operations by the end of .
people write books all the time dealing with something that has happened in their lifetime or something from their imagination.
what is offensive?
many books would be gone?
i believe this is a great thing!
being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun.
all this would help to create a good atmosphere in the school.
well if one person has a right to something then it would only be fair for the other people to have a right for the same thing.
a word is simply a word.
although some experts want people to use computers less, that technology is required in schools.
those children then start to ask other adults and children.
for some, the library is a sanction where you can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible.
that is, we could meet people from lots of other countries when participating in international sports activities.
they wear dirty and shabby clothes.
such as pictures of nature, celebrities.
when we are assigned a project we need to do research on a topic and the fastest and easier way is by computer.
the marketplace is always crowded.
first, it helps you learn your social skills.
each person does the job the way he likes.
so gut just back off and let us read and play and do what in the hell we want to do.
on your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat and talk to people, and you can even boost up your grade.
this is how the author creates the mood in the story.
for some people books are a great past time.
you look shelf after shelf, not locating anywhere.
there are, as with any ordinance, exceptions.
we have to nurse it well.
books and music are just like people, they can send off the wrong message leaving a bad reputation upon others.
these children need to be taught that there is other ways to do things.
no one every told him.
the games just suck you in and your stuck.
i have cousins who live in and because of the hour time difference, its not always easy to talk on the phone so we use the computer.
also, nature in a magazine concluded the best way to find nature, is the internet.
censorship; the aspect of removing offensive materials from the public eye.
just to make the other person feel better?
i felt scared as i was alone.
you even notice that if you use the computer too much you will miss more interactions with your family.
that quote showed me how satisfied with how his life is now and how much the author is appreciative for what his parents did for him.
his friend suggested using one at home if he was having trouble, which he tries.
they can play music.
if people still are getting mad over petty stuff like that, then what are they still here for.
please get back to me with your thoughts on this issue within the next three days by email.
they try to do a better job of cleaning it up in the sense of picture, censoring out body parts and on the worldwide coverage stations their mouths.
you never know if someone is a friend or a predator trying to get you.
dear newspaper , look at advances in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on current day and people.
his description of his home and family gives readers a feeling of warmth and happiness.
the last reason i believe have a positive affect on people is because it replace.
its not just the kids seeing the stuff its everyone.
computers give you all that.
libraries are targeted toward every age group and censorship just allows everything to be appropriate for everyone.
they sit in groups of three or four.
that is why the mood created in this memoir to me is comfort.
this way you want go to place not knowing if jobs are available and seeing none.
this means that he or she was very hot and dehydrated.
people can also be any one they want online.
he states several times how grateful he is of his parents for them to move to the for him as well as making his house feel like a home.
well my point is people use computer a lot because they are, very helpful in many ways.
first, computers are used for education around the world.
when your at a young age, anything can happen, while your on the computer, even worse things can happen.
also, games on the internet cause kids to be drawn away from their families.
the lack of water almost puts him into a heat stroke as he is determined to leave the desert, riding his bike all alone.
they go to school for hours, then go to basketball or football practice, sometimes we just need a break.
they could even put a little label on the front cover of the magazine that says it not be suitable for everyone.
in my house all people in my family has a computer but of the computers are used once a week.
this memoir really sets of mood of love and comfort.
in my opinion i agree with computers benefiting society.
people now a days do not spend anytime with family and people use computers to interact with friends.
there are millions of chat sites in which people can meet and.
people with work to do might never get on.
so many people are addicted to it.
then she came back to reality and broke apart with sadness and failed her test.
if people really want to find something that is inappropriate they can find it somewhere else.
it is still a piece of history and was recorded for a reason.
no one can read about a topic that they are interested in if it is banned, this will cease creative thinking by not allowing people to think differently.
this way i am my friends and relax.
they can find passwords to accounts.
that tried to put a stop to it, but the plan never worked.
additionally, computer games can improve reflexes.
helping that child find what they want a journey that should be taken by both the parent and the child.
even though this be true there are other way you can do this.
we entered the airplane.
people are also not visiting friends and family and those are the most important.
what is in these stores only makes us stronger.
i think it is great for kids and adults to know what is going on in the world.
i think the music of is a big problem because the lyrics can be very offensive.
on showing people their recent jobs.
the computer helps the world everyday.
these are the reason i think computers have a bad effect on people.
music is a way that people can express their emotions without taking it out on the people that have hurt them or the people that they have hurt themselves.
as long as he is there, the whole routine of the house is upset.
the computer is a wonderful thing!
if people find it offending they should stay away from those certain types books or movies.
unfortunately, this is how children are to learn the nature of select authors and the world outside the classroom.
exercise is a big part in staying healthy and fit.
if a mother did not want her son to be exposed to fighting, should we take all movies, books, and magazines out of our libraries?
in the story he said i and the growing ???
reason number one why i say people are spending to much time on the internet is because it is dangerous.
there is hardly any traffic.
you just simply have to grab a new book.
do not ruin it for other people.
let me compare this to a book.
parents should monitor their children while in a library as to not let them stumble upon something that they would not want them to see yet.
talking online is very fun.
if it is offensive in the first place then no one should be forced to read it.
he is greatly affected by the heat and was so tired he wanted to make sure the building was not an illusion.
the rocky road and steep hills made him peddle harder.
the foods that we choose are a lot like the books we read, there are kinds we favor and others that we would just try to avoid.
computers help us look information, talk to people around the world, and buy stuff from our house.
the author notes his parents were a huge part of his life, exposing his to his culture, family and friends, and they home.
instead of worrying thoughts you or not remember, you now have confidence that you can look back and find your thoughts right on your .
most not happen, but there is a good chance that some of it will happen to someone in the world.
for example, in his story the of .
he had a big yard for them.
i believe everyone has their own choice when it comes to taking a book off a shelf.
consequently; movies, books, music, and magazines with foul language does have an affect on our youth.
nowadays, children can look on the shelves of libraries and find any type of reading you can imagine.
some people even create movies on special programs.
age restrictions on renting those offensive types of materials should be set.
while one reader love the story and wear out the pages, another get halfway through and never finish it.
some think everything should be a little cleaner others think different.
fresh air clear your mind.
when doing this you can play some really fun games on a rainy day when you are bored.
finally it makes you more social.
placing these certain materials in their own section is the best way to go to benefit everyone.
emails are a great way to send information.
my first reason is you can find stuff online.
is a computer going to benefit society, or will they have catastrophic results.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
also, he talks about how close he was with others.
despite limiting exercise, they encourage learning, and the exercise of the brain.
i think there should be certain areas and age limits for certain materials a person could find in library.
in school you can do projects on other countries without traveling just by using a computer.
yes people do spend that time in computers a lot, its because computers are very helpful in many ways.
so, consider liking computers.
and, computers could help with gaining more general knowledge quicker.
not everything in our lives has to be controlled by someone, so people should lighten up and give some freedom of choice.
although, this book contains a rape scene and numerous other inappropriate events that this woman was succumbed to throughout her life.
censorship such as in the book, is being used.
from one reader to another, taking the on what we read is the real solution.
it would also cost a lot more money to call.
why are the discouraged people reading books that are setting bad examples?
in additional people think it keeps them busy.
many more things that offend people are always going to be there.
he stays in queen street, a very busy and crowded area of singapore.
they can be amazing for a while but only for a while.
someone can be good looking, smart or confident.
if computers are important to them, the could they be destructive to society?
it was a hot desert and he needed something to drink.
this is why i think the authors mood is happy and calm.
what good does that do anyone?
the cyclist has to watch out for a rough road he was going over.
censorship in school libraries is important, but at the same time it is not necessary.
magazines, movies, books, etc.
also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know.
the influences one encounters can be either positive or negative.
there are millions of people in the world.
text books are there to nurture value among the young minds.
those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends.
i understand the concern for parents on censorship in public libraries, but there is a way to stop it.
these are just some of the reasons why computers are a help to society.
one evening when he was resting he got into a deep conversation with a couple of elders.
most of the time you know what your looking for before you go to the library anyways.
when you don' interact with your friends, your friends might not bother trying to talk to you.
when parents send or take their children to a library, they do not expect their child to be able to pick up something that is not appropriate.
people are spending too much time on the computer and less with friends or family.
the memoir also makes one feel very grateful for what they have, which, is another mood.
s they had no problem finding a home.
with all the facts i have given you i hope you agree with me that computers are very helpful nice and safe.
think about it next to you look at a copy of ' ' by ; is it really that offensive to you?
in conclusion, the computer helps society a great deal more than it hinders it.
this memoir did however express a lot of feelings though.
i wish i could play with her like i do with my other friends.
dear local newspaper , are computers really as great as they seem?
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting affects the cyclist because he has to cross different types of land marks.
i interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around.
these magazines should not even be allowed in the libraries across our nation.
her old life is represented by the hibiscus; she used to the constants from back home.
any one can use them and learn new things at the same time.
the girl says that she is going to take the test again when the hibiscus blooms shows that she misses her country and still wants to be connected somehow.
in the story, winter hibiscus, the author concludes his story with an odd ending.
i know that they want to protect their kid from seeing that stuff but its going to happen one day so they might as well get used to it.
nowadays with all the great advances in technology, peoples are always glued to computer screens.
imagine if nobody had a computer how would we research so much of our knowledge?
where ever you go there is always some sort of .
the parents do not want to get their child having bad ideas of what the movies are saying.
in conclusion, the computer is one excellent way to interact.
in this passage the mood is set to be grateful, happy, and loving right from the start.
although some speech is looked down upon, it should not be censored.
also the temperature was still very high and he did not have barely any water left.
with computers come the internet, and with the internet comes games and social networking sites.
laid his books up on the counter and we checked out.
more and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life.
i think that if we could focus on the factors in hand, such as censuring we accomplish something no one else has.
but if you can' get out of the house you could do something a little different from computers video games.
it is important that people are aware of what their children are seeing.
they have the freshness of a dream.
the author shows the love of his culture, home, and family.
each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products.
being lucky for what you have also is a synonym for grateful, meaning that the mood of this memoir was grateful.
fem the ghost town to the bait shop, it was all a challenge for him.
this in turn helps to keep our minds healthy.
buying books that you would like to read can get expensive.
taking offensive books out of the library will not stop people from reading them, but this will decline the library usage, and people will slowly stop reading.
my aunt and uncle live in and they were just blessed with a beautiful baby boy, .
computers help because if you mess up of what your trying to say then you could just erase what your trying to say.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people.
so, the base they ace at you can talk to them over video mail.
the internet truly is an amazing tool!
i strongly believe that computers are bad and people spend to much time on them.
and lastly do you want your put in danger by simply just using a at home.
you know a large portion of people think this is harming our society.
for example; reading ' ' by in my class last year was more than appropriate, though rather boring for the majority of the class.
this right should never be taken away from us
if you cut the blood flow, bad things are bound to happen after that.
their business would fall.
many people base their actions on their own views.
limited computer use or parental control would really help prevent this.
one could see why computers are bad, but they benefit a lot of people everyday.
why you ask?
that line was from the last page of the story.
computers can be great things.
some obstacles in the story such as hills, forks in the road, and also rough road.
if it is hot and you have lots of hills it makes it hard.
she now realizing that she now by a whole new opportunity and life to start.
during this memoir he is very excited and thankful for the family he has.
doing so would, could, and be harmful and dangerous depending on the act made by the child.
the gentlemen gave him wrong directions because in their time that was right information.
so why try and control us all as one.
during the holidays, students are free from the burden of books.
the library is a place where you can be humble and relaxed.
the mood is also family because when someone needed a place to stay from their family they would let them stay at their house.
when people are going to lay on the for minutes it takes hours!
prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday.
as we were reading the book i honestly thought it was a very interesting story.
students and teachers all enjoy it.
there was nowhere for him to find water for miles.
from the creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down.
this is how i feel on the matter of getting ride of books.
the computers also lets people talk online with other people.
and put garlands of
this is not tolerated but still it goes on through the world.
many young kids, some as young as fourteen or fifteen years old, go to parties and drink.
that is why will need technology.
we need to have more books like what the teacher was trying to teach us.
like in the end it says i will take that test again.
kids and as adults have a big imagination that could sometimes hurt others as well as family members.
third reason every could be offense to somebody.
interacting with friends and family is important for everyone.
some items can be offensive to some but not others.
but, they have disadvantages.
a hobby is the best form of recreation to mind and body.
i believe that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves in a library.
like i said, i have a computer and i can use it to help me write.
with the advances in technology average people can be updated on the new around the world every minute.
so, setting can break a cyclist.
are all great shows for kids.
this is a very serious matter that all teachers and parents should realize when they recommend books to children and even teenagers.
we all want our kids to be happy.
due to this i have found the tone to be, loving and admiring towards his parents.
that experience i had at the store that day let me know how it felt to have my wanting of something be shot down.
what do you think?
why should the library offer things for children that parents would frown upon?
he is healthy and strong.
i will explain these reasons below but before i begin i would like to add that most people want to censor things that they fear.
life is filled with mixed society and emotions, so not everyone will agree on the same thing.
the they want to.
children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings.
so she goes to a green house to find plants that are similar to the ones she used to have in her homeland.
libraries have the absolute best resources a place could have or ever wanted.
a book that needs to be censored should not be in an school.
the long, big hills that he had to go up and made him more thirsty, but probably more satisfied when it was all over.
but with computers and online sights like , or you can talk to virtually anyone in the world.
one you can use them for almost everything.
the computer also helps out with adults and their jobs.
then what can you do?
a book is a book.
the phrases and statement show that the author feels very grateful for what his parents have done for him, which create a mood of gratitude.
while i was in middle school every day i would have a book with me to read.
the major thing that effects him is the lack of water.
would ruin the economy.
the used it in the colonies during the to keep the colonists loyal to the crown.
benches and chairs began to float in the water.
they have books over everything.
this author did as well.
wait i also agree but spending time on your computer can actually be a good thing.
so why should you take out offensive material?
everyone knows it and everyone loves it.
now remember, computers have bad effects on people because it makes people unhealthy.
we citizens are allowed the right to make our own choices and in libraries, the should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want.
thank you for taking your time and reading i really appreciate it.
once a person is online, there are endless amounts of site to access on that are not always trusted.
remember, it was built for those who enjoy reading and so people can have a place to do so.
we do have books here that are kept behind the librarians desk that if you really wanted to read that book its behind her desk.
now in a library yes because no parent would want their eight year old daughter reading about how to make drugs.
she is finally settling into her new life and says that many of the things she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
i know i do.
before i new it, school was half way over.
if these offensive things were not aloud to be showed i personally think it would help out are country is full of racist people and documents.
material such as this should be put away somewhere out of sight, and requested if wanted.
the computer or great way to find a job.
she had decided she will retake the test next time she gets a change.
it allows you access to websites that help you talk to new and dd friends.
you would go on the computer, look up directions to and print it out.
all of these reasons prove to be a positive reason to use the computer.
that is about all i have to say on the topic.
other like word, help you set up writing essays and stories.
the wounded cyclist was removed to the hospital.
but guess what they are in the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with your family.
also she is making a promise, or a vow to her self and to not give up on her goal.
(paragraph ).
i hope it is not just me that sees the good that a computers brings, but anyone else that have taken a glare at this letter.
i can see why this bring up many conflicts; as computers can be very helpful.
most of someones life can be saved to the computer.
computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families.
some people want to read or watch something with such content.
you can learn so much about him like where he was born, how family relatives did he have and more.
libraries should keep the materials cause maybe someone wants to know the meaning of being offensive or being offend.
taking away the things we have rights to, taking away our freedom and free will.
the text says,a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth.
were you ever given a school project to do, but no book has the information you want?
there are many books out there that might not be good for children to read, but it might help them make better choices in real life.
during the rainy season flower plants grow rapidly.
the railway station is the place where people wait for
computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs, and helped law enforcement.
three of those things are heat, lack of water, mud its anything town.
that has yet to become the problem.
these people have a shorter lifespan!
even though this is a very depressing and horrific subject, it is still good for our to learn about what happened.
that' the parents fault.
in my case my mom did not want me to watch anything that was bad.
plus, you can get arthritis in your hands if you type to much.
if people are wasting away, staring at their computer screen and not getting any sort or exercise in, the number will get bigger.
you can even be really social and meet new people, as long as your safe.
there were some dwarfs sitting nearby.
the last thing we need in our society is fighting.
outside of school there is so much more to learn.
i , computers help you learn about all kinds of things.
they going to hear it anyways so why try to stop it when there going to end up hearing it.
life is too short to sit around all day.
a tone that shows that he will never forget all the things his parents gave up so that he could have a good childhood.
first reason that computer have a positive effect on people.
, as the famous saying, your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?, flashes through your mind let me answer that for you - .
there are children that look at anything they want or what they think looks interesting.
people love to read gossip, and learn about the latest trends.
the cyclist was dehydrated but kept going to his destination.
really opened up my eyes and i am extremely happy i read .
in my conclusion, censorship is not good in our public libraries because it taking basic things out of the libraries and taking half of the reading from people.
if you live in a city with not a lot of nature in it, you can see what its like outside it with the computer.
writing is a way to express yourself.
these types of entertainment should not be aloud to be removed from public or private libraries.
how this benefits you is because if you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat.
if one read now between the lives it says more than just this.
a lot of peoples time.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
did you know a lot of people spend their time on the computers?
most people, instead of taking action, will be on the computer.
the unemployed are required to register with these.
if the act of censorship begins to expand, everything we know today will become censored in some manner just because one person would find it offensive.
there is no doubt he will get dehydrated.
because people think differently.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is.
if someone where to tell me that the book is changing their lives into something that is unbearable.
people are also in busy with there computers that they spend less and less time enjoying nature.
music is my passion.
just like other electronic devices, computers can help you with hand eye coordination.
people should inform themselves about something before they view it so that they are not offended by the content inside.
a lady took a fancy for me.
why does everyone have to sit in front of the computer anyway?
the mood in his home is always happy, and thankful.
if it does happen, we would be deleting part of our history and knowledge.
the setting in this story greatly affects the cyclist.
also he says, summertime rattled around in the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain.
rainbow is not a real thing but an illusion.
magazines have certain articles that are racist and certain articles that are very offensive to certain religions.
if we were to allow one person to judge things what should be included?
the author concludes with that because she kind of relates herself to the flowers.
these books can also be accessed by children.
the first thing you could do is learn.
there is another way of cheating, copying others work, essays or articles form a website.
if you have a report to do on of faraway place instead of looking through you can look on the internet for information.
they would rather go on the computer.
education is an of all need, but what if the college that you want to attend is too far from home and you cant afford to move in ?
have you seen all the interesting and amazing things that computers allow us to explore?
neither are legitimate reasons for censorship.
you could be helping your family or friends out but instead playing computer games.
as he began his journey, he had full confidence in the directions given given to him by the old men.
the book could be a interesting book all there is to do is try it.
those computers can help us with anything.
however, be careful you read or watch, for it might not please you.
there is no way to approve a book to not be offensive, because it is not offensive to every person who reads it.
it was my eighth birthday.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
he ended it this way to show the themes of this story.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the question of what about her test?
she was going to give up because she failed the test but she seen that plant surviving through the harsh weathers and that gave her more confidence.
there are ways that censorship can be good, and some ways that it could be bad.
another thing that affected the cyclist is the steep hills he has to go up and down.
get out there and get a computer.
many people have been talking about computers in the .
but it also allows us to communicate with the people online.
paper no made from trees, so must be cut down.
if i had better hand writing i would have gotten a better grade.
, it teaches children and adults various now things.
if we all took off one book that we found offensive then our children and other children would not be able to read.
computers are a good source to have, now that is just my opinion.
that is why they put it in there so they can get their money off of it.
the computer is the item that organizes it, for your entertainment.
one good thing is that you get to talk to people.
the first town he reaches upon was a ghost town so that means he could rest get his supplies.
you can go online find what you want click buy and chose your shipping.
he had to spend more energy to go up the hills which caused him to loss a certain amount of energy.
with politics being a serious matter, many people can overreact when someone tells them what they believe and think is true is really not.
the heat gives the cyclist another obstacle to overcome in his struggling to get to the next town for water.
we cant believe everything that said on the computer .
dear local newspaper i believe that computers are a great help to society i will explain my thoughts and ideas to you.
i think that if censorship is controlled correctly it can become a powerful tool in any library, school, and even home.
i, however, believe that these materials should not be taken off of the shelves and be put out of reach of our youth, or adults.
secondly the internet is very easier then books.
homes offer security and feel affection for human life and it is one of the most important things.
ever heard of social networking?
but do not censor everything so that people who do enjoy these materials can no longer easily access them
is right, we can also be aware of the environment.
we can be a conqueror if we learn more and more from our teachers and books.
i wanted to row but my father was afraid to let me do that.
many things influence people of different ages, race, or religion.
they also solve geographic problems.
one more reason is communication.
as you interact with people on the computers.
there are countless religions in the world today, many of which are accustomed by their own god(s).
you want people to be over weight?
this both right and wrong.
like all proverbs.
in conclusion, the world has become absorbed in the unrealistic fantasies racy books and magazines provide.
communication is not as easy to do by phone anymore because people are always busy and on the computer.
here, he creates a mood of warmth, and a very family oriented upbringing, all positively.
also we could look at places we never saw before and if you want to get some where you can go the computer to do that.
she said this because she was comparing her test to the hibiscus.
different types of these works of literature are significant to each person.
he makes it feel that you too could be invited into their home with open arms.
i hope you enjoyed this letter and take it into consideration.
people have classes online they go to mothers that are single that have kids for example, they get their diplomas and degrees of the computer online.
could use the computers for .
i was always the youngest out of the people i hung out with.
so get off your computers go out side and stay fit!
the overall mood created by the author of this memoir is one of complete gratefulness.
its always nice to smell the nice air after being in school all day.
i can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the book shelf.
i would listen to the complaints of the students.
do you want to relax and do something fun after ?
i believe when books, music, movies, and magazines publish offensive material that it is just a matter of opinion.
although chat rooms on computer can be useful, they can do also be dangerous.
traveling on a flat road requires much less effort then climbing hills.
he is very cooperative by nature.
sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen.
she planted the plant despite the cold, hard ground.
history has shown us time and time again that totalitarianism is unsuccessful.
the mood of this memoir is nothing but good.
i believe that it would be very useful and helpful for many libraries to allow a varied censorship of books.
the computer also has various pictures which is also good.
this is why i believe the author ended the story this way.
also it gives a great learning ability to people, particularly student.
you can look up the weather for that time.
also, he started out fine, then he started to become dehydrated.
there is a difference between having books that educate children about other cultures, and those that educate them about sex and explicit material.
they can help you do a lot of things that others not.
imagine if no important business was trying to be in contact with you by cell phone, but you missed the call.
so now what do you believe; should certain materials be removed
sometime the teen is persuade to leave their home and neighbor hood to meet the other user.
i will fly around blue oceans and beautiful mountains.
he takes his dinner and then sleeps.
but, other books can have mean or hateful affects on the person who is reading it.
in a nut shell, knowledge, exercise, and connecting with buddies are all positives in the computer.
computers make you unhealthy, bullying takes place on the computer, and it effects how you do in school.
your in luck a computer teaches you.
lastly, using computers helps teach responsibility.
go make some real breathing friends in person.
even though the right of removing things sounds like a good idea, we should consider the thoughts and ideas of others.
another mood created by the author is gratefulness and thankfulness.
are very commonly asked questions, and should have attention put toward them.
all these different features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
and even better, you can buy a tax program for you computer, so you never have to leave your couch!
the reason it being in such a remote area did not help.
everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies.
if libraries continue to keep these items out of reach of children, then there should be no censorship in libraries.
lastly, will stop you from spending time with friends and family.
what is the difference?
if you know your over weight from the computer.
another example would be if your mom or dad went away for a few days, weeks or months and you wanted to talk to them of ten.
this is because now that they less people feeling less squirrels live in the , went live in the to find food by themselves.
the library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination.
he even told the concerned people what he expected to get.
there is also caring and selflessness.
the bad effects are very serious and dangerous.
she is going to look on the bright side of things and restore her self to come back and pass the test
computers help of future learn & with all these learning websites, will be able ti teach them solves new things.
you cannot show foreshadowing, or show the anger.
you can enter a free chatroom and meet someone from .
but think of all the advantages compared to the disadvantages.
computers help students do there school work better.
you want the kids in to spend hours each day on the computers playing games while they could be outside getting fresh air?
another feature computers have is that they can actually educate.
my last reason on why computers are good is because of studying, one thing that always happens is i leave my textbook home.
a man says.
in addition, the cyclist had to decide which way to take when there was a fork in the road.
lets find out what i have to say to these people who think that computers have a positive effect on people.
older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack.
computers let you learn more because of the internet.
here are some points to help support this parenthesis identify a new mood, his gratefulness, and his view on things.
when we walk into a library full of books, theirs a huge variety of any kind of books.
the library has educational movies for children that not be available anywhere else.
in conclusion, there should be better censorship restrictions on certain materials.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy, enjoyable, and worth living.
i was reading out of a magazine; yes the magazine is intended for adults but i obtained the skill to read from it.
dear editor, do you do all day?
in some way yes, but in other ways no.
computers help us with our education.
i know i do that all the time.
believe me it was not easy.
but, there is also other reasons things that can be offense to others.
games teach you to act with a team spirit.
was happy with his decision as well.
as i said before, media is just another way to gain knowledge
think about your children, when they grow up they will need to know how to use a computer for school, or even a job.
i have read it and was not offended.
the world holds many things that can be found offensive to someone.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy.
but they must come to understand that those same books help people tremendously.
just because one person does not approve of a book does not mean that book should not be offered at the library.
now imagine if we were able to stop that.
so once the clock turned to , i put her to sleep.
imagine a world where we had never heard of or .
a common side effect of dehydration is hallucination, which the cyclist knew.
secondly computers make time enjoying nature.
sooner or later five pounds is gained.
the books on each bookshelf are or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first.
libraries should never remove any material just because it be found offensive.
all the old people i know hate all the rap.
taking away all of these things, i think, is a mistake.
sh might have also understood that if her mum could get over being mad then she would over come being upset about the test.
also every thing they get from the computer you get from book.
you can always substitute other words in there for those or just skip over them like nothing happened.
another reason why i love computer are because when i have to write a project i can just type it!!!
in this memoir of the author creates a clear mood.
i know this is my thoughts and believes, people completely think what i wrote it stupid, some think its smart.
but, when they here that word or read about something or watch.
this is another big concern for people in .
the information then they like how.
in conclusion, people should spend less time on the computer and more time being outside, with family, and at really fun places.
we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who their jobs on computer.
the effects it has could be significant.
music is sometimes said to help people cope with life problems.
in the library.
this is why i believe that computer you.
let people make there own decisions.
also your students computers get viruses because of inappropriate sites.
in this period, they do not eat at the day time.
if you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer.
is a very true statement.
computers help people stay organized.
go outside run a little, you would be amazed how much a little exercise can help you.
the books, music, movies, magazines are not there to offend you in any type of way.
a big thing that conflict with censorship is the idea of religion.
this quote means that it was getting hotter and this was going to make it harder for the cyclist to ride.
on a nice or day, people should take this kids to a local park or pond.
some people feel the need to disagree and say computers are bad for people.
this means that it was hot and he could pass out from a heat stroke.
please consider the following about why it will be more beneficial people do not spend as much time on computers.
censorship in libraries.
after a while she planted the flower in the vegetable garden.
also, when i was in fourth grade i had to do a project on .
not all censorship has to do with sex.
the library is meant to be a place that is filled with materials of all different genres and types.
should not be removed from certain library shelves because people have enough sense on what they are interested in and what they are not interested in.
i hope that you will too.
once you give something to the internet it is lost forever.
the titles of the books are displayed on boards.
people should be made to realise their social and political responsibilities.
the more our younger generation reads about these ugly things, the more curious they become.
this bait store gave him water and a good map.
they have poisonous liquid is entered to the wound of it’s victim.
he eats a small lunch and right back to playing.
inevitably, censorship will remain a common practice.
now you can webcam people.
also, of all computer users snack while online, which only increases weight gain even more.
have you ever had to move so far away from your best friend that you cried so much someone thought it was raining?
they are also helpful because they solve problem that humans might have trouble with.
for instance somebody goes home and checks their email.
instead going to the store to buy things or walking to your friends house to talk, you would typically use the computer to do so.
if someone wants there opinion to be read they should have that right.
libraries all over the world are all neat and organized.
when riding a bike the features around you can affect the cyclist.
computers can also entertain you.
they help us communicate, do important thing have fun.
this makes it much easier than to fly half way across the .
preventing a child from seeing a rated movie or reading a letter to is a separate issue from censorship.
i think they do.
finally, they could be shut out from the world if everything is kept from them because of censorship.
most often things that are offensive is the truth.
if the materials should be moved they should just be moved to a different area not off of the shelves totally.
the speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they are in the same room instead across the ocean.
i hope you agree with me.
a computer is to talk to someone without physically being there.
also he did no know where he was going so he had to rely on other people directions.
for instance have you ever wondered what the capital of is?
we can email back and forth every day.
that report was done when they were fixed.
the road was fine at first and than he get a while down the had and it really started getting rough and hard to ride on.
lastly, when viewed carefully, computers are very reliable, and can be made extremely safe, which eliminates the main fear computers.
for example when she failed the test she seemed distressed and very angry.
the net came down to earth, as each pigeon left his weight to the carried by others.
newspapers publish government policies.
another great application is note taking that can easily be typed.
they help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics.
people are different and we have a right to our own opinions.
it wanders about in the plants.
part of what makes so great is the freedom that come with living here.
my people do not spend much time with family and friends.
we should be kind to each other and speak politely.
also, it can let you search for jobs.
they also are great for research!
you can go online to purchase tickets.
i know you as a would not want to upset as many people as taking away computers would.
movies at a library are put their for educational reason like: to teach kids to count, and to learn something about a certain topic.
its also showing her ability to conquer obstacles.
this climate decreased the rate of travel the cyclist intended to exert.
children can also reach up on those same shelves and find some very inappropriate magazines, books, and movies.
the mood of this memoir is .
if you wanted to you could plan a day to go and see her.
it changes peoples whole life.
another reason why this paragraph concludes the story is to show that life does go on in toughest situation.
if the cyclist were biking in the on a cold day in the mid he would not have a chance of suffering a heatstroke.
somebody is always going to get hurt.
others have different ideas.
it is simply a place to inform, and if someone is offended by what they see, they should stay away from the library.
computers are vital to everyday life and we need them.
then, you had to wait at least weeks before your pen pal wrote back.
possibly on the other side of the page, you will see an ad for cigarettes.
now the question comes, what if its the best book or movie up there?
nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of love oceans with pink sand.
the library is a public place.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is being together.
i think they music that talks about personal things and bad things should be in its own little place.
everyone has a right to their own opinion on censorship.
obesity is a terrible sight to see someone go through because of something as silly as being, basically, addicted to the computer.
many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show.
so it just depends on the situation.
we see bad behavior every day like stealing, cussing, murder, and assault.
someone that has never been to the pyramids could easily just research the pyramids and see amazing pictures, ancient history on them, and learn so much.
i only check out the book i really want to read and i read it and return it.
but i do suggest that everyone should have a computer, they are helpful and fun.
some people were standing all around.
last example is if want to see the person and talk to them so you can go webcam with them and even talk.
i have also been in this position where i came cross an article that upset me.
was being question about his birth certificate.
to conclude, computers have a positive effect on people.
i think that people are spending a lot of time on there computers and not enjoying nature and things.
and photos about the mountain .
some music has bad language in it and children should not be listening to music like that.
people love entertainment.
people need to know the facts about computers before they try to argue about them.
furthermore, it is obvious when people are on the computer, they usually block out what their friends & family are saying to them.
are you worried you do not get enough exercise?
travelling in a desert is very difficult and dangerous.
yesterday i reached the bus stop a little earlier than usual.
so many people love to type on a keyboard as well, but so many different papers that you type could be lost.
the setting seems to start worrying the cyclist two miles after he said that he could make the next miles easily.
because of overpopulation, there are unemployment, poverty and food problems.
she accepts this as a new chance to start fresh , and then try to pass the test.
dear , a regular day for a person, with a computer, includes at least three hours using the computer per day.
the flower represents determination, using the flower to show her own determination.
so if parents censor the kids have been given a multitude of reasons to go against their parents wishes and read or listen to it anyway.
this of the should only be entered by an adult, or with an adults permission.
freedom of speech was once a huge part of our country.
when shes willing and able she will take the test again with more confidence.
there are always going to be those people who disagree with things.
but will all that said i agree with the benefits of computers is very well used.
there is no reason why people should not be able to access material that is not against the law.
this means that the heat is a treat to him and would cause him to become dehydrated and have heatstroke.
computers are great and you should use it.
he for gets about everybody.
is a online service that you use to talk to them in person.
taking away movies could leave people with no entertainment.
lastly, you know the internet is used for research and talking but also for getting anything you want.
stand up for your rights and censor out those things that will lead to worse lives of those to come.
yes, i know that there can be some disadvantages.
is a show about four boys who go on unintentional adventures to save their .
then just ignore it and go on.
she went through a lot when she moved, and seemed to have a sense of depression in the story.
he tells how even though his community was made up of many races they still lived in friendship and unity.
dear of my local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i say this not to make fun of anyone but to thank them.
as for music and movies i think we have let ourselves go a little too far.
i spend most of the day on my computer doing homework than off it.
adults mostly use them for business.
the cyclist becomes sure that he is going to die of lack of water when he stumbles across a bait store.
the narrator in this story goes through a tough journey insisting of hope, challenge physical pain, despair, and relief.
i mean you have to agree with me on this one, the main reasons why people are becoming obese because of some kind of technology computers.
public schools have libraries in them also, and i would not want a child reading a or book with bad or offensive things in it.
he said yeah, so i went to a local chatroom on the internet.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist on how the nature of life he was hydrated or not.
yesterday i went to the new delhi railway station to receive my uncle.
they are an excellent tool for all ages.
that is what people need to do, not get involved in horrible things.
if libraries began censoring their books, much information will be disclosed for no one in the public to read.
search engines like or yahoo provide answers in less than one second.
everybody needs to stop being lazy and get active.
we bought tickets and then returned to the train.
it also states that he went along with a few drops of water through the tumbleweeds.
here are my points to consider.
so what are you waiting for go out and go your computer today!
thank you for taking you time to read this letter.
a simple message though one of these websites will make someones day and could even make yours.
because many people even young children can learn and they will end up remembering the things that they learn.
this is how the features affect the cyclist.
i then sprinted to my computer and to see if he was online.
in conclusion computer have helped a lot to people because you can shop online communicate and learn , overall computer have really changed lives for most citizen
many libraries possess on their shelves books and magazines and even music containing explicit material, and how could you avoid it?
to ignore leaves you in fear.
they came from neighboring villages.
no, the reason i say that is because if it was offensive to me,they might not be offensive to other people.
if we gave people the right to decide what was held in libraries.
then preach his doctrine to laymen.
that is how the setting on the story affected the cyclist.
kids who spend hours or emailing their peers spend less time with their families.
the library is a place for people of all ages.
libraries do think about what information children view.
there goes all the time you could have been doing something good, wasted because of the computer.
if we had no computers the lines would be even longer because then the people would have to add up the money by hand.
lastly, you could watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos.
therefore, i do not believe that libraries should have to censor the books that are supplied for the citizens to check out.
imagine life without a computer what would you do?
they organize protests, sign petitions, etc.
with censorship, there would not be any books on the library shelves for children to read.
later, on he realizes his water was going down, & he is getting tired, his mood changed to exhaustion & defect.
since they are so addicted to computers, the do not want to go to the gym or anything.
sports require a great deal of hand eye coordination.
five correct explains everything about his home that made him who he is today.
the last bad thing is that you never want to spend time wit your family.
now the has its pros & cons.
for example at dinner, you can get a great recipe off the internet.
some of the literature and other material you find in libraries however, are not intended for certain people, such as young children.
dear local newspaper, i just wanted to say that i do i agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer.
i felt so bad for my cousin he had to watch his mother die all because she used a computer everyday cause that has her job.
there are meat seller and fish mongers calling people to buy
books, books, and more books.
everyone as agreed to this without hesitation so you should too.
books that deal with slavery also be found offensive like the book .
these ideas in magazines, books, in movies, and even in music has changed the world upside down.
more people should be out exercising.
almost all of the computer games out have multiplayer features.
finally, computers allow you to learn about other places.
the sun was beginning to beat down.
people have the freedom of speech.
i found it very interesting and educational.
i promise you if you keep on reading you will understand and realize my point of view.
everyone has a different interest in the things that he or she likes.
one thing they use it for is movies on certain topics.
the authors family in their home people that they considered family, this right here is a mood well a caring mood.
if the book was needed by somebody they would not be able to get it because it was removed.
remember the world would survive if you trash that zombie room.
in conclusion, it is clear computers benefit the society greatly without a side effect at all.
others though say that censorship is unnecessary because people are going into the library and looking for a book at their own risk.
the computer is fun for everyone.
well not this article gives you information about all of this.
well, i have done my part.
bottom line the computer age is here and its amazing.
develops a grateful, comforting, caring mood.
i urge people to dump and .
they make life easier.
if someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat.
her handwriting is terrible so her teacher will not be able to score it.
a child or young adult learn things that they never thought imaginable through provided public materials.
though i am not trying to benefit those whom seek the material, i think it would.
the cyclist had trouble finding water he needed, and thought he might die of heatstroke in the conditions.
because of the lack of water, not only might be die but he begins to see mirages.
finally why i believe so is that computers helps you understand and learn more about life.
people also do not get to spend as much as their days outdoors and interacting with friends and family.
however, the computer does not just show places.
they are all different, but they have one thing in common is to bring old friends and new friends together.
i believe some of the best entertainment in libraries are the most offensive, but it is all fact.
i think the only allowance of censorship should be from parent to child.
do you just tell your kids to close there eyes and cover there ears?
it also starts to get hotter and he gets thirsty more often.
for example they can see pictures of men hitting women or kids killing kids and this sets a bad example.
she is very careful of our hygiene.
the features of the setting put the cyclist in an unsteady ride of fear, hope and confidence
the mood created by the memoir is shown by many things.
if a library had high censorship and everything was taken off the shelf what is the point of going to the library, it would be an empty room.
do not get to close to the screen because can hurt your eyes.
it really excites me when i think of flying like a bird in the sky.
dear , i am on the side of computers.
you can figure out what happened in recent natural disasters, or how your stock is doing.
she was basically saying in a while when things change again she believes that her performance could change as well.
removing books from the shelves off a library is a form of censorship, which is a clear violation of the .
people can look at information faster than ever with this device.
every person has their own life story and rough experiences.
some street beggars are thieves who cheat people and steal their things.
violence is bad for little kids to be doing when they are young.
parents who ask for books to get taken off the shelf are just asking for too much.
the last reason for me picking computers is because you can play video games.
no people or cars, or any sign of modern civilization.
those old men probably were never off their front porch since carter was in office.
should be removed from a shelf due to content.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
it seem like i am on a lot, but really i have something.
the internet makes everything we do on the computer possible.
the first books material is very well written and have offensive material in it here and there.
this the exact same for information of all types.
they are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible.
when it shows time passing, shes grew up more and maybe shell be ready to take the test since now she knows how it is.
information and how individuals seek it has evolved and is still changing at a rapid pace.
people grow up fast when you think about it, and people start to eat, drink, sometimes sleep at the computer.
say no computers.
publishers do read the books they publish them, they will not publish any random thing.
the pages of books fill them with hope and give them courage to create a better future for themselves.
it is up to you whether or not you should read a certain book.
when the cyclist come across the bait shop he know he was saved.
i have showed you what you can learn about, talk to people and socialize and lastly help you with your health.
the teacher left the class.
their are books everywhere, right.
i like reading about anything and everything, so i would love to read things and spark my attention.
finally, the large snake created an obstacle for him by blocking the majority of pavement in front of the cyclist.
not all of them are for the eyes of every person out there.
does somebody hand write every paper that comes out?
the author does this as a symbol of hope for the reader.
i believe this because you can use them to talk to other family that be far away.
that sounds like things you can get at the library, right?
you can playing games with people from ground the world.
you can use this to talk to friends and many on line.
they can be seen selling their eatables and tempting the hungry disgruntled people.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not posted speed limit definitely affected the author.
books so the human body they do not hid the human body we should know about the human body.
they are too coming back, getting ready to start their new life.
is thankful for that and feels that is lucky to have such a close knit community of friends and family.
all of this information gives us many opportunities in life to discover new courses and paths to take.
if your children are looking at things they should not be looking at, you should keep you child away from that section.
so should libraries be more strict and remove certain items that might come across as offensive or vulgar to parents or even students?
the issue i will have you read , is how people will become even less caring of the environment.
in conclusion, computers are vital in order to properly function in many situations.
throughout the memoir everything is positive.
since music is categorized in such a way, there should be no need for them not to be on the shelves at a library.
now everybody would have to do what i wish.
which brings me to my next point.
first off, they should be removed because some people be offended by them.
as the sun’s rays are so strong we cannot watch them
for one reason the computer helps people find out information about anything.
if you ask me its stupid.
finally, online predators are a great threat to teens.
shows that the heat might be starting to effect him.
first, the mood is very .
as you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way.
he also runs out of water, which nearly dooms him.
saying such, if someone finds a book offensive, they just should not pick it up.
last reason why i that we should use computer is because sometimes have to go on the for example you had important message the website and you message you.
then they will love me.
it be against some religions to read inappropriate materials.
but now they use there computer many things can go wrong.
i personally concern with these people, computers have a positive effect on people.
also you could share pictures of both of you at a baseball game to keep memories.
i believe had the same effect on other people too and some children might even grow up to help others in that horrible situation.
some movies are better if they have bad things in them, makes them funny sometimes and that is what everyone likes.
also, your not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps your shape along with being fun.
i don' know why these books are even needed in a library.
the new trend in schools all around the globe is the addition of computers or a computer lab.
to each side of you lies a vast collection of diverse adventures and anecdotes.
somethings should be taught when we young like how to brush our teeth, but somethings should be left until we are older like having babies or drinking.
censorship, along with many other things is relative.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
now that you have finished reading.
just be open and honest at the right time but in a mature clean matter.
people can read or watch whatever they want.
having many different kinds of people sharing this material, the libraries must try to have material to please everyone.
in my opinion people should use the computers but not a lot.
in paragraph it takes about how his parents did his out of love, for her children, not for her.
over the computer.
history is bond to repeat itself right?
he lost hope after that landscape, and he pretty much gave up.
this can be a wonderful thing unless used in the wrong way.
i think that there is different levels of censorship that should be enforced depending on the library at which censorship is required.
also i used to be big, (as in overweight) because i never went outside to exercise or in my own room.
dear the , opinion on computers be the same as others or different.
seven out of ten adults pay bills online at their computer.
censorship is very important for libraries because we do not want our children getting influenced by offensive materials found in their libraries.
talk to people and see what they like.
they are seeing a picture not the healthy.
one mood the author conveys very deeply is that of his love of his family.
the world wide web, unlimited socialization and simulations are just a few of the benefits of computers.
if a child reads a couple times a day it is proven that said child will do better in life.
you are with your family but they are not your blood family.
this is a true enough statement that it just makes you wonder about their logic.
neptune is the farthest planet.
some magazine articles are not appropriate for some teens, even if it does claim to be age appropriate.
everyone has a different point of view and no one person has the correct or wrong point of view that the has to follow
sometime you wont have a good life without enjoying it.
without any of these enjoyments what would people do with their free time?
three reasons why computers are good is that you communicate with other people.
because of this, even the people who do not wish to view the movie are often forced to see images which they find disturbing.
should libraries remove offensive reading material?
all modern means of transport have made traveling very easy.
by jogging instead of going on the computer you can lose weight and see the real world than the world behind the computer screen.
the way he talks about his parents ends up making the reader thankful too.
notice that have a right to free speech and not a right to free speech so long as no one is offended.
these features could affect the cyclist in many ways because of the weather, temperature, loss of water, road damages and snakes.
online communicating is also good for chatting with schoolmates if you forgot the homework or need help with homework.
such as books, magazines, and catalogs, but are all of these appropriate for the crowd that dwindle around a library?
with that said, magazines can also be bad for public libraries due to some of the explicit content.
it is so much easier to do that then look for books that has all the facts you need.
he was becoming very dehydrated going through hilly areas with little to no water.
the different settings greatly affected his nature of confidence.
what would happen if everyone could remove the books they dislike?
if you love a show on to, and you missed it you can find it on computer.
people like the do not spend much time with family members, or friends, or even just outside.
if they wish to talk about dragons and princesses, so be it.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very happy and appreciative of what he once had.
the cyclist has made it.
my cousins however, do not teach their children about .
when the author finds the dilapidated ghost town, he is still high spirited and amused.
the conclusion mentions the test again.
in this country we are given the rights to freedom of speech and press, so why can anyone demand that a book be banned?
i mean, if i ever thought i could not be mature enough to read a certain book.
if everybody used computers, we would be using less paper.
however within a library there are limits toward what they offer and what you can get.
obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease.
so what would really happen if all the offensive materials were taken off the shelves of a public library or say a .
webcam is becoming a huge sensation!
and how a house can become a home and how important family and friends relationships are
the desert environment is very, unforgiving.
computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that could be a problem.
perhaps the sea west effect is that hardly anyone interacts with their friends and family anymore.
is a website that allows you to speak to, or send pictures to others.
by sticking to this method, offensive materials can stay out of the hands of those who do not wish to see them.
do not exceed posted speed limit.
an unhealthy person will remain unhappy and dispirited.
well while we were busy playing mom and dad were busy as well.
the government pays for the books that are purchased into the library.
what if that thing they see in a movie is murder?
when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
computers are also safe to make sure your kids are safe.
most parents want their children to stay as innocent as possible for as long as possible and i can respect this idea.
life would be very hard without them.
then why should that person be punished by someone who has to make a big deal out of something.
could be at stake under such principles.
i think computers has positive effects on people like me.
if we start restricting that freedom, what are we then?
i believe she is correct in this quote.
one reason why i agree is because sometimes theirs teens and even adults that can chat online with their friends if they cant contact them in any other way.
censorship only causes curiosity.
just because some people take offense to certain things, does not mean that everyone does.
as a result, these things the computer gives brings out discussion in the family and gives a good topic that everyone can relate to and talk about.
but with email they would get it the second you send it.
magazines are also great because they help people start to read books and so on.
trees give us fruits for food and flowers for pleasure.
also people in business and industry have phones with internet built in because they can just look something up at anytime.
this is why the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is an unjust endeavor.
the do there kind of things, because are bored people think that statement is true.
it is up to the parents and the way there kids will handle it.
the lion can be seen in asian and african forests.
he is riding in the desert where there is low to rain.
we shouted at the top of our voices.
if parents monitor their children closer they will be able to control what they are doing.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she wants to try again.
they should put some magazines on the shelves that people will want to look at or read
the libraries place books for kids in a certain section to make sure they find appropriate books for their age.
you plan to play for minutes, but the minutes turns into minutes, which even turn into an hour!
another reason is because everyone has their own choice about what they want to look at in a library.
therefore, with such positive affects, should keep using this wonderful technology and get our jobs done.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
books in libraries are wrote for multiple kinds of people.
i would say that i am a very healthy person.
the help each other whenever one is in need.
should not be taken off of the shelves of libraries.
i have seen what happens when you take a book off the self.
then again, maybe not.
the touchy one.
it is better to see and understand than to enter the world blind and dumb
one highly controversial topic is race, and if the book is not informing us about a historical event, it should be removed.
a library should be a place of enlightenment.
if a specific book is requested and one person finds it offending, the book should stay in the library.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
using the computer is good to do or not using the computer helps people be able to interact wild people that so easy to talk to.
it is not possible to test in three hours what a student has learned during the whole year.
if any book is subject to criticism or opposition, are not all books worthy of the same?
when on the computer kids will eat.
and finally, many people have found their careers through the internet.
no one stops and thinks about someone else or their family.
that is their work and they took the time to do it for our entertainment!
me personally am faster at than writing.
moving from place to place was very hard and sad thing to do for me.
a fresh start with the drivers test.
these are how the features affect the cyclist journey.
there are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them, the better it is for everyone.
so please take my opinion into consideration.
just remember that social sites, video sites, and make life better.
this can help make new friends or make friendships closer and cause less problems.
through social networks, such as and , we can make plans with friends.
we could only assume.
man can live a happy life only if he plants more trees.
i wanted to so why cant you?
reading material can help a young person with life.
kids are living through computers and we can change them.
that has not stopped millions of teenagers from reading this novel, which is considered to be a rite of passage for most young adults.
they carry her in their arms like a puppy, as she is lighter and softer to handle.
can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessing over technology such as computers, television, and cellular phones?
some features of the setting that affect the cyclist is he is riding a bike through the dessert.
there is the young adult section, adult, and youth.
then continues ,after seeing what that alone has done to her, rapes and beats her.
little children go to the library looking for books and etc.
the project took me days to do, while it took him a whole week to complete.
how much of your free time daily to you spend on the computer?
i can just go on the computer and search whatever i want.
his lack of water eventually leads to dehydration and he become uneasy about things.
the is affected in many ways.
a book is simply a way to learn and explore the different things in life.
finally, i feel that computers will day life.
and then these are the people who just like looking things up.
if a kid or a teenager is trying to get an adult book someone of age should have to come their and check the book out for them.
it should be the parent choice to what their child can look at or listen to.
dear post, i know that people are spending way to much time on computers instead of being out side.
we have to watch what we let our kids watch, listen to, and read.
the web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers.
i had a friend who used to spend all her time on the computer.
feeling the wind in your hair and taking in all that is going on in the story.
another reason why computers are a good things is because you can catch up on all of the recent stories.
it also is to show she is adapting to her new home.
he is one of the brightest students of our school.
hopping off the computer and instead getting exercise, would make for a healthier and more fit country.
maybe authors feel the need to add interest in the book and suspense, but not all readers would take it easily.
instead of filing in a cabinet people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers.
magazines that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
some are worried about spending too much time face to face with the screen, there is even something to prevent that.
in my opinion i think it is a great way so you can catch up on funny times that you can and friends shared.
this means all media of any kind should be destroyed.
movies could also get kids to be bullies.
once he passed a couple of troubling sights, because they were abandoned and no one was around, he began to worry.
the extra information in the parentheses also provide a grateful tone to the piece of writing.
second example is students and their homework.
if you take little things like that to your heart then you will have a tough time going through life.
secondly, computers interfere with family and friends.
and they are given the right to use it.
many books in this section include works that have a dark or graphic theme with subjects that are inappropriate for younger children.
that that the author did not care that much about house looks, price or its location.
if your a stay at home mom ya can work on the computer to handle finances.
also, some of these topics could be used for educational purposes.
in this memoir, the mood is very pleasant and makes you think of childhood memories.
the geese symbolize her new life; they have become almost familiar to her now the obstacle she faces is passing the driving test.
what is a memoir?
he tried hard and pushed himself and success was made.
some books in libraries offend others.
in the end, a system that caters to the most sheltering of parents is the best one.
for instance i check out book every week and return the i checked out the same day i go to get a new .
most importantly, the use computers is influenced in schools.
she had the determination to succeed, so the author uses that paragraph at conclusion.
his salary is very low.
overall i think it is completely wrong for books to be removed from libraries for people complaining about them being offensive
also because of the heat he could have dehydration of heat strokes.
they should censor what their children do.
my house has three bedrooms and a drawing-cum-dining room.
it informed people of what was going on.
in conclusion i believe that the materials that show offense to certain people should stay.
i wish they would not ,but they feel the need to take things off the shelves if so.
there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my baby sister.
advertisement many be make-believe, but it has to stay.
i have come to realize that their purpose for going to this community loving place is to find peace and quiet.
some think that books and music should have different kinds of ratings.
here another reason why from the story.
the mood created in the memoir could be of happiness, gratefulness and love.
in conclusion, computers, although an advance in technology, have very negative side affects.
little kids about the age of six would be playing rated games, and watching rated movies.
it is essential for us to use computers to communicate with other nations.
my opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time.
any thing could happen at any time with your computer, of no where it could just die and not work and of your data will be gone forever.
finally, people lose contact with family members of their friends because they are to busy on the computer playing games.
he is my class fellow.
second, it keeps customers happy.
we the believe are children and adults are spending too much time in their laptops or computers.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
they can adjust to new things and new surroundings.
for others it could just be words.
i will never forget how my parents turned this house into a home.
it hides the authors thoughts, idea, and meanings behind their writing.
the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible.
as like movies though they are there to provide entertainment.
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
that applies to everything that could contain offensive material.
but he is not the only person who has become unhealthy because of computers.
one person could think the material is offensive, but someone else might want to learn more about it.
you could have a picnic, take a hike, or even hang out with friends instead of playing on the computer.
libraries spend their money to buy these books for the communities.
her family had a good relationship with family and friends.
when the burned the books, we almost lost a whole civilizations culture and literature.
the features of the setting had greatly impacted the cyclist.
or playing , you are addicted to the it can also interfere with family events, sports.
so i went online on and we got the directions from there and we printed them out and we found the place in minutes.
your sight is very important to living.
she had walked into the library looking to find answers to her questions over a liberal topic.
i have also grown many flowers.
i think that the computers are good to be used because anybody can use them at anytime or go on it whenever they want to.
whether people like the concept or not, computers will be necessity to solve the problems and calamities that will wreak havoc on the world in time.
it is also used for generating electricity and building houses.
overall it was a good way to conclude the paragraph.
there are kids sections, adult, fiction, and many more.
you would gain weight which calls for you being out of shape.
one is the bad weather.
with all of the details, the author creates a loving, cultural affect can only be found with great family and friends.
this last paragraph suggests that the tone is now hopeful.
sometimes those changes are good sometimes they are bad.
i believe these people reserve the right to view and listen to what they would like but they should be censored in a public library.
just doing these things will help your health, energy and your mind.
what started as a confident ride into the desert became a survival ride.
if you wanted one of those books you had to talk to your parent or bring a note in saying that you were allowed to read the book.
still, even with this point made, some not be convinced that we are allowed to say what we want.
these ideas and quotes show the features of the setting of the cyclist.
now lets talk about what we can learn about our planet.
this very bad because when your addicted to something, you can go back.
i told her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her.
being on the for a while is not a waste of time.
if this was done everyone would have a book to read a magazine to look at music to listen to and a movie to watch
maybe one day you will even get to see those specific places in person.
if we cant deal with these problems first then computers will turn out to be a bad thing.
they go on to say.
the author of this memoir created a mood about family.
in addition, specially designed computers can tend to peoples specific needs.
people not exercise at all anymore.
children are getting bad ideas from books, movies, magazines, and music.
when it is rape the juice is very smelling and tasty.
now hopefully the story ends that all of the children make it home safely, but that is not how it works in many cases.
this quotation the author recognizes that his parents faced many hardships, and praises them by showing his admiration.
also, the author shares specific information about what his family was like.
if your not going to find a book there, why go to the library anymore?
turns out i was fine.
movies and music are also under the magnifying glass of censorship.
first of all, what i mean by bad things i mean, your child can go on bad websites, talk to strangers, or get harassed.
he saw a huge rattle snake and tumbleweed.
i was taught to always treat people with respect and to try my hardest to get along with others.
in this paragraph he just gives an overall warm and inviting mood.
public libraries are, even with the widespread usage of the internet, important places for us, as residents of a city, to socialize and learn.
well, i strongly disagree with that statement.
so the author of this article really shows how just the whole town had a sense of togetherness with the family.
for example or use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay.
if i wanted to go to a far away place like .
hope you enjoyed reading all about how they affect people.
among all other ties, friendship brings immense joy to our life.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist horribly!
another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn their culture.
physical and psychological defects are cured by colour therapy.
that also can help make projects.
people get distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore.
a library should have a variety of books.
these websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily.
in school now many projects are assigned meaning we need the computer and internet.
having a computer is kind of like a bigger cellphone.
just remember to be careful!
with computers, you can use search engines like, google, yahoo, ask, and so many more.
what would we do without them?
in conclusion the setting really affected the cyclist because it determined his endurance and will power.
movies are most likely the hardest things to sensor.
the authors mood in the memoir is thankful.
this affected him a lot because the desert is very hot.
these should not be available in a library, cause anybody could rent them.
computers do benefit society.
for instance, you have to look at all of the different races, customs, and more of what people believe in to find the true answer.
amazingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this.
i remember my older sister had to do some research on , the computer gave her all of the information she needed.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
you can search places and people.
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or many things i learned there about how to love.
the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
on a computer you can communicate with friends and family members that live in other states.
words, colors and sizes can all be round on a computer all by learning.
the sun was beating down and no water or shade is seen when he reaches a point.
many students like fiction books, which are true story but it might have some kind of offensive language or something that the student is feeling racist to him.
well not so fast my son!
the author includes this paragraph to this story in many reasons why.
the author is grateful that his parents left their homes and left everything behind to give a better life to their kids.
plus there is not a bad book that your kids will find at school any way.
furthermore you can play with your friends, and in the process develops social skills.
if you have a computer at home you can build up your computer skills for school.
what are some of your feelings about computers.
the hibiscus plant will bloom again and that will renew, in a way, her warming thought of her old home.
the cyclist pedaled through all types of different terrain.
also, the computer contains articles that insure our children to strive for their goals.
choose it because it looks interesting and its something you might enjoy
it was where i learned the real definition of family.
i was to scared to see how long the other lists were.
in conclusion i believe that computers are bad because of obesity, missing nature, and not enjoying company of family & friends.
lets get out of here.
these are many great things you can do outside.
you should love who you are and what you look like.
we can also get it from activities!
that is why libraries need to discover which books are creating issues, such as books on race or religion.
how is our country supposed to be clean if people want even turn off the computer the hour a day and see the world?
this is where computers come in.
he has passed his middle school examination.
kids might need the material that is offensive,it could help them through life.
censorship can be good or bad, it really depends on how you look at things.
do computers society?
this is not a good idea for spending the holidays.
but if a book talks about certain things it should be banned, such as hate against other races, or it talks negatively about someones religion.
in my opinion, this words help bring the mood to a happy, calming feeling to the passage.
the use of computers, and the alone allow us to learn about the way of life in other places on talk to people faraway, and express ourselves.
when you have sex you have to make sure you are safe.
i think you should take your time and read my article in this wonderful newspaper.
computers make you smarter because you can look up different countries, you could look up people, and famous countries.
all right like i said first we will talk about what the lack of exercise because of always being on the computer.
i see only a few good points in censoring.
please take side and think that computers have a positive effects on human society.
when it is turned away, it is the night time.
what can be so wrong with specific material that we must take it away from everyone?
another reason how computers benefit the society is by helping with careers.
she is constantly on it.
that is why computers can have a negative effect on not only you, but your family and friends too.
yes, you have you oldies, country, and the jazz but when you add in the rap and heavy metal music, there is no understanding.
what is wrong to some people be right to others.
this allows you to type and sent emails faster.
moving the in !
why tempt them to be someone that reflects profanity and offensiveness when they could be so much more?
so by these examples you can see that the mood of the memoir is happy and joyful.
disrespectful acts, cussing, and rude gestures are not a positive way to keep a more mature role going that will make a better environment.
first of all, he was traveling in the which means it was very dry.
i personally would way rather be outside playing baseball and getting fit then being inside on the computer getting fat.
keep in mind that it can help with homework, talking with friends, or just having some fun.
as an author you provide a book to the public, if it gets that far.
the air is fresh and free of dust and smoke.
most importantly, with his lack of water in his bottles, all of these characteristics were harmful.
it effect their lives depending on what age they were introduced to such things.
when i went to the library as a kid, i went with my parents.
religion, politics, and morals can lead to some nasty debates, but sometimes we have to just agree to disagree.
censorship is as necessary to libraries as flavor is to food.
i feel the concludes the story in good positive way.
on the other hand, computer technology, prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and talking to family and friends in person.
there are things in this world that are much worse for children to see then taking a quick glance at something not for their age at a library.
i sure we all know at least obese person or teenager.
i think it should be one or the other.
this feeling also adds to the mood because of the appreciation shown.
it is filled with facts, beliefs, theories, and opinions of people.
the media does not look at you as a whole, just as a population of people.
(also heart warming!)
the hills and rocks would make it much harder to to stay strong and be able to keep riding.
it is obvious here that lack of water is affecting his in a big way.
third, it helps with school and work.
you can surf the internet, talk to people, and much more from the comfort of your bedroom.
time consuming computers, are taking away family time from many family these days.
would you want your children reading, watching, or hearing stuff that was offensive towards them?
others play games online.
there are electronics out for children that they can plug up to there computer and learn different stuff.
when people grow up, they tend to start reading, watching, and listening to material that they would never let their children listen to.
a library is a place you can go to read, write, and relax.
some argue that certain material be offensive to other groups of people, but who is it to judge how another feels.
computers organize data by keeping documents in different files computers also have valuable programs that could help you in your career.
computer will be here forever or almost forever, peoples time is limited.
this is true, and i strongly encourage people to go outside and do an activity as opposed to playing on the computer.
in conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
studies show that of people with computers have either or installed in their computers.
you should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online.
smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill.
many types of books, magazines, music, movies, and much more have been banned from being put on the shelves of libraries because of their content.
they can provide tons of information normally unobtainable.
she ends with that paragraph because it starts over.
do you want in obesity rates?
seeing these things in books, movies, magazines and etc.
everyday i spend at least our writing something up for school.
disks and listen to music and watch films.when you use a
well you could go on a computer and look for food online.
for example writing on essay, their science fair project and so on.
you have a web cam you can see family members from different states and see the face and talk to them like you are talking in person.
although this information be in a local library.
the mood created is love.
his parents wanted a better life for him.
in doing this most times where someone would have been offended are prevented from happening.
that is what can happen when buying something off of the .
having things censored ruins a lot of things, the fact that its was made that way it should be kept that way.
everyone in the neighborhood is so welcoming, he tells us how his mother always leaves the door open for those who welcome her in.
the of is undoubtedly loving
i think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone.
but i was unable to get over my fear.
of course, there are few other causes that lead to ill health.
never in your life have you seen an .
she means that when the flower is blooming, her hope will be also and she will try again, maybe this time with success.
my friends moms changed because she got a computer.
without books, people turned to electronics for entertainment.
the cyclist begins to get thirsty when he comes upon a water pump.
this is what the tone of this memoir is.
i love to sit down and talk with my mom over a steaming cup hot chocolate.
with the maps on the computer, you can print it out and actually keep it.
he always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable.
the computer today is such a great thing to have in your house.
i believe spending too much time on the computer is bad for everyone.
some books are offensive but there books and a library is there to provide books.
the first one is .
dear , i believe that computers are a good source of technology.
i want to live a humble life.
music can talk about stuff that that person done, and make that child want to do it because they might think its cool cause the artist does it.
all of the things are not for just one particular age.
the purpose of the music is not to bring the attention of offensive material to the listeners.
some books are racist; of and for example has some racist and sexist comments and remarks.
computers are useful in school.
while people can learn about faraway places from the safety of their houses, can also the computer for communication purposes.
i can say that books and songs have saved lives.
with several and factors these days it is hard to find something that is not offensive to ones culture.
the cyclist was in a dry, desert area where tumble weeds were more common than people.
also, with you can chat with your best friends and can actually see what they are doing.
my final reason is that, computers cause health issues and cause people to be lazy.
computers have multiplied our man power giving us more organized way to store date.
you will not want them listening, reading, or watching the things you watched as a child
people today are spoiled.
however much some dislike the thought of this much freedom, we cannot ban works purely based on the discretion of some.
i say we just let it be, and let people be happy
dear sun, i find that computers are very useful.
physical fitness is a condition for mental alertness.
public libraries are a place for children and adults alike to find a book or movie to entertain themselves, and everyone has a different opinion.
people get assignments to do and each class only takes about one or two months.
do you just leave it there, or take it away so no one can read it?
also it leads to being overweight sense your not getting active.
if they are needed for a school project that fine but using the computer everyday rather than exercising is not okay.
all of can happen from staying off of computers.
he created a mood very uplifting and loving as if to say your childhood and family is the heart of your home.
some say offensive material should be taken out of libraries.
the author talks about how he realized the true meaning of family in his house.
they gave up their families, friends, country, and careers all for their son, so he could live a better life in the .
is it right to have all types of shown to all ages?
opposing ideas should be presented.
you go to a grocery store or a gas station and see magazines with inappropriate things on them.
well rap music is based on their past and how their life is.
that person should clearly just not read the book or let their children read the book.
computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done.
the plant also comforts her.
some of the most interesting and controversial books that challenge an individuals beliefs and thoughts are being taken off the shelves and no longer readily available to people.
how can one person say if something is wrong?
she still has hope of passing the drivers test.
people can get addicted to it so easily.
to censor the books held in a library is to chip away at human progress.
people cannot be themselves when they have to watch what they say and are looked down upon because of their choice of language.
the internet the very place where so much information passes through, be it good or bad.
he even saw a snake.
people might change their mind about going to that particular library, if they find a lot of offensive things there.
i am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society.
the biggest question in my eyes is, ' deems that material as unsuitable for libraries'?
every person has a different outlook on what makes a story interesting.
because of computers people are spending too much time on computer and less time doing things that are better for them.
the mood of the memoir is nostalgic and happiness.
exercise be important still, with a touch of a button i could talk to my aunt, find the right one for me and save my whole life.
even though one person could never read that many books, the has to have a wide selection, for the people that read different thing.
i think that computer help in many different ways.
some good ways to spend time with your family is to play games together, go on a walk, or even go to a bike ride together.
through reading the book ' ' by , i have observed that parents need to have some involvement in their children are reading, listening to, and watching.
i myself think that all books should be of the shelves because i do find some books to be offensive in their contents.
no matter what, someone is offended or upset over something.
so it was a very good mood the wrote the in.
also, it teaches us to process what is around you and decide in a decision.
however teachers say that ever since was invented the students grades were skyrocketing.
have you ever heard of online colleges?
in almost all cases, library patrons have been angry that certain materials have been deemed unsuitable to be offered at the library.
if it were not for my mom not wanting to make a big deal out of it, my dad would have had a little chat with that library.
he sits at home on his computer all and plays games, goes on and .
on the second day when i still could not ride, i started crying.
they are entertaining and fun too!
once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back.
if you are choosing the computer over other important thing, then i think we have a problem.
what happens when a child wants to know more than she does?
yes, all parents do not care about what their child reads, so this could happen.
another theme that i thought fit was inspiration.
an idle person depends too much on chance.
should be removed from the shelves if they are offensive.
the wildlife also had an impact on him.
note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz.
you get excited and feel your the smartest person in the world.
the examples of things that should be there are: all magazines, books, and service.
in addition, a big factor of and is music.
this ending also shows how much of an effect the winter hibiscus had on her.
another way you could too a is from online classes.
this book changes the way many people think, and so do many more books.
those are more of items for grown up and teenagers than for children.
several times in the story, the cyclists says that he is tired and dehydrated, at one point he thinks he is going to die of heatstroke.
being home on the computer does not let you enjoy nature.
its up too the parents to assist their .
last, but certainly not least, the computer is a great resource.
the hibiscus brings back memories of her childhood.
you could understand more about plants and animals.
is sort of cruel in one way but the topic the author is trying to get across is not.
no, because the helps in a lot of ways too.
they do not know what is happening outside. )
if you have a problem with what your child watches and reads, than limit what your child reads and watches.
personally, i find comfort and my sense of being alone is dulled by these books.
what would that person do?
oh not that make me to.
this is where people bully kids over the internet.
when i am bored i sometimes go on, and so for i have filled over thirty bowls of , while learning at the same time!
when the goal is to protect people, especially children, from harmful material, it can be used sparingly.
hiding things from the public just because it might have some bad things in it is a little over the top.
could anyone, ever leave those who you care most about behind?
these computers helped to industrialize and grow our great superpower of a country.
well you can thank and global warming for that.
id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst,.
uploading family pictures from your last vacation?
many people barely pay attention to conversation while focusing on the screen.
censorship is just a fancy term for blatant disregard of the , as freedom of speech is guaranteed for all citizens.
some go for books and others go just to relax in a quiet environment.
these are the items that teach us new things everyday.
if you use the computer it might break or not work properly.
after a strenuous ride he started to get nervous and wonder if he was even going to survive.
dear newspaper, people are spending too much time on computers.
do you think that books, music, magazines, movies should be removed form a libraries shelf?
even simple things like a virus or a slow upload could and will cause stress, in fact have a stress issue due to computers.
we are all special; and we all think differently.
interacting with friends and family is always a .
he then felt a little disturbed and worried.
to most cultures, declining food is offensive.
part of the mood was happiness.
according to , economic , every hour you spend on the computer, you raise your electricity bill by .
at first the man starts out at a reservoir camp ground.
third reason is the computer is a fun way of talking to friends or family.
computers inform people about important news.
i mean the ones that talk about school or some random story that some stranger wrote and it just happened to show up in the school libraries.
the first reason why they should be removed from the shelves is it might be offending to someone important like the president of the or the of your state.
i think that people exercising more, and spend time with family and friends.
also, what you are in a band or a group, and need to contact them while you are out of town?
it ended up being scary for another reason, as multiple uncensored sex scenes were displayed throughout the first couple minutes of the feature.
the book turned out to be full of curse words and profanity.
another reason there should be advances in technology is because it gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
the next one of the corn.
these game can past time and the player some fun.
a very important choice that each individual makes on a daily basis is what to read.
these are two lessons that my parents did not just tell me.
my father went to drop them back home.
children wont learn at a young age how to think on there fact language.
school was indeed our computer, we world.
getting fresh air can be good.
yes i do believe that any book found offensive to any person should be removed from the book shelf.
just because it offends them other people find it interesting.
one reason is because you can do a lot of things on the computer itself.
computers offer another way to learn things about the world.
make sure that you talk to your child about what is right and wrong.
the lack of water really affected the cyclist.
both options are unacceptable.
secondly, the computer helps you communicate to friends and family for in the world.
the fruit stalls are full of mangoes bananas and
one should not be ineligible to a book or magazine or watch a movie.
a use for computer that is also use full is hand eye coordination.
the author concludes the story with a small paragraph that has an extraordinary meaning.
censoring that book would basically tell the population that they are wrong.
computers allow you to communicate, conduct business, and learn.
and that is why i think computers have a good effect on people.
if anything the reader might even like the book and check it out.
dear , the average teenager spends hours on a computer daily!
the cyclist had to go through all these problems which made it show that he had determination.
it just changes the entire subject.
all you need to do is type it in on google.
we have a live chat on or even .
this is a fantastic effect that computers have on people.
you are just one step closer to death.
you can go on the internet and find out how they live there.
then soon you can type with without looking.
each experience is in response to the setting in which it takes place.
so you can and you will get a good grade.
if you do not like the book do not have to get the book.
i read or the local newspaper that lots of people use computers and that not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
in some cases, the person who is addicted to the computer is the parent.
do you believe libraries should remove items some people find offensive?
this quote shows that he is happy.
the author concludes the story with that like, to leave the reader guessing.
be positive about online chatting, or online dating services.
because the features of the setting nearly kill the cyclist, the cyclist learns a lesson.
last reason is i know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier.
a lot of people have classes online.
in the mean time censors should be put on these items or taken off the shelf.
some books, movies, magazines, etc.
that quote showed that the family was hopeful enough that even without knowing about the country they still believed it would bring a better life.
now and day people are using social networking sites like and to talk with people far away.
now that you know that lets move on to the last reason.
not every one has the guts to say something to the school.
moreover, computers be portable.
this made the trip harder for him because now he was focused on finding water and not on his ride.
not the who sit at the computer all day writing reply .
the day was a good day and wants to take the test on the same day.
i know there are materials that are offensive to people.
the internet has a lot of web sites about how to get your online.
things do need a little censorship.
this is one of the reasons every book should be on the shelf.
this is because it explains her love for her family and that is proud to call her family a family.
politics and earned a name as an orator.
in this country, an author can write freely about whatever he desires and he is not subject to penalty for doing so.
if you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help in multiple ways.
about of people use their brain more often than computers and they have been successful through life.
he speaks to everyone and is generous and kind.
they help us learn about far away places, they help us with our school work and the let us communicate with other people online.
censorship in media has been around since the beginning of .
she would most likely need to go to the internet .
computers are a great reference point, can allow you to chat with
this quote clearly represents a loving mood throughout the memoir because, like the first quote, it represents friendship and family.
also many more jobs want people with computer skills.
without a computer life would be much more difficult.
we even use computers in libraries why the library.
computers hurt society more than it helps.
i can relate censoring books to censoring people based on my own personal experience.
if someone reads something and it offends them, they can go do something else.
one of my favorite is and it was about character from the past and get back together and do one more mission.
they also have several unhealthy diets that teenagers might try.
i have always thought of that question.
it is very important to always be prepared with enough food and water to sustain yourself through an event such as being last.
not only that but you should notice the great potential the computer has for showing us distant, faraway lands and cultures.
bulls and cows help them to get a good harvest.
gives the reader a feeling of just how much loved his home.
our life will become very happy if we read good books.
computer advances are bad for our country and town.
unless you have the personal censorship on the younger ones.
everybody today is worried about what everyone else is doing.
do we need computers at home?
finally, there is heart disease, a top killer in our country.
while at lunch, she slipped and dropped her tray of food.
this is not of all good, especially since person needs at least hours of interacting with family for an assured healthy mental state and being.
in conclusion, you can see that i have clearly stated the benefits of computers.
you are in a library where each book holds the key to a door of knowledge and adventure.
explaining a loving family, new friendships and an overall welcoming feeling create the calm and loving mood, created by the author.
first, computers are not good for your eyes.
there should remain a variety of different books, music, and other things that appeal to all types of personalities.
computers are very needed all around the world.
the cyclist in the essay, do not exceed posted speed limit is about a great adventure gone bad.
the speed limit was .
learning about other places is fun.
they need to look something for history class they have internet.
readers want a variety of books, music and movies to choose from.
one way society can take care of this problem is setting age limits on books.
the inspirational stories in books have inspired millions to achieve more then they thought possible.
what makes kids behave better, being sheltered from life or being life smart and knowing what is going on in this world.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
all computers are helpful and not always something negative when someone uses it.
it is clear the setting has affected the cyclist.
socializing over computers not be as effective as socializing in person but it gives the quieter people.
this helps people to be more educated and updated with the world around them.
first off the whole setting was a dry, dusty not desert that would chair anybody.
i think so.
they might say no.
the cyclist traveled through the desert to get to his destination.
no, i do not believe that books,music, and etc.
computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends.
it really has to depend on what the product is.
movies can be offensive in many other ways than any other material there is.
the setting affects the cyclist in almost everything he does and everything he faces.
we have gotten to the point where there is so much out there that it is nearly impossible to do.
he also had problems with his parents and brother.
now on to more about why.
libraries should not remove a book, music, movie, or magazine from the shelf just because they found it offensive.
dear local newspaper, i hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
more excited as ???
computers play a big role in society today.
very hot, the water was also degrees!
some families have a tradition.
before, students would have to do the painstaking process of searching in books.
taking that away is very serious.
people are becoming , the environment, and losing important life skills.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist in many ways.
had to settle for what was given to him at the time.
the hibiscus she bought was away to comfort her.
i feel that if that one parent complains and no one else has that they should not be allowed in that library anymore.
exploring the internet is what a computer can do.
there were many features that affected the cyclist.
this crusade of theirs posed the questions ' can and should be censored?
the cyclist is dehydrated and is getting worse because he has no protection from the sun.
some books are really emotional and can trigger a persons emotions.
even i was done reading this it i thanked the lord for computer, it helps us so much.
when it is hot and humid out i cant play as long.
personally i know that i go to camp every year and make new friends.
instead of being on the computer, is fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, father, and etc.
some people might even find this paper offensive.
dear press, i have recently heard about many arguments based on computers ruining society.
he just saw endless rolling hills and that was all.
they benefit not only the community but the whole world!
reading is the key to success.
they need to get off the computer and do push ups, sit ups, and just exercise.
i know that one of my favorite books, the , would offend some people because it has murder in it.
libraries are places people visit to check out and read books.
the serves many functions.
just because you think the music a person listens to is offensive does not mean they think the same.
when we go to for a vacation, i help my grandmother to water the plants.
so, the mood in this poem makes you feel like home is where the heart is.
all books are written to be read, and with the division of such books, everyone can agree upon this: books help us grow.
because, in my experience i do not think people should complain.
in his memoir the details and the description just makes you want to keep reading and learn more about his life.
second, the computer is a very fragile machine and it takes a lot of to handle.
turn off the television if the program bothers you.
the teacher tough me a few lessons.
you can use computers to meet people from different countries.
because children could see the wrong things and things might get out of hand.
computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time.
no, it does not.
most people get addicted for the certain things they do online.
censorship just be a big word to most people, but it carries a big problem.
games puppets and movies and easy books.
it also teaches us not to what these people are doing.
i have felt this way multiple times.
they should just put things aside, that they think well be offensive and let people ask for the things.
but with new computers they strive to meet every goal.
the author concludes the story winter hibiscus with this paragraph because it conveys the theme of the story, adjusting to changed in life.
' - or no?'
yes computers give people jobs but there is no need to post pictures or messages that will hurt peoples feelings.
in conclusion, computers are hurting our society, clearly, they are unhealthy for our bodies.
the mood created by the author, in my opinion, is a happy mood.
there are some names for instant , , , and many more!
good neighbors can help one another.
another mood that was created by the author was sadness.
i think they should leave up there.
these are various programs.
people can also read things like newspaper online.
the second reason the author concluded with that conclusion paragraph was to relate some of the objects she sees to the spring.
for example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like.
if you use the computer for educational purposes like games, you could really learn a lot.
finally computers play a huge part in warming because of the fact that they are so popular.
the freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people.
a post office is a very important place.
winding hills limited water and poor directions are the troubles of this cyclist.
he describes in exhaust how hard his journey is getting.
another method of computerized is my personal favorite, instant messaging.
lastly, computer can make people unhealthy.
mu mom just wanted to learn about so she just looked it up on the internet from her computer.
in places like the fort railway station a large television
also, people need to be able to talk online.
libraries should only have history, math , and educational books.
he was bummed out because he could never get outside.
that line shows how much he loves his culture and heritage.
the reason is that benefits society.
books or movies that are considered offensive could also be given their own section of a library.
is it that important?
mostly good things by the way.
the hibiscus plant in this story, is like a symbol.
for example in the third grade i had to research hammer head sharks.
the last mood created by the author was appreciative.
surely, read on to see why computers are very important to us all.
this is the case in anything for example movies, books, and daily life.
on the other hand there is an extent the children need to learn also.
computers the time they are, the earth might become even worse so they need to get educated on nature and the environment so they can.
a hibiscus flower is tropical so when it blooms in the spring will be when she becomes ready to give the test a second try.
not physical strength, but mental strength.
censorship, in regard to moving the books to a new location where a child can stumble upon it, is the best choice.
everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and different ways of expressing themselves.
that is meaning they will accept anyone that is interested in looking at there stuff.
secondly, he was running out of water because he was drinking more than usual so he had to conserve his water, which was making him became dehydrated.
they should be put in a different position for children unable to find in the area.
first, they go to face book all the time.
i love them all very much.
if you think your children are going to start doing those kinds of things after reading them, talk to them about it.
during the cyclists biking adventure he encounters several interesting situations.
both the mother and the daughter appreciate the flower they found because it is similar to what they had back home.
the uses computers to locate where they will attack or defend.
if everyone spent less hour on the computer, it would become out .
i truly have observed more lack of reading due to controversy than the increasing of reading due to controversy.
some books that are censored have great educational value.
computers also help us learn.
then he left then a stone went his throat.
the mood created in the memoir, i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
how would you feel if you were at your local library and you found something with something offensive in it?
it would not have something little children would want.
or why is he not touching her?
this opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely debatable.
i think that the author concludes the story like that because be shes saying that by that time shell be ready to take the test again.
if you were head of the library what would you do.
there is no point in hiding the truth from anyone, because no matter what they will find out eventually.
i am not one of those paranoid people that thinks the government is out to get them.
my first reason is that, computers allow people to stay in touch.
a child looks at things like that they get ideas about what the book is talking about and try those things they read.
well you can always use the computer to find out more about the place.
it will only further advance us as a society in the end.
not everyone finds the same things offensive and should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them
when we walked in the doors to the library the librarian was sitting at her desk she asked us if we needed any help.
and you want to talk to your friends.
my views on censorship are strong.
we each have our own specific reasons for using them.
they are not required to look at it so if they do not like it, then they do not look at it.
i think that this would be fair for every one.
they want to know about the place they are going to and they want it to be current.
so what do you think.
you can' look for that trip of a lifetime in a book.
finally, stated that overuse of computers have led to a very negative affect on the eyesight of their workers.
i believe along with many others that libraries should not censor out offensive materials.
when my father went to bathroom for a shower bath, i took my bicycle and rushed out.
he still has hope that he would end up safe and in the right place.
i know what it is like to be offended and people should take other peoples' feeling into account before they offend.
this is only going to happen if you interact face to face with them.
they simply are not a positive effect on people.
finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them.
all of these activities require very good hand eye coordination.
the mood creates is that where you find the good in a life where there might not be too much good.
we feel healthy and happy.
why would you spend your time on a computer looking of pictures of nature when you have it right there in your .
computers are best all around helpful.
for example, most kids are followed by and its usually online.
there are even systems now that let you say something and will appear on the screen.
dear , i strongly agree that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
lastly, computers are doing more then good to everyone and they are becoming more and more unhealthy.
people i know have complained of their eyes hurting after using the computer.
has it really helped us?
well then they can use their computer to stay in touch.
clearly, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives.
he showed reminiscence by talking about what his house was like and what the people who made up the house were like.
personally, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
what has happened in the past cannot be changed or altered to fit our ideal visions.
a poll was token and shows that of students at school who use the computer to look up information get faster and more accurate results!
then he takes rest for some time under a shady tree.
for example when i was in grade in i had to write about .
keeping these stereotypes and harmful sayings off library shelves is a great business choice and will keep all customers happy.
there are shops for repairing damaged things also.
being in the intense heat and with know water he never gives up and knows he can make it to the park safely.
to build up, the internet provided with computers can bring loads of pleasure to those who use it wisely.
that is the way life works.
about of our world enjoys nature.
she took it with her everywhere she went.
should stay on the shelf because if they are removed what are we left with?
libraries and schools are meant to be places that encourage free thinking, discovery, and learning.
you could go on the internet and see what is going on from the internet.
plenty of movies that involve adult content, violence, and drugs have been released into the media.
am i right?
also, a teacher at task a poll asking how many students did projects having to do with foreign countries and of them they did.
this is why computers are bad.
not only can a computer increase your grades and improve your life, can entertain you as well.
the author concludes with this paragraph because it fits along with a lot of the story and sums it up well.
so editors, writers, and readers.
also, i, think the author did that so that it would add a positive effect on the story.
when he does find a town, with water, the setting to relieving and better for him because he find water.
it is a very bad thing to have at a public place, and that should not be aloud.
so, libraries need more than one copy.
i disagreed with that, i thought i should have the right to have watch it because i liked the shows and they were interesting to watch.
each person should be able to make a decision depending on what they believe.
consequently, certain people use computer because the help you with certain things.
the bell goes.
so take a stand and end this reign for good, stop the use of computers before it is too late.
i still get my exercise though, because i go out and play basketball then play on my computer.
first, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways.
you can let people know what you are doing or tell them you sad because your dog died.
in this case, the author wanted to express joy in her writing.
the librarian apologized and agreed that the placement of the magazines was a little out of line.
dear people of , many hours a day do you spend being active?
i believe they will be in all of our homes.
they both being determined to in places.
perhaps the reason is to make money or to share a point of view but either way the author generally wants his or her literature to be read.
life for our children should be about fun, knowledge, and life experience; but not everything that is on the shelves of our local library.
i knew i have!
movies are rated by the language and content they have in it.
exercise is a main way of staying healthy.
just how endless celebrations brought life in there warm home.
people like reading about sports because it is interesting to read.
well because of computers forgetful students can talk to a classmate online and get the homework and do it.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer?
these media types help shape who each individual is and helps them to help make contributions to the world in their lives.
as one can see the computer is bringing more and more families together.
if you are one of those people that love to be on the computer as much as you can?
dear local newspaper, computers have a positive effect on people.
the only thing i hope is that i got my point across to you.
computers help us do all of that.
for example, instead of sitting on the computer much, go outside and play soccer, kickball and more.
would removing books from shelves limit our possibility to learn or see something from a different point of view?
third, say your teacher or boss yelled at you today and no one has been nice to you all day and you forget your homework book or paperwork.
for this reason even older such as find computers weird.
sure, of course the computer has a couple downsides.
people have different views, believes and religions, and, books on these might be offensive to some but, the life style of another.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
kids are failing in school because they fail to do their home work after school.
as i stated earlier, libraries are a place of learning and for developing skills.
before computers you would have to go to the library, find the book you need, and then search through it until you found the information you needed.
lastly, censorship is simply unjust because without it there is a better chance to discuss and attempt to describe stories that target a vast crowd of people.
think about all the negative things that could happen.
with the comfort of nature, she feels she can pass the test next year.
he searches for a place to rest where there be water but he is not able to.
the hills made him tired and weak.
in conclusion the setting causes the cyclist to become tired, hot, and thirsty, which affects his entire journey.
the way her gentle grandmother?
in the story winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with this paragraph for many reasons.
in a since, the plant comforts her.
i did not get it done in time and had to turn it in late.
today our furniture is exported to many countries in the world.
knowledge about the rest of the world is even more important.
i have met a obese child.
looking at a computer screen and reading is a lot different then reading a book.
the loves his parents because of their sacrifice and love.
on the other hand, i am not saying that we should be lining shelves with magazines either.
also, do you remember when was the time to put the alarm clock on for ?
he believed he was seeing mirages and he was afraid he was going to swallow a stone because he might hit a bump.
his perseverance paid off.
for some people i agree that they stay on the computer to much and became very lazy.
computers give you an easy and fast way to communicate with others.
you could censorship the books and hide them from the public, but that would cause another problem.
we need to try and watch what our children are listening to and watching.
other people can find out about places they might go.
with this program you will never forget where you have to go.
before checking the material out skim through it make sure there is nothing offensive for your child.
we need to make sure our children be more convinced about this topic.
but then in other more serious issues that the censor has deemed not suitable for a certain audience, or even to a whole country.
libraries generally do not have things that are to gory or things that have too much sexual content they might in books but not movies or magazines.
my family friend, had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer.
one such way was the setting around him.
children should be encouraged to read and to learn, not blocked from doing so.
how will they accomplish that?
or some thing that fun or i think or beneficial to me.
i believe that there should be censorship in public libraries.
computers are a great way for kids of all ages to learn & communicate with another & others.
it is definitely a great idea to stick those materials in the section.
the crisp, cool air, tickles you skin, and breathing it in just makes you smile.
secondly, computers let you search the web.
what do you consider an offensive book?
that is a major part of life.
many individuals are spending too much on their computer and less time working out or exercising.
the only way i would say remove them if it was really offensive such as racism and things like that.
the narration states, wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt.
also, the computer is very distracting.
, computers allow quick access to the news, so we can find out about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to come.
for the most part, it is good.
my initial reason why i agree is because most kids never spend time with their families.
because then you would no how old they are .
no matter who believes what or who supports who, everyone will always have a difference in voice.
the government should raise his salary and lighten his work.
you can communicate play , listen to music watch movies, even learn a language on the computers.
people can send horrible messages to someone.
they still have good information that someone other than you want to know.
adults and kids get a lot of information out of the libraries reading materials.
and giving details on showing people reading this article is that technology of computers also help save.
it could also be offensive to people based on who they are or what they do.
so as the plant blooms, so does her comfort level.
the computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases.
all people have freedom of speech in the and when books are taken off the shelf because they are thought to be offensive you are taking away that right.
there even be a possibility that some books, not necessarily just books, hold someone up from that pit of depression they are so close to.
then, many words would be gone.
having an account like this is said to be addicting.
so, please put the bad books, music, magazines, etc.
everyone has their own opinions, but i am a firm believer in censorship at public and private libraries.
knowing that they are doing anything educational is just a great feeling.
if we send our children out into this world without any knowledge of drugs things will get out of control.
but people need to learn to understand that other people think differently and have different values.
he talks about how thankful he is to have such a good family and that he can call his home a home.
people also look up a lot of stuff that involves school.
also, it is easy for companies to attract business.
others feel that sensitive audiences not be comfortable with the text.
i believe there should be a separate section for this kind of material.
sister loves nature, she loves taking pictures of beautiful scenery.
but not cool enough to not go outside and have free, natural fun.
it helps us with things like learning, communication, and even money or economic problems.
if people could limit their at risk for diabetes.
the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
in the long run there are many things we can do to prevent things like this from happening.
his team the game.
they had to do what they thought was best for their children.
it can smell any danger.
however either way they are still fast ways to contact a person far away.
they were all friends and had a good bond.
computers are an incredibly important part of many peoples lifestyles.
we have to ask our selves these questions.
sometimes the books that are the most informative are the ones that are offensive.
have you ever wanted to see what looks like?
now think about it the second girl would start to be like the first girl sad, alone, or leaved out.
some people find ways to get those censored as well.
in the very last sentence it is noticeable.
people have to be careful of what they say, and i feel that makes speaking and attempting to express yourself so much more challenging.
also, while she is planting the plant, she sees the geese with a new familiarity.
maybe a friend can help with homework.
he has to get up early in the morning and begin the day with a lot of exercises.
whether it be a time of war or a religious restriction, it is always viewed as a negative thing and therefore should be no different today.
we helped him to come out of the car.
someone should not have the right if a book seems offensive to that person, but if the whole community says that the book is offensive then yes.
or listen to?
as the massive sits in space like high take fascinating worlds it the computers.
well i because it gives us the information we want to see.
but she is not the only one to lose her vision because of computers.
the setting of this story greatly affects the cyclists attitude and adversities.
the cyclist continued on desperate for water.
he wants to try new things.
the author should never be blamed for something they wrote.
in my experience some music is just too offensive.
computers is destroying the social life millions of people.
lastly computers are an incredibly useful tool for writing.
when people excessively use the computer they put their safety and well being at risk.
this would hold the world back since we could not express ourselves through our writing.
when you need to write a letter to some one it might take days for them to got it.
what culture and landscapes are like without even being .
any person for whatever research they need can be found so easily using a computer.
that right should remain with every single person, so they can decide whats right for them.
the author wanted to impart this on the reader since it is an important lesson to know.
kids have lots of homework and without computers it would be nearly impossible to finish it all.
the more time spent on a computer the more you damage your vision.
this is why the mood created in the memoir is proud.
the last but not least reason is kids are forming a bad eye sight.
some of the material in the libraries are very graphic and sometimes quite a bit offensive.
many books that are threatened by censorship are books about historical facts, such as the holocaust.
the computer can also be very dangerous.
yes it might take away times to do other things like exercising, but we can find out away to do both.
i disagree that most books are offensive to readers i believe that they just help the writers get their points across.
the mood that was created the is a happy, loving mood.
along with more computers and users comes increasing dangers and threats.
water is needed everywhere.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
it part of life though.
also, the hot air can dehydrate him, which can cause him to pass out.
they are entertaining, keeps in contact, and helpful with homework.
the only other access to typing is a type writer.
parents have to set a good example for kids.
if you make a mistake one second decreases off of your time.
you should agree.
if you are going on a trip i would want to know about that place to see what i need.
unfortunately, the man lived.
there are also things you can buy to video chat with family or friends.
there would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information safe.
there is a certain amount of responsibility when it comes to censoring all the different types of media and literature.
i think she ends the story that way because she really does want to try again.
even thought they are offensive, they provide good details that are required for a good book.
is entitled as well.
you can almost feel how grateful he is for is happy childhood and the selflessness of his parents through the writing.
in conclusion, computers have negative effects on society because, they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing eye sight.
of people who have to much going life believe that they.
sure you think your brain is thinking by playing a challenging computer game, & sure, in some ways, it is.
the human race has discovered many things but our biggest advance is technology.
if your parents do not inform you either, you can miss out on some of the most important facts of life.
it also teaches oodles of information.
like using an online text book instead of carrying your huge textbooks home.
books are a great part of a students learning.
you will have no worries then.
have you ever had a computer?
i will collect small things nearby and will build a nest a top of a tree.
the author concludes the story with this because it leaves you wondering about what will happen the next time she takes the test.
censorship should definitely be in effect in places like public libraries where young children are bound to be.
as the author of the story goes on her bike trip, the landscape around her becomes less and less welcoming.
they want to know what is really happening across seas or even around home.
now use computers to organize lesson plans and print out reminders for their students.
my last reason is that people are not.
i believe that it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society.
one example is a teen pregnancy book.
you can clearly see how we are growing less energetic, and much more careless of our time.
it is his own writing style.
this problem could easily be avoided if needed.
also when someone check out a book the librarian can warn them that the book has been tagged with a yellow sticker and its possible that it offend them.
parents should not have to worry about their kids seeing inappropriate pictures or text.
no matter what type of book it is, it still tells us a story of another place and another time.
i have a half sister who i only get see like once a year or once two years.
no one should be denied the chance to learn.
also while your talking you can express your ideas and feelings.
they are his surrogate grandparents, aunts, uncles cousins and friends.
technology provides great advancements in our world.
with more and more people using computers.
time says that kids who spend time outside receive better grades than they would if they were inside on the computer.
the mood the author used in the memoir is showing how proud their family is.
i have and i think that it is a wonderful resource.
computers are only helping in aid in the growth of society.
they had open dinner where friends and family members came.
they would be able to handle something in the adult material category.
it is not my thing.
during the you can go to the beach with your friends.
perhaps, somebody else has been waiting to find that book.
but, some have content that are not suited for children.
put those symbols in there to show hope for the girl to make it through her tough time.
a study has shown that of shy kids have increased the talkative skills in school.
as you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing.
for example when i say games i mean educational games like reading games, math games, writing games, etc.
many different races take interest in new books to learn new ways.
the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time.
i think this because in the passage it says, i could drop from heatstroke.
there is going to be more good books for a person than bad books.
the heat makes it hard to stay focused on making the long journey.
on the full moon day, my father hired a boat for two hours.
we had lunch in an indian hotel.
most people used computers.
in my opinion, we should not get rid off computers because it good for doing school work and talking with family.
but excessive daily use of computers is causing doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel crop up.
just like that you know, and off to you meeting.
why do you think there are computer labs at school or desks with computers in offices.
also, the internet is helpful for work.
the mood set in this home is friendly and inviting.
everything in life can have a double meaning, which makes it easier to find offensive material.
did you know that of has a , , of ?
we can have opinions on matters and discuss them appropriately without causing a big ordeal because their could be reasons why things are where they are.
the computer makes life so much easier that to take it away would cause stress and less time for other important activities.
the geese will have returned to their home means that she will find a place to call home in this place one day.
their are so many great things out there that could be put at risk.
in this essay i will explain why it is bad to spent too much time on computers.
he sleeps for a few hours.
it is time for our society to stop being nurtured by the government and start doing our own dirty laundry
but i am also the kind of person who sees words that are to offensive for people to read.
from slave states to all free states.
you not only read at home but at school as well.
after some time, the guard blows the whistle and wave the green flag.
when she says and beside it was yet another old friend.
another good reason is that many more jobs these days want to hire someone who knows how to work with computers.
in this story the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
or spend time with family and friends.
all in all, we can see that censorship could only hope to destroy the system libraries abide by.
and to tap that off, he drinks water that tastes like battery acid.
some parents feel that they need to protect their children from these things because it could be harmful to them.
so much would be left unsaid.
now and days kids are more mature and knowledgeable and can read on higher levels.
even kids who go to school need to use the internet of the computer for something like a project or homework.
dear newspaper , people in our community use computers for positive ideas.
when he finally marched back into school, barely had any work to make up because his teacher bad interacted with him over the computer.
at first the cyclist had seemed really confident and excited about his journey.
dear local newspaper , i do agree that exercising,.
let it go and stick to what you know and like.
computers be helpful for work and business but young children are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in several ways.
computers are negatively impacting our society!
there are so many things that effect our opinions.
so she wont now other.
as i sat at my empty lunch table, approached me and asked to sit down.
dear newspaper, i think that when kids or even adults get computers, then they would not use it for good causes.
computers do not do that for us at all.
when you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car.
can not think of anything?
many people become addicted to computers.
we need to be careful about what is available to us and to the rest of the world.
i believe that this really has to go down to what the persons beliefs are.
what would the world have left if almost all books are taken off the shelf?
the last reason why computers benefit our society is .
their is a problem for this idea, what books should go into this section of the library?
i think that we should have computers.
when it comes to these technological devices there are pros but there the cons can easily outweigh them.
libraries enough restrictions and rules on their books and movies based on the persons age
he can keep his hopes for himself and follow a true set of directions.
in hos winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with a meaningful paragraph.
if i knew a book would be offensive to me i would never pick it up.
the cyclist was riding in some rough, dry and abandoned terrain that made his journey almost fatal.
lastly censorship of libraries could interfere with work or school projects or research.
though my information is that both of them were as ordinary as i was.
children learn about drugs in movies, books, and can hear about them in music.
the features of the setting of do not exceed posted speed limit greatly impact the cyclist, in a negative way.
and in his eyes, his whole community was one big family.
there is no need to talk to a friend or family member online, when you could do it in person.
your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make a chicken for dinner.
that is why i think the author tried to create a sense of wonder with the final paragraph.
we should not take books off the selves because of some people like to read.
so i like to listen to my music while i am reading.
i have to say there are other places you can buy books at beside the libraries such as stores as in , , and etc.
another reason why books should not be removed is people are taught when to tell that something is offensive.
you can be facing serious danger, and your brain is not getting the exercise it needs.
it gives you the opportunity to see family members you rarely see.
another example entertainment is when younger brother.
should we remove offensive items or materials from a public library?
in conclusion, i do not believe that things such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from library shelves anywhere.
she would succeed in the spring.
it was such a scary experience that none of us could sleep that night.
a library is for anyone and everyone who goes to it.
what do you do?
everybody has their on opinion on censorship and everybody can not get what they want.
in the follow paragraphs i will continue to support more of my answer.
there is a guarantee of you will find it on your computer.
in this memoir the author created a mood of what it was like in his childhood home.
would you want them to grow up believing that what they see in movies and read in books is all good?
these are only of the many bountiful things that a computer can do.
read on to hear how i further explain my reasoning.
because you are on the machine all day then you are using little to no energy at all.
computers can be relied on by people.
he runs into a deserted factory and miles of land without people.
for me, a lot of the times i just need information about maybe a sports player of facts about a famous event.
no one wants to be a lonely joke!
if computers never exiled, the world would no doubt be better all around place.
many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button.
one kid was so tired he blow the plans off that he made with his friends.
dear local news paper, i agree that technology has a positive effect on people.
children are the future nobody would want the future leaders to be known for the widespread obesity.
you find something offensive but it might not be to someone else.
this paragraph also serves as a promise to discover a new way to live and make friends.
they have become more popular than the library and text books combined.
many children, and adults too, walk into the library and look among the books until they see a cover or a title that grabs their attention.
to a distant and or person.
we need to have these facts available to the general public.
the purpose of libraries is to educate the citizens of this country and try to better them and help them make clear informed decisions based on their prior knowledge.
kids try to learn people talk like websites things that they are not able to and over they can see are on .
she plants it when she gets home and vows to take a driving test again.
dear local newspaper, experts should not be concerned about other people that stay on the computer for a while.
however, one day forgot to check the weather on his computer and took his kids to school.
not every student, employee, or other person can spend that time looking for an answer.
this probably happens after a hard day at school or work you can come home use the computer to play some music and relax.
there are some books though, that i agree should be taken off the shelves due to them being over the top on offensive.
please take this info your next .
the computer is like a addiction.
the concluding paragraph to the story winter hibiscus gives a sense of hope for the future.
he took it out on the water in , at our home, and the engine and motor were broken.
that changes the effect because by saying that it will show how tired he is going to be or the work trying to make it over the hills.
why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in.
in , children spent of their day in front of a computer and outside.
next reason is to go outside, you can enjoy more stuff like sports, tag, and other activities.
the biggest thing about censorship is the cover up of reality.
others could be seen sitting in the classroom and gobbling up their food.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
kids even use computers for school and school work.
all right, so, computers are one of the most important tools, of this world that we live in today.
libraries are one of the number one resources when researching, reading, or gaining information and knowledge.
i nearly cried.
doctors show that of people that spend time more than hours a day on a computer have glasses or have a very poor vision.
this would solve many problems such as children being able to check out certain materials.
today, japan is one of the most prosperous countries in the world.
he talks about family, love, and home.
if there is a book that you find offensive in a public library i do not think it should be removed.
that had to change your mind, or nothing will.
religion is also an example of why places should watch what they put on their shelves.
to me there are just way to many ways for people to get offended.
so, in my opinion computers do benefit society.
by computers letting people easily access tools that help us gain knowledge can become more advanced in many of our lives.
the affect of the setting are two old timers sitting on their front porch out in the desert since carter was in office.
just because one person has different beliefs or what their standard is for offensive would not change my stand point on the censorship of certain articles.
in conclusion, i think the purpose of a library is to offer information.
computers can help everyone connect with anyone you can see computers have so many positive effects on people.
most of the books, magazines, and movies are all reachable by little children.
there is an obvious pattern.
first of all, he describes the selflessness of his parents.
early morning they go to school and come back tired in the evening.
the children will hear it or see it again soon or later.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that was the way of life for them and the author was simply trying to show that to the reader.
with essays you can type them, and fix your mistakes without it looking sloppy.
lastly, using computers will open a gateway communication , , , etc are a few of the many ways to communicate online.
i know that the more people using computers is not better for our society it is worse.
thank your for reading this letter, and i hope you can take this into consideration.
now we have , , and others.
censoring those works would be considered a violation to the freedom of expression.
they are showing the violence that people only have in their head.
my dad is a environmentalist and he uses computers.
for example if you call someone across the world your phone bill will sky rocket.
no matter if we ever had internet, we always had dependable libraries.
by these high tech computers we can learn about life outside like space, and other galaxies.
movies are rated based on their content.
it not true that we have something called books.
so, if parents begin censoring items there is one incentive or reason for them to read or listen to it; and disobey parents.
have you ever have the feeling that you want to talk to somebody?
the computer not only connects stores and businesses but also people to people.
directions are very important.
the cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers.
by using webcams, you can speak with someone across the world without having to worry about the expensive costs of flights!
there are lots of stuff in book that people think is offensive.
our views be different but we have similar needs.
for children, life is eating, sleeping, playing, and laughing.
i can say i am in to abnormal stories.
they have been used as a gate way for an extensive world of reading and learning.
i had never seen an airport before, so i was very excited to go with him.
you need to remove all the tiles before the time runs out!
i should probably start rapping things up.
from scientific data about human anatomy to dragons and vampires.
your personality also change with your social life and routine.
i believe that this technology is a great help to society today.
but it is the reading which brings perfection about the subject of concern.
a person who shows a foolish and care-free attitude towards life is often nicknamed “a butterfly”.
we can also get postcards, inland letters, and envelopes at these windows.
there are some material that have offense that seems life threatening.
it lead him through more barren lands.
but know a days there are so much stuff people can do to get all of things.
new technology greater than my knowledge is coming.
another one is that because there was nothing around him, he felt frustrated.
the less time your child spends on the the less chance will have being kidnapped, the is so dangerous, would you ever put your child in danger.
do you want your child to have fun?
i could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin, or another kid from a different country.
there all made by mankind, but with a bit of technology.
this clearly violates the and thus is unconstitutional and illegal in the .
breathing in some fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child out.
other games such as the , require you to think on your feet and can improve your reflexes.
that is how the author used features of the setting to add to the struggle of the cyclist.
they also use a lot of electricity.
it is happy, but slightly sad.
i cannot.
i have observed that many people will often attempt to steal this right from people, and this instillation of censorship will do just that to the authors.
i say, if you do not like it, do not look at it, it is simple as that.
so let everyone read what they want when they want.
shows deep feeling towards nature.
out either have no backyard or have nothing better to do.
however, i did not have a computer at home, my studies would be near impossible.
my first argument is that most people use there computer to get information for a project they have to do for class.
would you ever want that to happen to your child?
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that it is lave.
even teacher es lets the teachers communicate with parents so it helps you communicate without everyone being in your conversation on the phone.
computers let you do so much to stay entertained over long rides or even rides.
it is necessary to enter the medical college and follow clinical medicine.
people can gain the effects of laziness, little brain effort, and lose interaction with the outside world.
the is all people use to write on their paper, and doodle on the back round.
some people might look at this question and instantly say yes.
so, library material should be a choice
to start off, as an eight grades, we are prepared to go to high school.
you can play a game for hours and not notice how much time has passed by.
remove a book from a shelf is like decrease from knowledge that could have been known.
despite such discomfort, this information should not be hidden from anyone.
you can also do that on a computer.
soon the geese will come back and the snow will melt, and she will return to take her test and will be determined to pass.
people can learn new words they never knew about.
he is the only son of our family.
you are the visitor, click here to get your prize!
censorship is not something to support.
my family also uses the computer, to order.
internet is a virtual library, you can search videos, books, magazines, and music.
i think you would horribly and you would want that person to go to jail.
this caused him to become tired and frustrated.
the setting affects the cyclist because one he should have stack to his own map.
they get caught up in drugs or the fame that it puts them in.
one time i wanted to go on the web and look to see there was a in .
i hope you agree with me on this.
that is certainly not the basis on which this great country was founded!
you want to be at home on a computer all day or you want to be high energized and spending quality time with family and friends?
the number one problem of the is obesity.
computers help people to make better car, light, an so on.
riding his bike in the hilly, dry, hot desert the cyclist became tired and thirsty.
if you do this thinks everyone will say that computer your positive effect and are one of the last invention created.
if the choice is left to them that material might not be available to the reader that needs it.
so in conclusion the computer can do many helpful things.
computers also have websites and programs that can help you cannot will family and friends!
it is also important to that they can keep in touch with friends after school hours.
writers state things that to some degree offend one in a million people.
this kind of stuff gets our attention, and makes us interested.
produces only bookworms.
this is what i think the computers effects have on people.
not only do computers let you talk to people far away, but people close too.
this gave him a better life.
do you agree that computers take over lives?
that have been proven.
the features of the setting in which the cyclist is in change his outlook on the trip.
at the end of class gets graded and the grade on turns out to be a .
initially, imagine you have a project due in two days.
i think most people would agree i say everyone in this world should be treated the absolute same.
if it were a magazine, they might look at it.
with the computer you can access multiple sites.
put a and older section in the libraries so any and every body will not be able to enter unless they have just to solve the age problem.
the features of the nearby setting affect the cyclist in a bad way.
also people would just start saying they thought that item was not suited for the library just because they did not like it period.
of the working humans is a larger amount.
it really is magical.
dear newspaper, computers!
the story ends with that line because draws strength from the hibiscus, so next time she will not fail the test.
you could write a paper on the computer for example read on to see how i support my reasons of why computers are helpful in peoples lives.
if someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law.
so if you take away the thing we like what will we have to do after school when we go to the .
my second reason was the computers are so fun.
everyone should have a choice and a right to see or to see certain material they might find offensive.
i have no idea why any person would want to take books,music,movies and magazines away from us.
this shows that he was energized and happy.
laptops make work possible on the go to!
the world is not perfect, and it is never going to be perfect.
picture how many parents are upset and how yours would be too to find that their child has been bullied to death, it really hurts them.
all of the books we had hoped to read would have to be bought online, if it were still allowed.
find something your parents like to do and see if you like .
then when spring comes and it blooms the flower could give her the strength to pass the test.
how many of you out there absolutely love to read?
of course i can be talking about anything, but what about computers verses family, friends, nature, your own health etc.
just like music and television, the final choice in the purchase is all dependent on the parents.
this is why i think computers have a positive affect on people.
does this mean anything to you?
in do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting by making him feel worse than he does.
they would start reading, and soon read something that is completely offensive.
i know they can, but can only effect an amount of people if they together understand the problem.
that book allowed children to better understand how hard life was in the past.
what do you think would you enjoy always being on the computer?
nine out of ten people go on the computer at least more than once a month to learn about something new.
i think music is what influences a person the most.
in conclusion, you can see how a computer can effect a person.
are turning people against each other.
racism is one of the biggest conflicts in the world today.
also, using the internet you can access all of the communicate benefits of using computers.
if we should not forget, why should the youth learn?
also the roads were long and very bumpy and windy.
when is ??
i find computers as a great addition to society because they play a big role in jobs around the country and in addition display accessible information to the ?
the author ended the story with that specific quote because it shows the grasp in understanding the beauty & marvels of nature.
everyone that will read this will think differently about censorship in libraries.
afterwards, she bought the to comfort her homesickness.
my views can vary when i am older and have children of my own someday.
thank you and have a good day.
also, the author credits the house with giving him a family.
from my experience, reading these things are honestly kind of helpful.
the reader thinks the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the girl is saying she will try again, and take that test.
everyone has found something offensive throughout their life.
without newspapers, people cannot get knowledge and news of our country and the world.
there were times of racism and violence.
computers are keeping people from spending time together.
they just need to calm themselves down and just face the facts.
books should remain where they belong, in schools on the shelves.
censorship can be considered as a major problem.
that is very dangerous because your cholesterol will rise.
at the library, there is a music section, movie section, and lastly the books.
secondly computers help people learn new things.
that is why the author ended the story in this way.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she has faith for a new start.
people know what they want.
the hibiscus dies off over the winter and starts budding again in the spring, this shows that winter is its weakness.
my third and final reason is that the computer allows us learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live on.
the time is now!
libraries need to put serious thought into what is on the shelves, no matter what form the information is in.
they choose what child wears, where they live, and where they attend school.
i believe that books are too important to throw out just because they contain a few vulgar words or images.
first off, computers give us the ability to talk with people all over the world.
one, when you go to school, more with other student.
finally, you can type your essay on the computer.
lastly some bad things can be shown and can happen while online.
the peacocks dance in the fields.
i also feel like this somewhat goes along with the idea of free will.
i do not believe that books should be censored.
inside our body, there are many systems.
if i had found something that i disagreed with i would not read it or just think nothing of it.
this means that his parents turned a small house into a welcoming.
computers are the thing we use today.
they can also entertain us when we have nothing to do.
this enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events.
the television has inappropriate shows on it all the time, yet everyone can have access to it if they chose to.
support me on this by limiting usage of computers and by helping the public see the dangers that these technological devices bring.
children at young ages still have their innocence.
in conclusion everything in the library should be censored.
life is to short to worry and feel offended.
he is gracious towards his parents for being courageous and making them a home.
relative means that one person has a different view than that of another.
it is merely suggesting that instead of having a metaphorical black curtain over half the news, they report the whole truth.
the library takes great precaution to the censorship of their books, movies music etc
i think by her being remind of her homeland would help her take the test easier because she will be more happy.
for example, he says how his parents cooked, and after that: (and for which i am eternally grateful).
so what would you do if put in this situation?
during the day, they will be very tired in school or work and the internet will be the one to blame.
i clicked many pictures there.
those are three moods that were created by the author in the memoir
is for all of these reasons i strongly believe computers are beneficial to the community.
first, you can look up places, chat with friends and family.
we all know computers and other technology are great sources of entertainments.
all you do is go to and type in what you want to find.
but that can be changed easily by limiting kids, see who they talk to and get them in a sport.
just stay away from it and you will not get offended.
i already know the answer.
when people sit in front of a computer screen all day only getting up to grab something to eat, people will because obese.
firstly, computers can be used for research.
a case take action to stop using computer .
the kids chose to read the book in the first place, so it would be their own doing if their life changed.
the time has come to decide.
the mood created by the author in the memoir would be describe happy and thankful.
without computers we would not be able to be as social.
picture if you will, a hard working business man who lives in the .
the internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want.
i am writing to the newspaper, about removing certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, and more.
if you need to tell them something, there is no need for a phone.
seeing the hibiscus allows her to find comfort.
one day we will end up like the world in .
again, the features of the setting that affected the cyclist are the desert, the high temperatures, and the bad water which he could not drink.
well in the way i see it, they are wrong because keeping them is better.
sometimes people cannot call each other because its too long distance.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects that computers have on people is that more and more obese people.
when the crops grow, he harvests the crop and sells them in the market.
our normal backpacking trip had become more of a game of survival.
in the story, do not exceed postal speed limit, many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
if they spend too much time on the computer they are more likely to fail their classes.
most people think that computers are just new helpful technology, but there is more to it than just that.
computers help you do that, using the internet.
i was going to die he says.
we also watched the movie to get a better understanding of the differences between our time periods.
does everyone you know live in one are?
i think everything should be there.
another reason is because the flower blooms in spring and it never stops blooming.
such as , , and even .
limiting the age on books will stop younger audiences from viewing them.
now everyday i talk to her on the computer.
i believe from watching them, that it helps them grow.
things would be so much better.
people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike.
they have to cater to the individual tastes of the masses, without regard to what other people find offensive.
serious actions might come from the objects, and later on come from the same child that either listed to, saw it, or looked at it.
let me explain my reasoning in the next few paragraphs.
movies tell you what it is rated.
and i know that know one whats that to happen.
but how does the computer?
they explained to the reader how really important family is and how thankful the author is for his family and all the life lessons they have taught him.
dear local newspaper, you agree that computers effect people?
movies, music, books, etc.
by taking these things away from the youth we are telling them that its not out there, that the world is perfect and there is no wrong.
the final and most popular way is video chat.
imagine what it would be like if we had no news reporters, no paparazzi.
magazines provide a type of self enjoyment for people.
they have a pair of eyes and a pointed beak.
so think, are computers really harmful?
the most you let your child watch is .
over all, in the memoir of the mood can be mainly described as grateful towards his parents, heritage and home.
secondly, i think that computers are important is because they help with learning, even online schooling.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show that the girl is going to be like the hibiscus.
when a kid watches murder mysteries, fantasy shows, or dramas with bits of nudity, it is different to them and they are curious.
communicating is something else the computer helps with.
the same with movies.
it gave me a gigantic.
if everyone had a right to take away some books that they think are not appropriate, do you think there would be any books left?
have you ever think about why teenagers are changing each day?
where would we be without them?
these are the moods the memoir created.
that content might be a whole other world for a young child.
it is located at the other end of the library.
also it lets people interact with people around the world.
the says how glade he is that his parents help him out a lot.
the computer can teach you about any career, or regular job that you would need to learn about in just minutes, if needed?
people are able to send files, ship & even order online.
i wish i could build her a strong bird house.
with only a chance of living, gave her the support she needed through most difficult .
in public libraries, i think there should be sections of books based on age level, which most libraries do have already.
for example, is a sight designed to match people up for romantic relations.
it quickens reflexes during everyday life.
some people find a movie offensive because of words said or if a certain person dies first, while others could care less.
dear local newspaper, you ever see a child on the computer for hours and nothing could get them off?
and you can watch live sports games from your computer.
after some time another bus on the same route came.
sure, it is still okay to surf the web.
dear local newspaper, home computers is a good thing for many reasons.
the computer is a great way to learn about things but it also a great way to become a junkie and fat:
you should always be thankful to you parents.
the author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows she is not willing to give up on her new life.
this proves that no matter who or what you follow there is always a possibility of death from any circumstances.
she walks home and finds a hibiscus.
this outrageous number of hours the vital the to exercise, therefore allows their bodies to adopt to the habits of the children sleep, eat, computer.
the things they do to make some cash around here, do you agree with me?
these books that a library holds are not only there to educate us, but to entertain us as well.
why wait any longer?
in movies we always see the smart kids getting picked on and it seems like the athletes get all of the attention.
its all about trying to become accustomed to changes.
later that day my and i were at school reading our books she came up to me in the hallway.
first of all, computers prevent you from spending time your family and friends.
astronomy, arithmetic, music and other subjects tell us about the beauty in the disciplined growth.
just post a question on a public site use people with first hand experience will answer with all the detail you need and more.
computers have dramatically changed lives forever.
i believe that all the books are meant to be in the library.
my first idea is sometimes people do spend to much time on the computer than usual.
his cycling could be compared to the climbers who were lost in the snow storm in .
i then eat breakfast with my parents.
you can just his name and hundreds of different websites using will came.
there should be a right that adults can remove books from the shelf if its not right for there kids.
it' amazing because the computer helps lots of people and jobs.
that in spring, she will do better and pass the test.
somethings you could learn about on the computer are places, people, animals, plants, food, etc.
online courses allow an eager student to learn without breaking their bank or leaving their child if they are parents.
the lyrics and sounds speak to many people in strange ways.
they gave him a feeling of confidence, and physically cooled his body down.
censorship is a tricky concept.
in conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today.
censoring our libraries would be a harmful and wrong thing to do to the general public.
another less important thing about the computer is it gives many people entertainment.
also you take your car and go out into a morning drive feel the breeze.
we also are doing our part to destroy the environment.
many people have been very thankful for this system.
all the adult magazines should be with the adult reading books.
try to make a difference!
they are not telling you what to believe and what not to believe.
eventually after reaching a source of running water he is overjoyed with happiness and relief.
all of these things in the setting affected the cyclist.
there are groups who both support and challenge these ideas of censoring books and other media from our children.
you can go to the stock websites and control what you buy and sell, without raising you phone bill from calling the brokers.
another reason is, the computer helps kids get their work done faster.
also describes how his parents made their little apartment feel like a home.
it went very well.
if books and or materials are removed from the shelves, that can hide so much useful information that people could gain.
some books are good some are bad.
for example, what if you were into rap, or the hip hop culture, and someone finds that offensive?
like if it has to deal with sex or violence they should be taken off shelves.
in fact, we are all called to share our ideas.
are very well liked by many of people, so why get rid of them for those few who get offended?
that is one reason why i support the use of computers.
its your own choice on how you raise your kids but other parents think that you should have an imagination instead of the same old, same old.
the author chose to end it this way since the paragraph gives a lot of hope to the reader and gives the idea of a second chance.
in this memoir, i think the mood created is very peaceful, happy, and homely.
we can get all that we need and more off of books.
every morning we should wish our elders.
the library is a place for everyone and not just one type of people.
in conclusion, offensive material should not be removed from our libraries, rather regulated through our parents or elders.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
that really concerns some people and can hurt the library that held the book, and they could begin losing customers.
the housewives buy vegetables and fruit from him.
it is also relating the drivers test to the hibiscus plant.
the snow melting away represents all the hardship she faced in the previous year.
should be removed from the shelves.
his parents have there arms and doors open to those who will do the same for them.
when i listen to music or watch movies or even read books sometimes.
yup, trees are killed for them.
not everyone agrees that technology is benefit to our growing well, but i believe it keeps us moving forward and away from ignorance in all of its forms.
everyone goes through life with different things they have to learn at different rates.
some people are going a little bit too far when it comes to older teens.
the setting relates to the person and plays a role, which the cyclist can observe.
families who stay of the computer and have dinner with their families typically have children that get better grades.
i think things should have to be very offensive to pull them off the shelves.
i am writing you today to propose an explanation on my views of censorship in libraries.
they think that they should get some books that are not found offensive.
i believe are exceptional writers and promising producers and artists.
give people the full right to read and write whatever it is they want to.
why hide things that are real?
she bought a plant that reminds her of home.
for young children, stay with the cartoon educational type things.
i think computers have a good effect on people.
the way an author writes a story or a piece of music always has meaning; they made the conscious decision to write it that way for a reason.
the book ' ' is about a young girl that grew up without a father.
so whatever a kid reads or watches will probably be the same.
some people like reading books, magazines some might think are offensive.
parents are possibly some of the biggest advocates of library censorship.
but then again these are people that use them for entertainment and other social things.
he has to live with precautions and preventions.
i think that is the purpose of the paragraph.
of the people who work at public businesses do this, going along with ads, when could also or another reason for this.
firstly, many people can talk long distance with family of friends.
next, this last paragraph can tell you about the whole story.
taking certain books of shelves would be against our constitution.
it was offensive to many, and in addition it caused an uprising among because of its content.
well computers can be a good or a bad thing.
computers are very addicting in terms of , and online games.
everyone respects him in our neighborhood.
everything that happened in that book was real, and people need to know what happened and why were the people in that story doing those things.
have you ever gone to a library and the magazine you were looking for was behind everything else on the top shelf?
after she got home it was over with and again she accepts the change.
libraries are very interesting in many ways.
when you buy movies a lot of times people check the rating on the movie to see if it would be appropriate for their child or even for themselves.
but these days, he can find out anything.
any time my friends and i have a question about anything anything that happened that day.
if you removed offensive material from libraries then i guess you would have to shut down the internet as well.
why would you take things away that people actually enjoy?
if you were an author, would you think it would be fair for someone to have your creation taken off the shelves because it offended someone?
another reason offensive material should not be removed is because parents would have to approve the item that their child is getting.
he is very tired and almost sick from the heat.
in the world, there are books that certain people would enjoy more than others.
i read about the delicious food and rich culture.
this is not safe in any way.
nobody is forcing to read that specific book; libraries are filled up with a numerous amount of books.
this computer madness is losing lives, we cannot allow this to continue.
india was also ruled by the white people at that time.
one term of communication that came out recently is .
computers are helpful device.
i felt very important-almost a lord, little did i, know that this joy was to be short-lived.
amazingly, computers allow doctors and nurses to look at patients in a whole new way.
we do not need anymore reasons for people to judge someone based on something that they read.
this means that he felt he was close enough to everybody in his community it was like family.
since he ran out of water because of the heat, his energy is also dropped.
the same case with my mom.
you need them to see how you are doing financially computers are essential to our and economy.
some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy.
without a doubt, continue reading.
his parents helped him and gave him hope.
do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?
people are not getting enough exercise, .
i know if i was a parent i would not want my young child reading of a violent murder, or gangs.
they are nit interested in going to the library in order to research information on people, places, and family heritage.
it is a free choice to read a book, regardless of what it says.
i use aim to talk to all my friends, i use to face with.
friends are a big part of my life and i love just to talk to them and see how they are doing.
reading is yet fun but it is also , with out being in school!
they had to start over and that is what made him most grateful for his parents.
if someone was bored right now, he or she could use the computer to play fun games.
the cyclists attitude changed depending upon whether the setting was very beneficial to him or not.
another great way to learn online is going to websites that have sample math problem and print the sheet out to practice.
computers, as you know, are one of the worlds greatest information posts.
he regained hope and moved ahead.
there were vendors selling balloons, caps, eatables and lot of other things.
he is so overjoyed by this building that he wants to find the owners, and kiss them.
they give people the ability to learn information faraway places and people.
walking in and , we see books, music, and magazines lining the walls, most containing explicit material.
considering the cyclist was already tired and sweating from riding on rough roads and passing a large snake, riding on rolling hills would be extremely difficult.
as a child, you want to explore and know everything.
the few months time will allow the author time to mentally and physically prepare for the exam.
dear , to this day, there are many people who use telecommunication devices, like the computer.
for instance, last month i sprained my ankle and i stayed home from school for one day.
finally, my last reason is because people are spending less time interacting with family ans friends.
i arrived at the first town.
they could also develop a rating system like they do in video games so you know what kind of content is in it.
have you ever wanted to know what the capital of is, or what the weather is in ?
censorship is based on a opinion someone has.
you ask what it is i am speaking about.
we type reports, learn, read online.
throughout the story it says how she feels out of place just like the winter hibiscus.
“simple life” saysthe prophet mohammed, “set my heart on high thoughts.”
no entertainment like listing to musics, watching fun, and probable the most popular playing games.
it has four wheels and two doors.
dear local newspaper, i just heard that people are spending too much time on computers than with their families and friends.
i believe that books should have racism in it because it shows how much we have changed from the past
you can get pictures some important cities and places, and some knowledge on the people who lies there.
i, myself, am very free with my language and the inappropriate and vulgar things i say.
articles and books provide a description, nut nothing really gives the person a solid picture.
the features of the setting directly affects the cyclist.
then there is the type of animal.
today you can find so many offensive television shows and commercials.
when you get punished, it could cause you to lose something for a certain amount of .
once i came up on a very horrible seen on the computer.
but their are people who do make a big deal about that kinda stuff.
these materials do not have to be removed completely.
water clock and sand clock were invented to measure time.
he is a very good man.
or i would give them different house to choose from and give them a good deal on it.
you cannot see how a character truly feels.
obtain an email address, type a message, and click send.
i believe that is the reason people do not like certain books in libraries.
the fantastic thing about computers are that we can learn about far away places without having to leave the comfort of our home.
some parents take offense to a show on the television because they don' believe that is right for their kid to be watching.
when we went to
but the most important part of using a computer is to enjoy it, and have fun!
now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication.
many people think email is a waste of time, but can help you in your everyday life.
her helper teacher.
out of of family members and friends agree with mom.
this memoir has a lot of mood in it and it makes it a lot better.
two years ago, a man named , years old, fell onto the train tracks just as a train was coming by.
this one band got banned in the united states of for there music.
they will learn to use there eyes, arms, and hands to there advantage.
life without books?
also, the narration states, she admitted to herself, she much preferred it to a big mac[ho].
in my opinion computers do not have a good effect.
peacocks were in large numbers.
climate, location, and population all have an effect on the cyclist.
if you take books away from the libraries then you loose sales.
computers and modern technology are advancing quickly, and more and more people are beginning to use them.
also like when a person is doing their home work they start getting carried away in taking their time going slow and ends up finishing very bad.
why not let them challenge themselves in a good book, that they got to pick out.
no, i do not think they should be removed.
that way you can be sure who you are talking to.
such as friends, family, and nature.
if you have children, what do you think they do most of their lives.
it is very important for babies to have milk.
the heat definitely effects this mans cycling in a bad way.
i think this law should actually be enforced instead of ignored.
do you see our future now?
the story says, i stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink.
only fun and energized people get out and get active.
music is another thing.
typing on the computer is a lot different from talking in person.
after explaining my opinion think about what is offensive or just someone expressing a past memory.
last but not least, you can play games on your computer.
i feel so sorry for having sometimes made faces at her.
computers have allowed us to communicate with our family that live somewhere we cant afford to travel to.
there are some things that people need have in a library if they are doing a project that way they have the resources to do it.
you quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her.
the mood created by the author in the memoir shows a kind community, careful, and courage.
computers help us communicate, research different topics, and have just plain fun things to do.
i think its wrong to do so, because any book should be read know matter what is said in it.
it goes along with me in the morning.
a lot of it is especially not for young children.
i like magazines.
the towns the old people mentions are now ghost towns, and are no help to the author.
you can just about get any book there you want to read.
because he loved living there with his parents and having family members around and being able to learn about his heritage.
she asked my sister to switch off the transistor.
the last reason is the most important to of family.
the schools do this so that we can go to other countries in the work force.
i started looking out of the window.
dear, the people use the internet.
in the last paragraph the author explains that home is were he learned the real definition of family and love.
i am here to say that, that is a terrible accusation.
learning about pregnancy make them think how that women got pregnant with a child.
everyone likes to sit in the for hours and soak in a good novel.
he even put rocks in his mouth to help his dehydration.
the computer also, negatively effects people with interacting with family and friends.
the libraries being a place to study and learn should have a bus load different things even if some take offensive to it.
people bargain with him before buying things.
i believe that censoring things such as books, movies and music in a library is not a good idea.
birdie eats grains, fruits and insects.
fighting and killing is not good.
being exposed to these computers are helpful.
libraries should have different stickers or labels on books for children and have a warning signs for their age.
it is very beautify place and i am very like to spend the evening in the home garden.
everyone has some friends.
in the , there are all kinds of freedoms that we as use freely.
the author creates a very happy mood in this memoir.
censorship in libraries is a big argument today.
the youth is what is going to be running this country when we are old.
it a very normal thing for a parent to be protective of his or her child, but to a certain extent.
if they had the freedom to take things, then there would be nothing for anybody to read, listen too, watch, eat etc.
as he approaches towns, his hope increases but soon fades due to the realization that the town will be unable of giving him relief.
although i use a computer a lot i still have fun with friends and play sports.
they be learning books but the little kids do not need to see that.
irritates me when people think they need to live for everyone.
to begin with, in the matter of the case should we or should we not remove offensive books,music, magazines, or movies from the library.
this is not good.
in a recent study, over of people just talk online to their friends rather than going out to meet them.
not just for games.
many families have accounts on photo sharing sites.
dear , i strongly believe that people should cut down on using the computer.
in this paragraph i will be explaining some features of the setting that affected the cyclist.
so it makes it easy on adults as well.
it was such a problem that he had to suck on stones to take his mind off thirst.
at , , of the students learned about new cultures in one year, thanks to computers.
now i consider myself a young adult and i believe that other children my age could read about different things and know whats right from wrong.
your with your family your supposed to spend time with them.
we all like to read them, watch them, and listen to them.
this is a common scenario.
those are only a few of the reasons why computers are good for society.
keep this all in mind.
so if you would please under stand we got to read all of our parents favorite child hood books.
do you find some items offensive and want libraries to remove them?
even when i read that book today i do not see any of the reasons that were listed in the book.
computers are the way of the future.
i believe that children should have the right to know about some things but not all.
people will always have their own views on everything.
i will be telling you about how i think computers are great.
if there is snow on the ground, and people are unable to get their newspaper, they can read it online.
republic day and independence day function at national and regional levels are also shown on television.
it used to be that traveled very slowly, , we can know about it only a few minutes after it happened, thanks to computers.
i think that the author ends the story with the paragraph that he did, to show that you can always change.
if we had that right it would cause problems from many stand points if you think about it.
what are you waiting for?
this was why the setting was affecting the cyclist.
he gives us moral lessons.
when i overheard a little of their conversation i could the words he had trouble saying and he did not have a good vocabulary.
we have had seen censorship in our history.
computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries.
the temperature was extremely high and the humidity was very dry.
say no cause you computer.
this allowed not only them to be happy but for other people to share their happiness with them.
i think when people listen to the music he or she likes, it defines who they are, it shows what kind of mood there are in.
even though some moods are good and some are bad.
for someone to take anything off of a shelf that is open to the public is taking away their freedom.
but others like the people checking out the books might think differently then the staff.
they showed me with their own lives & these teachings have been the basis of my life.
not the books that will talk about sexual things or even make you wonder about sex.
that could cause them not to like white people.
the camel he was in was affecting his brain, and he just wanted to get it over with.
with this in mind i should not be able to pick a book and open it to find sexual dialog.
if people know what type of material it is and still choose to view it then they get what they ask for.
when we start giving up rights such as freedom of speech we will not be able to stop those people who took those right from taking more.
so that throw that concern out or the window you work have to worry about that.
therefore the computer helps teach everyone facts and many stays on whats going on around the world.
since the hospital was a private one, the salaries were rather low.
the internet is where most of this takes place though.
computers can be used as a learning tool, allows communication with distant family and friends.
dear , you know that computers can prevent you from doing a lot of things?
now does some of those books seem a little better now?
the way, he lived was the mood of his house.
i was thinking to myself that oh well i am young and i will eventually learn in the long run from what is good and what is bad
the best thing to do is let these materials stick around because there is nothing you can do to get them gone from everywhere else.
been for computers and .
no one could express love the way we do now.
i myself am a musician, which is no more artistic in a sense than any other creator, such as an author.
the setting and features of the essay affected the cyclist not only physically, but mentally as well.
i feel that a person will see what they want to see and what they want to read, fact of the matter is they have the right to.
the magazines are there to learn not for enjoyment.
almost everyone has one that they use.
i just do not think it is right for little kids to see that when there looking for a book or a book about their favorite animal.
all in all censorship in the libraries should be a rule but to only the books worth keeping not these horrific books
not only did see the positive effects of staying in contact.
is it right sending sheltered teens out in the world unable to fend for themselves?
the altercation ended only when he passenger had enjoyed the last puff.
then you can take that book off the shelf and throw it away or whatever you want to do with that book.
taking offensive articles off the shelves ruins good books for everyone else.
i remember a story of a girl who took her own life because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother.
, computers are a part of our advanced technology.
it should be up to the children what they read.
just a backdrop.
the censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed.
this is a very controversial topic.
dear , would you want to do in your spare time?
sometime, someone have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home.
this shows that there were always people around.
you can still do all that on computers.
the author creates gratefulness by repeatedly saying what his parents gave him and that he is grateful for it.
normally when someone takes offense to something they try to get rid of the thing offending them.
i believe that is a from two to three cars.
dear , in the past ten years, advances in technology have completely changed the world.
however, there will always be people that could take offense to others' ideas and opinions that comes with freedom of speech.
because of researching this offensive material you can learn more about .
in the past years many people have gained a lot of weight.
if you had a family member far away, this could be a good way to talk to them.
but she never punishes them.
i loved each moment of it.
people need to read to understand why some people think that somethings are offensive toward other people.
but, i feel the computer is a magnificent invention.
the only goodness as the poor cyclist is when they came along a bait tar, some sign of civilization that keeps him alive.
do you think that if certain books, music, movies, and magazines shout be removed from shelves because someone finds them offensive?
my cousins are getting bigger and bigger.
most importantly, computers have created a way for you talk to friends and family around the globe.
no matter where people go they can find something that could offend someone.
but instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it.
this proves that the cyclist is very hot due to the summer heat.
this shows how he loved his home.
: i believe that computers (for now) are a good thing for our society.
it also sounded in the story that it felt like two hundred degrees when the sun was beating down
so women just had a baby & she is using her computer to work online.
art is what it is.
i know i use the web to with almost every project i have.
so unless you want all those things happening to you, i suggest you spend less those on the computer!
this is a strong reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society.
instead, she stared at the hibiscus is what was important t
does it drive us crazy that they do?
on a computer you can program , design presentations, documents, drawings, maps, graphs, almost anything you put you mind to can be virtually made.
i noticed the terrain changing.
another good thing about computers is you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, even go shopping.
millions of books were burned and hundreds, if not thousands of writers were executed for conveying opinions in their work that conflicted with the ideas of their government.
also when the cyclist went through a terrain change.
they also have effect they help business people stay organized.
often people would like to widen there music intellect and the library is the perfect place to do that.
the movement people will normally do is get up and go to the bathroom.
you might also learn about nature.
he felt like the world was against him.
it us helps us look up facts or recent news quickly.
they have forgotten a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
this final paragraph is important because it shows how her life is changing.
there is this book we read this year called ' are '.
the freedom of speech is one.
computers can have benefit society.
that certainly does not benefit society.
the use of computers has allowed me to stay in contact with distant friends and relatives.
another reason libraries should not remove offensive items from their shelves is that, most likely, the entire book, magazine, movie, etc.
the idea of regulating what is on our shelves is not the most effective.
he remembers reading that sticking pebbles in your mouth calms your thirst.
the bicycle is very useful poor man’s vehicle.
meeting new people, and seeing different places all over.
in paragraph two the author describes his childhood home with words like traditional, passionate, and congregation.
it would be a would far different from our own.
but then i do see it the other way to.
men, you look around what do you see.
below, i will explain each reason.
have you ever been to a library and not found something you liked?
the more information you have the better.
some of the most interesting books to read are about murders, i think.
its regular care makes it move smoothly and fast.
have you ever taken a nice walk in the park?
, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat.
it was invented by a scientist, jhon logie baird.
some people would rather stay on the computer than hangout with family and friends.
another example is you can look up recent or past events you want to know about and research it.
some people make some ornaments and fancy
sometimes the really good books are when they are offensive, because they are actually telling you what they really believe in.
in the essay it says the sun was beginning to heat beat down, but i barely noticed it.
computers are helpful on finding information, making your work less difficult.
i do admit that reading books for class is somewhat annoying at times, but it will help us in the future.
it says working the handle of the rusted water pump with all my strength.
certain things like reading about the times before racial equality, and such things as slavery are very offensive for people to read about.
in this time i hope you have learned more about the computer and have changed your mind.
but in many different ways.
also they should be able to do this and not learn how to be offensive to others.
some people like certain books or media and dislike others.
we should be permitted to say anything we want, even though in our hearts, we should know what is right and wrong.
maybe even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write the things on what people want to hear, or see.
not only are computers used to educate, but they are helpful in the real world.
new, some people think that all kids are going to do is sit in front of the computer and play games.
a main concern about computers is that no one will want to read books and anything else.
i can see how this would be very beneficial to traveling business men who might need a room for the night.
you can type up a page essay if you wish.
i know that for rated movies there is an age limit, but for explicit books i do not think there is an age limit.
of all the population in the is overweight due to technology brought into our world.
he shouts in the street in an interesting tone.
that is just apart of humans having their own opinions.
now, lets talk about the way people are neglecting their families and friends.
parents and adults do not want us growing up so fast, and yet they allow sexual, crude language movies to be on the shelves of libraries.
he often quarrels with others over small things but soon forgets about it.
the tone adds to the theme of the story.
in conclusion, the reason why people should not spend their life on computer because they think they will be entertain by technology instead of interacting will their family.
children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images that they are exposed to.
she is doing the test again when the starts over so she can do.
firstly, you loose interaction with family and friends.
by using electricity for this nonsense device, we waste money.
this author creates many moods in this memoir.
moreover, computers are doors into the real world, especially for residents of .
even now there be those who refuse to read your newspaper because of their disagreements with one, individual editor.
the setting affected the cyclist because of the rode conditions.
i honestly think all they all should be put in different sections of the library by age.
going outside is very important to your health.
my opinion is that the computer help a lot is something like need in our life.
while some books offend people, censoring a book can be just as offensive to other parties.
they would not make it in the world of today.
if you also how the economy is doing, you can look up tax rates and how find out how much our country is in debt.
dear local newspaper, i am writing a letter to you to explain why i think computers are not good to have.
are they amazing or what?
i know this from personal experience.
we need computers for so many things, and they benefit society.
its almost like a pen pal last your in a computer.
with the quote in the introduction paragraph, or the one in the question, it was written as a sign of symbolism.
i mean we know the books that kids are not supposed to read but parents let kids read them.
the features of the setting affect to cyclist because of where he is.
it helps you to not look down.
this excerpt conveys a feeling of nostalgia and warmth as the author praises his childhood home.
being on the computer helps with hand eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places, and even talk friends.
personally i believe in censorship, but to others, its a waste of time.
dear, i think the effects that computers do on people are really positive.
there are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit.
cultural books or magazines from other countries or of a certain topic can sometimes be very graphic and have language that is only appropriate for certain ages.
however, work is a really large effect computers have on people.
there should not be any style of censorship in the .
that person can inspire another person.
the author also ends with this paragraph because when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
a lot can be learned from books and without books there can not and will not be knowledge that is spread for future generations to come.
but distracting games that waste time also cause stress, which could be fatal.
people say that computers are teaching important skills.
for example, the textbooks that we use in social studies at our school still refers to as the .
it makes them more social, which is a great quality to have in life.
that would take care of the problem by putting the decision of reading it and being offended in their hands.
now if it was a book that has been misplaced i would take it from them.
books have been around for a very long time.
really bothers me, because when i was their age i had no idea what even was or meant.
no matter how much computer do they be but it is kids getting bigger and bigger all because they long.
if we could travel back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging around the streets.
i can honestly tell you that i love computers.
concluding the story that way showed the reader that she was adapting and learning to deal with a tough situation in a comforting way.
my parents are always staked about me talking to my friends and hanging out with them.
we meet new friends and chat online and never meet them and socialize, so that is one disadvantage of a computer.
you could take any famous work and someone could be offended it because it displays something contrary to their beliefs.
does this mean that every library should close its doors?
they never showed sadness and they loved and cared for her.
lastly computers are good entertainment.
exercise is important people let that bobby.
he ran to a wayside boutique.
people needs computers to look for a job.
i think will help her do better on the test.
people will find out by themselves what they want to hear or listen too.
there is noise everywhere.
both bright and weak students fear examinations.
not any more.
they also search for addressed and phone number.
but instead he just sit there online everyday eating.
thank you for your time.
id read once that sucking on stones helps takes your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you have left to circulate.
the solution to this problem is simply to not remove the books.
we need computers in life to help us do jobs, communicate with family or friends traveling the world, and for research on homework.
in that case, parents can feel more content with having their children read any material at the library.
the author concluded the passage with a very powerful statement.
and to me that is not fair.
eventually, if continues to drop at this the will have a world that went.
they use ratings and age control for their viewers.
our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated.
now after a couple yours of playing online my baseball, lacrosse and basketball skills have improved from playing online and practicing.
keep on the shelf
of the most popular website for watching videos on you tube.
most places have what they call late fees.
internet allows citizens to research places they would like to visit and buy transportation to their destination.
i believe that censorship is necessary in libraries because of the wide range of audiences, the public materials, and the opinions of certain people.
first, there are so many different people in the world.
we then had our dinner.
you can talk to people on certain websites.
there are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse.
the narrator also said, she found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home, lest she burst into tears again (ho ).
however, when adjusting to a new area, you should still remember your past home as well.
they often find their joy in these things.
this would make it unfair for the people who do enjoy these topics.
i think that the computer can help many kids obtain good grades.
i believe that libraries should provide any kind of book, magazine, music, and movies to the public, despite if they are found offensive.
some parents do not want their children to know about some of the things that are out there in the world, which is completely understandable.
they help people when they need it, it gives people entertainment.
dear , in my opinion, spending too much time online has negative effect on society.
and look up place see.
do you think that any material from the library should be taken off the shelf just because someone or a couple of people think its offensive or terrible?
another reason is because its a good hands on eye coordination on adults and students.
consequently, computers help a lot you keep in touch with friends all over the world.
also kids can do their projects.
is it kissing that makes books and media offensive or is it curse words or fighting.
you can just go to the beach or go to the gym you have lots of stuff to do other then going online and sitting for hours.
last year, my uncle moved to for work.
they provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment.
traveling, or even talking walks to enjoy nature can help.
instead of having problems, lack of sun, and just boring computer talk, people should got up and go.
the quote in short words for me means what should and should not be allowed for children and what they should learn as children.
the geese also were a reminder that some things back home were the same.
, my friend, found out her aunt diagnosed last year with cancer.
that leaves people the choice to watch, listen, or read the things they want, and they have to know beforehand that it might offend them.
many products such as paper, gum, rubber, etc, are obtained from trees.
as you can see computers have a positive effect.
i bet you that if you keep reading it would be understandable, why i agree.
here are my reasons why.
professor states that of passing college students are earning their degree online.
what if that person thought it was a little quiet in his or her room?
this is why i think computers have an positive effect on kids and adults.
once i got into the orchard and climbed up a huge mango tree.
and children need to get away from their computers.
anything at all that you need is at the tips of your fingers, with a little help from your computer and internet of course.
imagine seven years of your life sitting in front of a computer.
censorship should be a matter of the private, not public sphere.
i feel that censorship in libraries is an extreme show of personal opinion.
we could use what we learned to discover new things and help us to make the community, as a whole, .
man must know his foundation and where he comes from.
in my opinion, offensive materials should be taken off of the shelves
typing skills are a great example.
thank you for reading.
does that seem right to you?
the kids will see more nature and be bale to learn more about animals.
little kids like fantasy and picture books, teenagers like romance, and others like nonfiction.
or make them feel like a bad person for do something your grandparents did when they were young?
you can see places like , , and even .
in the country of the united states there should be no such thing as censorship.
according to a survey done by the only of computer users reported that they exercised at least once every week.
there was a on a shelf and she put it in her player.
i believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one.
another mood he had was kind of sad.
how do we get our children to stop getting these resources?
three main reasons are that people learn more about cultures, places, and some people work online.
time is a very important factor for us.
why not try to use the computer.
he said it was hot and that he was lost.
i would also use a computer to learn about far away places, or even famous people in history.
in this memoir gives a grateful feeling.
to read and watch or listen other media is a great way to learn about things other than what is in our back yard.
this point is a simple and logical one.
books are sorted by genre.
as we all know, there are things like books, picture, and movies that we do not want our younger generation to see.
i have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people.
one more good thing their is, is that you learn things online about anything.
he reflect on the irony of his position by saying that his situation should please all sadists reading about it.
if they are exercising who if i am here on the computer.
also, at one point he reaches a snake on the road.
my mother believed that i should not read those novels at that age.
many books that be found offensive are historical.
please keep reading to hear my great ideas.
some call him , some call him the man, and others call him the government.
with all of this media we have learned many things that we use today from past trials and failures.
which means probably grew up in a life without very much violence.
computers teach you hand eye coordination, they give you the ability to learn about far away places, and allow you to communicate with others online.
also, l think the fact that there is nothing around him is affecting him.
these gems of future, are like a human being; they have their own mind and can figure out answers to all problems.
what can you do to change?
years ago, it was not uncommon to see censorship in the media.
the more people get computers the people exercise.
everything that was on was not as bad in my opinion.
better yet, you can download the movies media are available , with you able to watch them with the click of the mouse.
after this town he came to, one ramshackle shed, several thirsty pumps, and men.
they will also provide information, and give people the ability to research and learn more about a topic or idea.
kids not know what is bad from good, but you still have teenagers.
is very grateful for how things turned out.
they left their family and friends to give their son a better life.
when you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life.
this kid was only six years old, but he thought that playing with guns was safe because he saw them do it in the movies.
they even have tools on computer.
books are another good resource if used correctly.
i went on the internet in and get all the info that i needed.
they are too busy with computers.
for example, their are a lot of people who just eat and eat and only use their computers.
one reason why i think there should be censorship is because of minors that want to see things that not be suitable for them.
buying the flower helps her with her troubles.
it was just because the time era and it was also because he was black.
their social skills and mind is being corrupted because of offensive media.
like science for example when doing a lab you could research and do it on a computer.
reading this made me feel very thankful.
chemicals are used in the fields.
for sometime, they forget about studies.
what is your choice to this difficult question?
so thanks to libraries that have an eye out for things like this
should they be removed?
however, someone that thinks there is no right for it to be shown, will remove the material.
genre comes in all kind of different types.
for example, internet checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else.
after reading this if have proven that my should be admired by many people.
i agree that people should not spend so much time on computer.
first off, you can chat with people from long distances.
that is why i think that you can work on the computer.
but remember my reasons why not to spend too much time.
i also think that if they are not offensive and do not talk about bad things kids should be able to see them or read them.
this is unlawful censorship.
yesterday evening i was doing my homework in my room.
when we read a classic, we are in communication with a great mind and get a moral contentment.
it protects its master’s property as its own.
no matter what your favorite classic piece of literature was, you recall the wonderful feeling you felt when reading it.
then again its just my opinion.
the setting of the story, are very dry and humid, and flat, and hilly.
they should be aware of the material that the children are looking at
how is that fair?
who want to go through the trouble of loaning books from the library, when the internet is there for your use any time?
most people found at that it was not the person they thought they were.
the author seems almost detected by this.
however on the other side of the library, there were books about children escaping their own world and traveling through time in a magical tree house.
one of which had been when i was out camping, and suddenly, as in the essay, the setting changed, and a storm came.
in my perspective, i just feel that the authors of these books are just writing and lets the creativeness take over.
he called it a substance it had a flavor of battery acid.
its just that easy.
the authors speaking very lovingly at this point in the story.
i paid nineteen dollars for it.
parents need to sit down with their when they have questions and discuss the truth with them.
as the author travels through the desert he is already upset because it is so hot and water is scarce showing how the terrain is a negative influence.
the camels carry the people’s food, goods, water and other
sure you can just go to the park and spend time there but not everybody live that close.
you want kids to be over weight like i was?
i would let him read it to learn about the past.
also this house has been this special to him, by spending his childhood there and also how he got love from his parents in this house.
offensive material will be out in the world.
what a pain.
you can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job.
its not fair to the author.
consequently, i did not play as well; missed a lot of passes and shots.
the hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising.
although most people stay on for long periods of time but they cant stay on all day without say hi to family and talking to them.
next, computers allow us to talk to faraway friends or family.
thank you for reading this article.
clearly, the computer provides ample ways to research and learn on a daily basis.
first reason is that all books and contents that a public library offers to the community should be open to everyone.
everyone finds different things offensive.
when really, protecting them could be harmful.
also computers have been a major part in entertainment.
have you ever had a time where you think back and wish you could see your old high school friends or even family living.
that means they will stay strong in the meantime just like her.
all i can do is hope you publish my letter so everyone can see my point of view & make their own decisions.
or how small they are still small.
computers are great step forward and are completely beneficial to our society.
the computer shows what man kind is capable of doing.
in fact, nearly of people have an account on a computer of a public website live , , or .
let the pretty picture is about to change.
she will try again for her drivers license at the start of spring.
a waste of money has been put into buying it, restoring it once, and now restoring it a second time!
many people have to read almost every day, people not realize it but they do.
in south africa, he worked to improve the condition of indians living there.
we are trained as humans to look for the bad in situations.
they act hyper and mean to other people or even other children.
well libraries contain more then just books.
the speaker is implying that it is so hot outside that he could faint from a heatstroke which could slow him down.
everyone should be able to decide whether to pick up a library material, and censorship makes that impossible
no one should be allowed to tell another person what they can and can not read.
i think computers have a positive effect.
i believe the correct answer is computers.
were not thinking about what power teens have with the internet.
this is because most teens sit inside watching or going on the internet instead of being active.
these conditions all made the cyclist have to work harder to find his destination.
it should be kept in a certain section of a library so parties wishing to avoid it can.
they make us happy, made us smarter, and make us a better society for it.
rain is both a blessing and a curse.
some people think they should be removed from the shelves, and i am one of them.
adults and children alike are lacking social needs.
everyone in able to agree or disagree in what types of things they like.
should have some type of censorship.
is often a week where people read all of the books that have been from school libraries.
the items that do contain graphic content, cursing, etc.
this made the cyclist feel like his journey was hopeless.
so after that, i think that censorship should be allowed at high schools.
since we are all different.
plus learn how to type fast.
, a world without computers.
without a doubt, computers benefit people in society in many ways.
the hills would make any riding more difficult.
i went to serve my country.
that is what i think the mood of this memoir is.
these types of things are very offensive to people.
many features in the setting affect the cyclist.
they have so much information that if you were to go to the library, you would be there all day.
babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking.
books and magazines be offensive, but they also entice the reader.
in take home and watch.
so if you put all of that together.
it can be done with the help of the mortar and pestle.
she wants to go back and try again.
there would probably be nothing left.
if a little kid saw that stuff then they would learn bad things.
removing literature from a shelf should not be permitted just because you think something about it.
they find violence perfectly acceptable and they might allow their kids to read the book.
interpretation of great scriptures, classics and literature, autobiographies of great men, history etc.
its the parents chose to say its okay if they child should listen to or watch offensive music and movies
it is better to go outside you got fresh air its nice and cold.
if i were to go to a library now, i would find many selections that correspond to my ideal novel or magazine.
do you really think computers have a positive affect?
the setting of the cyclist affected him by making him very hot & drinking his water & he would soon run out of water & dehydrate.
traveling to , or even under water.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
everyone writes up documents and needs to send them, open them up again, and edit them.
censoring certain things means that people are not going to learn from the mistakes of our pass.
whether it is books, movies or music, a person always has the choice of whether or not they want to be in contact with that item.
i personally disagree with the concept.
dear , , some people do spend most of the day on the computers, but not everyone.
he passes through still with a level head.
i believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinions.
books are a very important part of most peoples daily lives.
once again, magazines can contain some graphic content, and should only be kept from anyone under eighteen.
the opposite situation for books: we have them now, but when they are taken, we will want them even more.
it is all a part of growing up.
when the man began cycling he thought that this was going to be an easy for ride.
that can lead to fatness.
they want to hear the bad language and see graphic, gory scenes.
there are children in the library now why would you go as far to put things like that in a public library.
in school there have been many times where kids got the chance to read case after case about people trying to get some of the best books banned.
you can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once.
i am very fortunate for having a computer that can help with not only school work but my social life and how i make friends.
he is going on a journey on his bike.
people just have to limit their time on how much they stay on the computer.
some people have even removed the from local library systems.
the author is being grateful here when she recognizes the house she has lived in, the house her parents have worked so hard to get to.
another thing you could do is take online classes if you are having trouble in school.
i found all i needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project.
the computer solves this.
computers are good for everyone in this world.
you still have commercials, billboards, etc.
if she was not determined she might never pass and fit into her new society.
as he tried to keep going he lost hope and thought he was going to die.
among the animals we can include goats, lambs, hares or rabbits also.
they get back their energy and feel relaxed.
his caring and selflessness parents.
this flower represented hope.
it means giving up the right to say and think however you want.
first of all, after leaving the campground with directions from the older gentlemen, he enters an area that is greatly isolated.
worked as a post master and a storekeeper.
kinda like typing.
they are just not old enough or mature to be seeing or reading those things in books or magazines.
everyone in the world has different opinions.
proven by the best major over of children either have desktops, laptops, or some type of internet access.
and if you move on you will be a better person in the long run.
yes i know they might take exercise time away, or hurt your eyes but who cares just make up a time limit so you have time to exercise.
books more often are correct.
we all would have not personality at all.
after all they are just words on a piece of paper.
today you can try to create a law or bill that make it through the government, now some of them are trying to remove the uncensored material.
children and young people see and hear a lot worse things at home, television and even at school than in some books.
they have created a rating system to try give the audience a fair warning heads up, so that the audience knows what to suspect in the movie.
plus the heat made him real hot and thirsty.
censorship is wrong, our government has no business in what we choose to explore and no one should be restricted by the views of another.
those were the ways how cyclist would be affected by the features of the setting both mentally and physically.
this is the reason for the author to conclude his story like he does.
as you can see computers are more useful to society then you think, computers benefit society.
they refresh themselves for the remaining periods.
they gave up everything they had for her.
music is another form of media that can be found at a library that should be censored.
throw out you can live without .
out of people have gotten in big trouble through the .
if the author would have been on a population trait with water fountain and shade, he would have been fine.
people buying selling talking and shouting.
with your address they can even look at your house on a website or possibly get your houses blueprints.
because there was no buildings for miles be broke the ride into short distances
the library would be the most trustworthy documentation of facts about this topic.
explain things to them when they ask you a question.
in the future, we will require computers in most of our daily work.
because in the computer you can sign in internet and you go to google or other web side.
it costs money to go out and buy books when you can just borrow them from the library.
my standpoint on this issue is that the computers in the should be monitored.
we can progress by doing hard work.
a library is a place to sit and enjoy the surroundings.
computers also have the amazing ability to search the world wide web.
they get so wrapped up in it that they miss out on their important daily activities.
or it will help someone find their lost pet.
the author is so happy that she is moving to a new, and bigger house.
jump off a waterfall or go to the park let the wind hit your face.
even if your just making an observation just walk away and do not let it get the best of you.
instead of buying an airline ticket to see , you can go online to learn language.
i will now like to elaborate my reasons further.
they help students create good presentations and students can use the internet for research.
these are all things that save lives.
the reason why i say that is because we should be able to but what ever in our books that expresses our feelings in any way shape or form.
she has learned that if a delicate flower like the hibiscus can make it through rough times she can too.
this book was heavily criticized over the topic of censorship.
to conclusion i believe computers have a huge negative effect on people.
did you know that of adults are overweight?
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
many libraries contain books, movies, music, and magazines that can be considered offensive.
if they do not like what they see, then put it down.
what should we do people ask and she says well take away the .
so the heat gone drive you insane and make you thirty and you have a bite.
are diabetic which means we are not at a safe health rate.
an art book?
computers have completely changed the world.
the cyclist in this short story was greatly affected by the setting.
now, if they are not removed this is what can happen.
, computers offices would crumble and students grades would drop.
so libraries have to have some censorship on there work; there work should be removed so minors wont get the wrong message.
with the games like a majority of kids are ridding bikes skiing or snow boarding by five years old.
the library is open to anybody that wishes to enter.
a social life is very important to a grater.
any music store you walk into, you can find bands that bash the ideas of religion, but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditating music.
thank you for your time.
once the software has been installed, it will usually lead you, step by step, through the process of paying your bills.
the author was grateful to his parents.
buses were late and overcrowded.
the fairies were singing beautiful songs.
do you still support these computers!?
when the dinosaurs went extinct.
people would stop listening to that negative garbage.
the extreme heat of the summer definitely put a strain on the cyclist causing him to have to drink lots of water .
remember the first book you ever read by yourself?
the cyclists expedition was hindered due to many obstacles.
this are my three reason i think people should not stay on the computer all day.
so which one are you going to listen to?
this supports the mood of the memoir because the author is grateful to his parents for teaching him what a home really is.
that way parents can know and control what their children are seeing.
next day they changed the house and shifted to their son’s residence, in the nearby colony.
everyone has different views and ideas.
i can imagine that my grades would be i did have access to the internet of at home.
it also has search engines that help you locate the information like or .
the mother decides to plant the hibiscus in the garden to make her daughter happy.
a teacher can change the fortune of his students.
most music should have a positive message to it.
you can even play games on the computer.
you can in with a friend that is out of state, or you can talk with a person out of this country!
books use words to display important parts of a story and our history.
when he talks about how generous and wonderful people his parents were, the reader feels a sense of comfort.
people have found ways to communicate with other people through plugging in a web cam and mic.
in a public library i think that all books should be there to check out!
after he hits rolling hills and a sign warning of rough road and not exceeding the speed limit.
none the less, there is more entertainment open to everyone.
, there were many affects on the cyclist due to the setting.
though there are so many people yet no cheerful voices are heard.
in the end, it all boils down to freedom.
my father explained to me that the sound was due to the landing and takeoff of the airplanes.
parents and libraries should be more responsible about the offensive content that the children could possibly have access to.
he always says that the computers nowadays are very easy to use for talking to people.
people must adapt to technology, or we will fall behind and watch our slip away.
before the invention of the computer, the only way to pass on information was by mail or phone.
computers are a very good thing for kids to have.
their food is frogs and eggs.
its also good for the kids too.
nobody in this entire world is exactly the same.
this crushed her.
just be glad that you know about it now
like learning about far away places and people.
the setting of where the cyclist was affected him greatly.
but, i mean those are only my opinions.
pretty soon kind as a human will become all together through the .
there is also some videos that are rated , , , etc.
last month i went with my family to attend my cousin brother’s wedding.
all of this teaches me to be more careful about what i am doing and where i am doing it at.
the answer to all those questions is the .
as a teenager i can say that most of us who like music we love it.
when he was a
just think you sitting in the house on a rainy day bored out you mind and have no thing to do.
my first reason i think computers have terrible effect on people is because its a waste of time.
the material should be removed if they offend their gender.
he was thirsty that he put stones in his mouth to keep him from thinking about water.
by using censorship you will have to take the books that offend people off the shelves.
let us now look now at what a book, movie, magazine, or song offends with to be censored.
the mood of the memoir is generally happy.
more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals.
you are able to learn about faraway places even if you have never been there just by looking it up.
i love book,s and i hate to see them go away.
the truth is we can not stop them, their is so much of the pornography and bad music out in this world that your can get it anywhere.
in conclusion computers take away some important things line exercise.
if you do not cuss and say you go watch ' ' you are going to find it offensive because every other word they say is a cuss word.
pleases near my reasons and give me a fighting chance.
i believe people have the right to read,watch, or listen to what they want as long as it is not breaking any laws.
with this thought i think it will come down to either everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to no library at all.
you know when you go spent time with your family.
the author concluded the story like that because she was being positive.
if a person would want to check out a book that could offended another individual technically by the law they have the right to do so.
i bet some people have never thought of this but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheating.
first, it lets you friends and family.
as far as music and tapes go no i do not think that those types should be removed.
some books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
in article i have recently read in the , it was about experiment on computer use.
i ' think so.
with a computer it is easier to find those people and start talking to them.
even when chatting with friends online, the conversation is disjointed because attention is probably focused on another part of the internet.
for example he talks about things that he had to endure while he was riding.
if you are really offended by something the best thing you could do is avoid it.
they improve our minds and awaken our souls.
a child can just as easily come across the wrong track to take ones innocence.
have you ever came across offensive material inside a library?
there are a lot of things that effect the cyclist, such as the heat, having no water, the rough roads and the long trip.
she uses a spring time setting to show when her confidence in herself is reborn.
but just like everything computers have their downside.
computers create a relaxing entertainment opportunity.
it also helps you to look things up like people, states, and etc.
if they have a book at their house, the child could easily pick it up and read it there.
i think that if they do start removing things from library shelves they should still be allowed to be viewed to those who want to.
everyone know about those dating websites that matches two people and them together.
when someone writes a book on something, they usually have a lot of interest in whatever topic they are discussing.
all of us have our own opinion about what is offensive and what is not offensive.
when a book is banned, a piece of history is removed from others' sight.
also helps kids like to find information for reports and.
you just might make a new friend along the way.
he seemed unsure and a little nervous.
the author set a mood for this memoir.
think about it.
in the story, the author makes the hibiscus represent the way to adjust to the changes in life.
take i for an example.
we learn information about the world and about what is going on.
some of the things that might happen as a result of spring coming might be that will past the test.
well i have a solution to your problem.
they just need to learn to deal with it, or ignore it like i do.
in conclusion, the seeing does affects the cyclist and his mindset drastically.
should we listen to a song even though it gives off a bad message?
also being around computers and using them so much is pulling families further apart and stopping humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment.
the other part of the day they should be outside, walking around, maybe playing with pets, children or friends.
they help us in so many ways.
he braved the elements and forced himself on, with hopes that any source of water would reveal itself to him.
i agree with the computers helping people.
you never what might find out.
they are distancing themselves from everyone but their computer.
her books focus a lot on how girls need to watch what they are doing to keep themselves safe.
ratings worked with television and movies, so why can they not work for books to?
when you go to the various sections of your local library, what section do you start sprinting towards?
there is some other things that are bad about computers too for example: my friend stayed on his computer playing video games for most of the day.
does this one person have the right to say that a book should be removed?
this reminiscing not only reminded her of her past, but it also helped her compare her new home to her old home.
from reading online news to watching movies and listening to music computers entertain all of us.
here, let me help, mother.
one way that people use computers positively is by using it to be informed by news, traffic, and weather.
i think a computer would always have a positive affect on people.
i friends, everyone has friends either new friends or old friends.
a child could easily ask an older friend to check the book out for them, so they could read it later.
your friends are dust as important as your friends they both make you laugh.
she tells her mom that she did not pass the test but in the last paragraph she vowed to herself that by spring she will.
online poker could be dangerous.
additionally, the terrain he was riding on proved difficult.
dear , a recent survey said that out of doctors think the advances we have made with technology and computers is helping us rather than hurting us.
on the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (over the computer) and live a new life.
something else that will bother many people is them not being able to get a book just because parents do not like it.
did you know that you can even video chat with people.
chatting is the number one thing kids, adults , and teenagers do.
she also stopped reading the bible in her spare time to go on the internet.
families speak with each other through .
the next example of how the features and the settings
many people find inspiration from books and movies so if these were limited to only particular subjects people would begin to feel pressured to be the same.
printed materials are the hardest to censor.
the possibility are endless on the web.
there was an announcement.
most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening.
researchers are going on experimenting life on mars.
they are of different castes and religions.
people do have a reason to read books that are offensive.
you also have friends page to see how you are doing.
so maybe it can bring back good memories from her home town or just good luck i think.
no, of course not.
it can stop children from exercising enjoying the out doors and spending time with family.
it can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts.
when i have a project, i always use the computer to find important information about the topic.
they benefit society in every way imaginable, and have numerous positive affects on people.
there are certain sections in the library.
i was very happy when we went and i saw how beautiful is.
his duties are very hard.
this takes a community that is very close to be able to do something like this.
the last reason is that one.
is the computer getting in your way?
with a computer you can send a message from the computer to the persons cellular device.
people would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature.
for example, , a famous rapper.
or do you ever have time to go outside?
you should not ban books because it desecrates our individuality , we have the freedom of press, and because it would ruin the future.
they get hand eye coordination.
everyone had their own right to get and see the things they want
who wants to do that?
the main conflict of the cyclist in this text is the lack of water.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people around the world.
we need to filter out the bad and put new in for our younger kids.
events seemed pretty bad, until the speaker became elated when they saw a factory.
one time i did that and eyes felt weird after getting on the computer.
we have learned to accept everybody no matter what color they are.
on my last birthday, my father gifted me a toy plane.
after the rider gets home he says he is going to do it again.
we are able the express any and everything we can in whatever it is that we do in movies.
should we have the right to be able to remove materials from shelves if they are found offensive?
not to mention the fear some publishers or authors will have in publishing their works.
last a good way to protect this country.
without a doubt using a computer helps us learn.
some students go to the school canteen.
the author said this because the girl left everything just to come to this country and she can not fail.
effect of this is a world full of people who sit on the computer all day eating food and gaining weight.
in their the world, they will be able to do this on computer.
in my computers class.
do research, or maybe just for fun play games.
its as simple as that.
the librarians, or a national book association, could decide if the content of a book is appropriate for a certain age.
that book would be taken away from all schools in the brings us to this problem.
most kids by the age of have already used a computer for over hour.
my father took me there by car.
in the story, the cyclist is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
censorship takes away pieces of knowledge gradually.
the computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them.
with the computers in use people become less fit and healthy.
also some people have family and friends who live across the world.
i feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely.
the mood created by the author, i would say good.
she realizes it is just a part of life and that in order to succeed you have to fail.
censorship is a rule prohibiting the view of a book, music, movies, magazines, etc.
a lot of people believe that books are useless and should not even be on a shelf.
they are very mysterious when it comes to that.
like for ex he had trouble with the flat roads that was replaced by short, rolling hills.
that’s why we consider them as a visible god.
another issue i have is with sexual content being found in libraries.
your friends are the people that you want to talk to and spend time with.
even she heard their voices.
instead go to a book store and buy whatever you need there.
with this practiced self control they were able to learn the way of peace even in wars.
, computers are a problem to our health.
i would solve the difficulties of the teachers and students if i were the principal of my school.
i believe that their are lots of resources.
is for children under the age .
the first reason certain materials in libraries should be removed is because it is not suitable for children or even young teenagers.
i have observed that children listening to rap at a very young age are more likely to end up turning out to be an unsuccessful individual.
without computers society is because computers help the soldiers to win wars and even help people to live.
finally a huge impact on this decision is knowing that everyone has an opinion on something.
the country around her began to feel like home.
dear , you know, more and more people are starting to use computers.
, it is now possible study without of the , can be done on the internet online.
to find out these answers, all you have to do is look them up on the computer!
there are many ways to keep in touch with people over the world, like email, chat rooms, and websites like and .
the internet even encourages you to get outside and see things for yourself.
teens do talk about their lives so pretty much .
this is how kidnappings and murder happens in our world.
after an hour’s effort, they were finally able to control the fire.
in addition, computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
censorship in libraries are a touchy subject.
there are many ways to tell.
thanks for reading, bye!
when he finally arrives at the fish camp, he is relieved to be alive & is uplifted.
therefore, the setting does affect the cyclist.
each and every citizen has the right to read whatever they please to.
if you ask anyone they will tell you that having a computer is very important and necessary.
the budding hibiscus symbolizes comfort for her.
there are books about every single subject in the world.
also got a good sense of family.
should books, music, etc; be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
anything, as in research or personal reasons.
he tells them short stories about the fruits.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies etc.
also, with a computer, you never get put on hold or hear a busy signal.
those are my reasons on why it should not matter weather we have those types of materials in the library
now since i am older my parents are starting to let me watch and read more censored things.
lastly, it is a great communication strategy.
during winters he grows peas, a farmer lives a simple life.
this story makes me think about why they should put books on a different shelf or higher up.
over the years it has become harder to censor magazines.
our youth today is very influenced by the music we listen to the books we read and the television we watch.
this memoirs mood is fairly consistent throughout the whole piece.
so she motivates her self at the end of the story to try again.
i strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers.
however, the author started to reveal hints that would accept and find come childhood memories there too.
also the terrain was not good.
another reason that no books should be removed is simply because everyone has unique preferences.
so he started off and the two miles later the terrain changed and so did his outlook on this entire journey.
using this technology can help you reconnect with friends and family members.
this crazy computing must end!
taking there hard work off the shelves, because some little thing offends someone, is not fair to them.
you can talk to people from other places.
for example, you have just bought a new house and want to know more about that area.
the computer is very educational.
sports teach is to accept both defeat and victory in the same spirit.
for me i am i want to learn more about my own culture no matter of how bad it is.
the plant must survive the winter and come back in the spring.
she provides us milk and bullocks for the agriculture work.
out of people use the computer every single day and out of people be up there chatting with young little girls and boys.
so while everyone is fit you eventually will be fat.
censorship can have good and bad qualities.
if you like to play video games.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy and grateful.
i think that music, just like movies, should not be able to be censored, because they are already rated accordingly.
both me and think that this is affecting people in many different ways.
he has trouble finding a place to get water.
our bodies need to stay healthy and fit.
maybe someone bought same they and it did not work you could see the comments and review.
open distribution of newspaper articles and things containing disturbing images ought to be censored.
plus, think of all the information you can learn.
to be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you.
the ability to learn about foreign countries is a big part in learning as a student.
who would decide what is offensive and not offensive?
as a kid myself, i love to be on the computer.
in our country we are allowed to express our opinion by the .
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
do you like encouragement?
the author concludes the story with the last paragraph.
books are what have taught all of us.
no matter if books are real or fake they create stories that interest people.
this world belongs to me as equally as it belongs to you; so my decisions will affect you as much as they affect me.
one way he shows he is grateful is by telling the readers how his parents sacrificed themselves to give him a better life.
in conclusion, the author included the quote to show how she is encouraged by memories of her homeland.
secondly, the internet can be used as a widespread communication tool.
there are so many materials in the world that are found to be offensive.
also, you can look up information on any place or any project and it will help you.
all kinds of people buy things that they like.
you can keep up with family members and old friends.
the final reason is parents can limit what their own children read.
we need to do something now!
today many people are able to learn about that due to computers.
for example, said, i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and the diary.
do people have the right to limit freedom?
as a teenager i let those words pass by me.
in conclusion, this is how the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
who is to label a book offensive?
people learn through playing new things and why not play with your favorite characters.
it seems as if the world is becoming filled with a bunch of people who care way to much about what other people are doing.
others think that they should be left up there for the people who want to read them to do so.
there are tons of great books or movies that could be found offensive and to take them off the shelf would make them less known.
plus it can improve the way people feel about them books.
dear , people are using too much their time on the computer.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she says then i will take that test again she believes in the flowers.
you can even simply use it to help with homework essays.
if you need to learn your multiplication table, you type it in and it will show up in the matter of seconds.
parents do not want their child going to the library and picking up rude materials.
so go and limit the time you on computer.
they keep the students reading and growing.
also it shows how the hibiscus she just planted is already important to her.
my father and his father has all of their records in a safe.
to the past computers have caused problems with the human body.
an ideal teacher himself practices whatever he preaches to his students.
they are the one how allow us to read it, watch it, listen to it, or even play it.
lastly, there are always animals that need help.
it comes down to who the movie is for and what content you think is appropriate for their age.
people argue that certain media should be removed from libraries because they find it offensive.
this one problem ran also affect you so many other ways.
researcher say out of people say getting online the best way because you can see when the take off, when the next also when to come back home.
or possibly you could be talking to some of your really close friends who live just across town.
furthermore the author of the memoir expressed this by saying that his family turned this simple house into a home.
censoring books for children does not mean removal of said book though.
if there are materials that adults do not want their children to see, they not be comfortable having their child there.
this can lead to death.
censorship in general is wrong.
in this story the setting affects the characters dramatically.
even if a certain material is offensive it should not be removed.
so instead buying newspapers or magazines most people go online to research current events.
depending on the person, some books be offensive to some, but not all.
with internet, you can do things like play games, research information, and even talk to friends and family, all through a computer.
i would not want the book to be removed because that book could be a good learning experience for others.
it was very quiet.
the plants are losing there leaves.
offending other people can lead to personal problems.
slavery is an offensive thing to colored people cause the colored people get called names that i will not say in this essay.
these criminals prey on kids.
second, computers have a negative effect on people because they deteriorate interaction with family.
being that it was dry and hot made his ride hard.
they even lose their kid or the house that they live in because someone wanted to act all big and bad to be popular in school.
you can just use and you type your essay.
and when talking to someone over a screen, its so hard to know if your actually close friends.
so next time anything else just think the other options.
there were many features of the setting that had affected the cyclist.
it would be hard to teach about these horrible events without offending people.
when the author writes tumbleweeds crossed my path it shows that he is most likely in the middle of nowhere.
books containing obscure acts are no different from television or magazines.
people are entitled to their own opinion on what is appropriate level material for themselves.
people should be aware of their world in which they live.
these children act in ways that reflect what they have seen.
in following essay, i will explain thoroughly my reasons for an opinion as such. '
one life skill you can learn is how to type.
i hate arrogance also.
the world would be forced to be silent.
we look different and see things different.
censorship is the most foul and terrifying part of society.
this is do to spending too much time sitting down in front of computers.
his physical effect was making him feel hopeless as well.
maybe the parent should even just come in and get the book or movie for the child.
my cousin is in college right now and i always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing.
therefore we get fresh
some people would say that people spend too much time on computers.
i disagree with those who believe the item should be remove.
in the class, very few student were attentive.
when the cyclist did approach a town, it was abandoned.
in conclusion, books should not be banned because, it limits our individuality, we have the freedom of press, and because it destroys our future.
as a student, i think that computers have greatly improved schools in many ways, but mostly in those above.
the technology takes very important time away from children and adults.
wow imagine living without a computer!
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
after driving through the forest for half an hour, my brother suddenly stopped the jeep.
no we should show them, we need to educate people that there are indeed different ways of viewing life.
each person has different morals so who is to say what should and should not be in a library?
then you should have to be at least years of age to check it out.
she lived in a close community were helping hand was always there if needed.
first, i think the weather conditions affect him.
people who stay to close to there technology will be addicted to it and they will start to kill brain cells.
i go on the computer to to my friends and check email and stuff and then i go outside to play.
the cyclist also gets doubts when he sees the road signs reminding him how slow he is going.
there are eight planets in our solar system.
censorship is the same thing that did to prevent people to think for themselves and discover that his tactics were a great evil to society.
the books and things in the libraries need to be changed and not be so bad.
he starts out riding on flat ground but then is riding on hills and not so flat terrain.
they cost a lot of money cause people to stop exercising and become unhealthy, and teach children that things come easy in life.
books that are especially vulgar should definitely be banned.
books should be removed only if they are found a certain degree of offensive.
dear local newspaper, i believe that there is nothing wrong with being on the computer.
even if its war movies its telling what these men have gone through and they fought and lost there friends.
the time that you could be spending on homework or even working on a job, your wasting it.
thank you, editor, for considering my side on the positive effects computers have on the world.
she is also really sad, she is making a commitment to get a fresh start on life, just like how the world does every spring.
that is why it is wrong for someone to make decisions on what to watch or read for someone else.
when the cyclist arrived at the first town, he described it as a ghost town.
try to direct them over to their age level area, and try to find them a book, movie, etc they be interested in.
rapid industrialization, urbanization and population growth have contributed to the loss of trees.
everyone should get a large variety
censorship should be more for the media children and young teens pay attention to.
so many essential resources are on computers.
reading foul language would not be any more offensive than if someone was to use the same foul language in front of you in real life.
do you believe everyone should have their on beliefs?
he also showed me the rich dresses and ornaments of kings and queens.
never again will work be so difficult.
history is around to be studied, even if the topics might be offensive to some people.
i love computers but, i as a teen know about managing your time on the computer.
lastly, computers let you shop online and lead to a better shopping experience.
we should have an understanding of the bad things in life.
the author ended the story with this paragraph because it shows change.
the concluding paragraph explains her next goal.
he cares less for his books and more for his clothes and hairstyle.
well, you you could simple a computer helps people different things.
other people might want to read or watch the material that some people get offended by.
the first time you get on the computer you will be addicted to right away.
now what side are you at?
when he begins to run out of water, the terrain becomes bumpier and harder.
many teenagers do this.
i think that there are things we can do if we do not want to read that particular book.
parents are advice and to be acknowledge what their kids are seeing.
there are three reasons why they should have censorship.
it can be a novel, .
i think this because yes, people do play the computer to much, but they can also learn a lot of things.
computers hold knowledge on almost everything imaginable, but best of all, its right your fingertips.
which is why i believe that it should be removed from the store, or at least the shelves.
to reiterate, the mind of human is a unique one, that identifies with no other.
it gives audience to our thoughts and we are linked with the super intellect.
it is something to do when you are sitting at home and also when you are in the classroom.
people like using the computer because it is very useful when you need it most.
if this was to take place our civilization would experience a lessening intellect and a expanding ignorance regarding many fields of knowledge.
people would start to cut down on the amount of time they spend on their computers and start to live.
this could be a curfew, fake elections, or censorship.
the content children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent.
computers have even made our society.
when my mom saw the show, she immediately banned me from watching it because of its explicit content.
from my experience i have seen people complain about these things.
i believe that they should be taking off the shelves, and you have to be or older to buy them in many reason.
will authors remove their books from libraries?
especially because he no water, then having to go up and down hills really wears the cyclist out and causing him to lead into dehydration faster.
this not only helps physically, but it helps mentally too.
i probably enjoyed that book more than i have any other book that i have ever read in my entire life.
but like i said, everyone has their own opinions.
this quote is comforting and adds to the homey mood.
a teacher gets up early in the morning.
lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves.
it is important that only people are allowed to see material that is appropriate for them
he goes from door to door to distribute the letter and money-orders.
one strong example of this is how he expresses his parents.
is this fair?
they have to exist with the affected the cyclist.
i think that there should be an age policy for libraries.
the children are talking to their friends online or are going on social networking sites instead of talking in person to their family members.
due to the advance in computers many people do not go outside as much anymore.
i believe that each individual person is entitled to an opinion.
there are plenty of other places that are worse.
last, but not least would be .
without the computer how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world?
the world might not be ready for change, but it needs it.
i believe that advances in technology have had a negative affect on people.
you can converse with friends that have moved across the state, country, or even world.
just like from the picture of the hibiscus flower next to the highway.
kids would learn about sex and drugs in school, and have a safe environment to answer their questions if they have any.
or overcoming obstacles.
in the past their have been more negative effects on people.
no waiting involved!
imagine you life being ended because of addiction on computers.
it is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place.
you gain, typing skills, hand eye coordination and mouse skills.
if it offends them then they should not read the book, and choose another book.
when the sun sets the darkness follows.
staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is not healthy.
we cannot take away our aspiration to learn more about the world.
but her more mentally then physically.
magazines also offer a source of learning.
short rolling hills are harder on a bikers body than flat terrain.
if every book that was found offensive was taken of a shelf we would soon have no books left.
also the feel of his home reflected on the mood.
in libraries, there are search engines to help people find information in a particular location.
finally, computers can be very dangerous.
but would you ever think that it would be taken off of shelves because of one word that was used in it?
most of those people would, and get angry when their work is edited.
this is simply a result of bad censorship.
i went in her room and turned off and questioned her where she got the from.
check the computer!
when we are in trouble, books stand by us and give us the right advice.
therefore, it would only make sense for someone to stop reading a book if they find it offensive.
this will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive around people.
but computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them.
so yes take them away.
she missed being home so much because nothing was the same.
i remember one time that there were books and magazines at my school that were being taken off shelves for this exact same reason.
different genres of characteristics include; being bigger or smaller, taller or shorter, having brown, blonde or red hair.
dear newspaper staff, is i to i am in the grade.
being an citizen you have the right to write down whatever you want to write down.
these books have been taken out of many libraries for their use of witchcraft.
a child was left inside the house.
she finds new hope after buying the plant, and is newly determined to pass the test that she writes about.
libraries should be able to have a variety of different books.
making sure children cannot reach these materials is a concern.
if it is educational, it be useful to some people.
also the conclusion paragraph shows comfort at a time of disappointment.
and with that, i conclude this letter by letting you know that computers are great for people!
everyone has their own views, which is why people should learn to respect the views of different books no matter how offensive the material be to them
do we want our society to be badly influenced by a bunch of profanity, violent slogans, or jargon?
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and happy.
there were also no people around to help him or give him water.
citizens need to learn to realize not everything is terrible.
no history will be know but what is passed down.
i know when i read this line i realized all that my parents have done for me.
he became lost and ran out of water making his situation worse.
i agree and disagree with the prompt.
there are a few rows of flowerbeds in the flower garden.
, i can tell you reason why.
for one reason, if we forget about such things, than they are more likely to be repeated.
computers allow people to compress hours of work into a matter of minutes.
we also use the computers for the programs they have.
as time went on he soon became close out of water and a loss of energy.
i believe if there is something offensive in a movie, magazine, books, or anything to any kind of people it should be removed for good.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
now your not working out and you just keep eating.
you can also talk to different people who like you.
hacking was become a world wide sport.
they are good because you can learn things educational.
i always hate when i try to get something when you find out you have to be or older or have an adult with you.
the paragraph shows how she wants to adapt to the new country.
there were some policemen who were maintaining law and order in the fair.
sports are something that everyone loves to participate in and something that everyone likes.
so if he were to get hurt or sick no one would have been able to help him.
school libraries are a whole different idea.
he was out of water but he continued riding to reach his goal.
this made me smile it was so beautiful.
the people who make the censorship laws should be pleased that young people actually want to read.
at see this as a main cause for growing lack exercise and increase in time on home computers.
he also continues to say to himself he should not have took that route.
also you see the words that you are typing and you press with you hands.
computers make our lives easier.
or go to a store that sells books and is a little more censored.
lastly, computers are a great source for researching.
yes, they are.
for example, helps you with essays and reports.
computers are good.
in conclusion computers are an easier way to get information.
people sit on there butt all day.
now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day.
the last example would be, in all of the last paragraph.
just sitting there on the computer will get you.
more people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone.
first the rolling hills make it hard to pedal over the land.
even in school systems, librarians are there to guide kids to read good books.
my mom always tells me the best part of your childhood is making memories with the people you love.
thank you for taking the time to read essay and i hope you can see things way.
but for other, less useful sites are being used to interact.
its plain to see they are already spending too much of their time online.
start up your computer and get talking.
it is just a life story.
in conclusion, sections in a library can be used instead of censorship.
computers are great writing tools.
because you wake up looking at you everyday and love you everyday and take care of you everyday.
i think people should spend more time living and less time with their faces glued to a computer screen!
personally, i am an advocate of not saying curse words.
many people been buying them at or .
i grew up listening to several different types of music.
will never forget the house because it is where learned the real definition of family.
those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision.
i am a science student but unlike my other classmates, i have opted for elective english.
the geese being familiar to her symbolizes that she is adjusting to her new lifestyle.
why go out to dinner when you can order it online?
the town took them away.
people will be doing much better things, such as exercising or spending more time with family and friends.
in this book, , the main character and eventually the protagonist, a firefighter that cause fires instead of putting them out.
in the memoir from home: the blueprints of our lives there is a thankful and gracious mood.
they are getting to checkout books, movies, and music for free unless it becomes over due.
but, if your newspaper were written out by hand, then that would take a lot of time, people, paper, & money.
typing helps kids learn the alphabet, learn what the letters look like and shows them where the keys are.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
more and more kids are falling into those traps.
all you have to do is manage your time.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
this is much easier than calling the person.
he was exhausted.
for example he had no water so he was parched.
take my story for example.
why would you look at something that offends you?
many people throughout the world have different tastes of what they like in a book.
so should we keep using computers for the good of our society, or not use computers to exercise more?
this shows that seeing the broken down juice factory gave him no hope and he tells his self that he will die.
if something is forgotten, it is as if nothing happened.
as a person, i am well associated with my mind, and it desires the freedom of choice.
overall, our society would benefit greatly if libraries removed derogatory and offensive music.
when something goes against too many of those things, people get upset.
there is one goal-keeper, two fullbacks, three half backs and five forwards.
this illustrates her sorrow and inability to let go of her past.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that some people have been concerned about using computers too much.
however, thank you for reading.
there should,however, be age limits on what some are allowed to get parent permission or .
look at what our world has become.
i will not waste money in buying cakes and arranging big parties to celebrate my birthday.
many books offend people because they are not in agreement with their morals or beliefs.
the ground becomes slippery.
they help get new .
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
computers have good things but they can also be bad.
he was extremely proud of his culture and thankful for the example his family had set.
the heat, lack of water and constant up hill riding can take a lot of energy out of someone and make it extremely hard to ride.
people steal so they can buy extra technology.
also on parents complain about whats on , well there is a channel button and you can change the channel.
also, computers let you learn a lot about history.
you actually have to get out and talk to people face to face.
everybody needs friends that are there for them, and computers are the perfect conclusion for that!
the first, and most blatant, reason for not allowing the censorship of materials in libraries is the unconstitutionality of the matter.
computers are great for people of all ages.
i hope by now you feel the same
we all wore nice party dresses.
oxygen is key to life.
if the sources were censored in such a way, it would be hard to get information.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
are some of them.
if a person was offended by a book they could take it off the shelve at his or her own will?
along with all that though it gives love an copy.
another reason computers are bad is because of health issues.
dear local newspaper, i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world.
the plants in the green house along with the disappointment of failing her driving test bring her to the emotional state that she was in.
you simply send your message, then do whatever you want while you wait for a reply.
that is no fair crop in my right mind.
also, it had a rough terrain that made him doubt that he would ever get water.
the features of the setting greatly effected the cyclist.
this way, you have more time to get extra from teachers on instrument in the school band.
second of all, is that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
the spring reminds her of her old life because the flowers in the garden are blooming, the geese return, and the snow has melted.
those who are interested in those topics still deserve to be able to choose those books.
something that they want to express by telling raping.
people should be outside jogging or working out and enjoying nature.
while she was planting it she seen geese and she was reminded of home.
in conclusion, everything in our life offends us in some way.
a few reason explain why the censorship is alright as it is.
there are so many possibilities in exercising people do not use their computer as much.
movies are a large portion of this problem but, they are there do to entertainment reasons.
the first reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because they help students as well as many other people study.
also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in.
it should not.
they have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games.
computers are a great way to get in touch with people.
the mood the author sets is very loving.
i feel that books should stay on the shelf however.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy and grateful.
lets us talk to our friends after school and plan what we are going to do that night.
also, many thing require a computer.
websites that are selling stolen merchandise.
that small sense of security those in that community have in those books will be taken away.
now head on over to your library and pick up a book about something you would like to no more about.
for my second opinion that people should not get off of computers because it they ever leave somewhere far they are not to be able to contact you.
books and other media should not be removed from library shelves because what some people find offensive does not offend other people.
it builds the tone and mood of the story or character.
so computers lets us do anything and everything.
that book could be one of the best books the child or adult has every read in their life.
furthermore, not only was the land add pressure to the cyclist.
another aspect that can affect cyclists is the heat.
staying in touch with family and friends, having a good education, and finding answers within a click is the easiest way to go!
you should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer.
it is required at almost every job application and at school and every thing in between.
people might come in the library looking for a book that they want.
these are well furnished.
even i talk online all the time.
this features of the setting causes further disappointment to the cyclist and installs more doubt into his mind.
i believe people have different views about things.
those are fun and great way to interact with your family.
in all, of people agree with my idea about computers.
music is a whole story its self.
which of course never knew about all that.
the airplane took off into the air.
other than just sitting around on your new computer and having your brain being wrecked out by it.
the romance books usually have girls on there half clothed and the guys in basically nothing.
the snake and rolling hills slow him down, and make him use more energy.
and why would computers stop people from doing that.
in conclusion, i believe that literature should not be censored from the people.
if she is tempted by something from home, she will not take it because it will make her sad.
the purpose of a library is to provide the people who go to the library a resource.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it has meaning.
not only does it save time and connect you to other people but it can help you physically.
these materials often fall victim to censorship and are challenged daily to be banned, especially books.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph of, winter hibiscus, because it takes us back to things that happened in the story.
that way, if there are complaints of the item, the library would not be blamed.
should be taken off the shelf because.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
your computer is making you stupid.
it provides an excellent exercise to all parts of the body.
i just think that certain books, music, and magazines should be kept in a different place instead of out in the open where everyone can see them.
will people go out side more or will they sit and type?
it is something that we all should think about and voice our opinions about.
most of these books are not trying too promote these things but they are just part of the story.
for example, paintings of nude men and women are looked at as wrong and disturbing by some and are also seen as masterpieces by others.
in the story it said drop from heatstroke.
he was saving up his energy and his water.
this way she found a fun place and left the country for week.
so the author is saying try if you fail and set goals to never give up.
when you hear music that is offensive to you, you must be smart enough to not listen to it.
so take a part & contact your local newspaper today.
therefore, materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should never be removed from public places.
for example when the author says their were no cars nor buildings in sight that adds to the affect that he is really out in the middle of nowhere.
the cyclist uses all of his energy to get to unknown towns of no importance, and with no water.
those things make her feel welcome and feeling that way will help her with her test.
their government wanted a world of peace and a community where every man was equal and diversity was no longer existent.
today in society there are many things people have different views on.
some pieces of work are just too offensive, and they need to be taken off the shelves.
their are good and bad books, but that all depends on the opinion of the reader.
this shows how nice and how well the neighborhood got along.
one important thing that i have that means so much to me & my is the that my gave to us right before he passed away.
people use computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places.
all new ways to communicate with people.
family planning should be adopted to control the birth of children.
computers are not a very good electronic if kids are not getting their homework done because of .
in libraries, there are of course books.
i know plenty of people who type their feeling because they would never dare say them a loud.
i hope you agree on my topic.
go ahead get the explicit version of that rap song or sometimes it might already be bad enough.
thanks for reading this and taking i say information.
please , turn off the computer.
the seating arrangement was good.
studies show that playing a high action game hrs a day will improve eyesight more than eating serving carrots a day.
the journey to shimla was very pleasant.
also, think of the handwriting factor.
in elementary school, my friend had moved away to .
you lose a lot of friendships like this.
it caused him to sweat and almost die of dehydration.
they keep at the taps half-open.
many features of the setting affected the cyclist in rough road ahead.
he keeps up his determination we he sees the factory yet he moves on.
this quote shows that is thankful for a nice place to call his home.
the paragraph helps bring a sense of closure to the story.
- and physically by becoming dehydrated.
same thing with movies and magazines.
in the we have the technology of a computer.
i have two things to say about it.
we are miles away from our friends and relatives.
third, some people go to the library for peace and quiet, and the library is there only place.
they left behind everything and everyone they loved, basically a huge chunk of them, and for that, he is extremely grateful.
some people enjoy these strong materials and should be able to find them in their libraries for their pleasure.
i believe every author has his or her right to express ones self and to be accepted for that.
communication, learning, and even shopping have become much simpler.
one last example was that he was lost.
he gets up early and goes to his field he ploughs and
i think that none of the books should be removed from the shelves of a libraries.
censorship takes away the one thing a writer has, there freedom of speech.
what be offensive to one person not be to another.
are good and bad no longer matters of opinion for the readers themselves?
it makes you feel like you were there and that you wish your family could be like that.
i think the libraries should be broken onto sections.
there is no point in removing any material from libraries because you would accomplish nothing.
now, no one should be doubting the benefits of a computer.
do you want to spend on unhealthy contraptions?
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist in this story.
most of the housewives observe it and they don’t like to kill rats.
there be some people that would like to know more about one of those things for a project at school or a problem in their personal lives.
there is nothing but nude women in there.
he had two tickets for the movie i wished to see.
i do not make fun of books because i know whatever someone writes down, in their eyes, is the truth.
many features of the setting affected him.
i can go onto webcam to see who i am talking to or i can go onto another website to get an instant message.
reading that book should let you see how that child grew up.
would you want to live in a world like that?
personally books are made for a reason, whether some people like it or not.
it can warn man of a possible storm.
so i hope you will listen and also agree with me i think i made my point about how much you should use computers.
when he gets the dark in the road with the risky pipe of water he begins to switch into conservation made and begins to get is scared.
as a teenager i am trying to grow and find my way in life and find ways to express myself.
another great thing about the new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people from all over the world.
my cousin and i were both given the same research paper to do.
the mood in the passage is .
i think the worst is liking people sign about killing people and raping kids and all this and that.
censorship not only effects the learner, effects the writer.
it cuts family interaction by destroying family relationships and bonds, not to mention communication.
they all brought gifts for me.
this quote shows how even though its not an object of beauty, it can do what it takes to survive.
the mood created by the in the memoir was happy.
he bears a good character.
but we do still see them on our shelves.
she was very against getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students.
without exercise, one become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles.
so they both have to weather the winter months they are not used to.
that mother also might not be able to get out and go shopping.
a showed that seven out of ten people prefer video chat its faster and the two people can see each other.
everyone is into different materials, books and stuff.
also telling people what you are doing every moments of your day everyday is kind of unreal.
he says, the old guys had sworn the next town only eighteen miles down the road.
that is why i think the people is wrong saying the or is not.
the internet also gives you the advantage to shop online.
we argued for about five minutes and finally the magazine was off the shelves.
it in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs.
in several ways one feature would be the sun beginning to heat down, as that made the cyclist hot and thirsty.
finding new species, is something you need to explore nature for: animals, fish, plants, there are many out there waiting to be discovered.
computers are no help to this problem.
but they can go online and take classes on their free time.
the loving and respectful mood created by the author makes me think of my family.
there are not any kind of books that could be deemed offensive in any way to people these days.
i try to complete my work, then go to the computer before dance.
i went on the computer and in about a half hour i knew exactly what and how people did to live and survive.
by censoring records of history, opinion, observations, our becomes an illusion.
the cyclist said, over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view.
now go and get a to.
in fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on the computer.
because of this, it would be unfair for materials to be removed from libraries based on solely opinions.
secondly, i think that people have a right to choose what they want to read, listen to, and watch.
that would prevent the accidental discovery by children.
so he was out of water and was going to be thirsty.
if your looking up how to tie a tie or even info about your history report the is a sure easy thing.
my last reason is that computers are the general health of people today.
every body loves taking with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers.
i hope you listened to my opinion on computers and i also hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are.
dear newspaper, i am writing to you because think computers really effect people in a bad way.
now, many college students have the option of taking their lessons online.
this would be hard for a cyclist who is thirsty.
the government has tried to rule out all causes of controversial opinions in hope that it would make for a happier society.
it is all caused by what they see or hear around them.
it can help people drives it decreases reaction time and it can help people write more neatly.
the mood i think the author was trying to make people feel is happiness.
but they are not good enough for people.
many people, instead of going to the will go to the .
it was here where i learned the real definition of family meaning his mood was he felt loved by his family.
libraries are great use for that.
authors know what they are writing.
of people including teachers agree with this.
my first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it can be educational.
too many books and movies are showing that relying on violence is a good thing.
i will elaborate in the following three paragraphs.
i believe that if items were to be removed from the shelves, there would be less for others to enjoy.
there are more circumstances where a library item does not need uncensored details because it is just offensive.
the feet stride out in a joyful rhythm.
in the very beginning of his journey he came across a ghost town.
so that is my view on the situation, people should enjoy whatever material they like.
computers are growing daily.
the teach hand eye coordination and many other things too.
this dry, bare setting made it impossible to find any source of water.
first is the emptiness, the feeling that he is all alone.
they just go with the flow.
lastly, computers give us the ability to play games and browse the internet freely.
it made me feel like even through hard times people can find the good in things.
no one is forcing you to read the material.
half of the time the statues are of a naked person.
the postman collects these letters and sends them to their destination.
computers are also good for if you want to catch up on any news, or just relax and play some games you can.
now, with computers, people can instant message, or email anyone, anywhere in the world.
the biker was negatively affected by this setting because it contributed to his rough times and caused him to lose hope.
where everyone helps everyone and everyone is treated fairly and with respect.
this is a free country, which means you have the right to choose whether to read or pursue something or not.
lastly, computers can just be plain fun!
it shows this in the story when he say, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
there are so many things in this world that contain bad things, which all have something to do with sex.
dear , the age of the computer is upon us.
video games are also popular.
also that he loved his parents dearly and every chance he gets, he thanks them.
it is a nasty part of reality.
everybody around has a unique part about themselves, and that is having a different look on something than someone else might have.
many times the reason that the books or magazines are censored is because they portray strong ideas and theories.
now movies should not be in libraries at all, libraries are supposed to be a place to get something nice to read or listen to.
there will always be offensive songs, books, movies, and magazines.
whatever, you undertake to do, put in effort and do it to the best of your ability”
the author concludes this story because it shows her determination.
all of these things can help you in a way
while your fingers know what to do.
just because one person does not like something does not mean that everybody else cannot either.
what makes a book unacceptable to read?
people all over the world by laptops to travel to one place to another.
distracting games are a waste of time and cause stress.
getting rid of the material is not what should be done.
when websites like these are the focus on computer time, it is much more productive.
plus you are not being forced to something you ' want to.
offensive material to one person might be what another person wants or needs to read, whether for recreation or class.
for example, my neighbor, , comes home after school by herself.
we go on computers for research, writing papers, or just for pure entertainment, in all these ways computers are very helpful.
the internet is like a big book.
this is because they use language, pictures, music, and video.
people use my husk for making
i believe the author chooses to end the story wit this paragraph because it symbolizes closure.
children are the future and they need to be taught the right way.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist a lot.
being stubborn is the opposite of seeking to understand.
shelves that contain inappropriate books, magazines, and music will only make their number of customers drop.
within moments of the accidents, it was already circling the internet.
first, we need to take into consideration that every person is different, and therefore prefers different types of materials provided by a library.
this is a very hot time of the year in such a desert location.
that is my solution.
the train arrived.
lastly, i think that computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment, and a to relax.
literature is an escape for many people, it is their way of experiencing the world and to live through the main character of whatever they are reading.
having one person read this could be a problem, now imagine having more than just one, a whole clique seeing this.
for starters, computers are harmful because they are very bad for our eyes.
this is where an adult comes in and supervises the child.
for example, a study at showed that families with more computers in their houses communicated less.
with any of these materials, it should all be available to you in a library.
saying no to censorship.
some banned books parents will look at and say, ' would this be banned?
computers allowed more jobs to be made and replaced.
the computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and you bored play some games little games on the computer.
the mood definitely helps you feel and comprehend the story better.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, it will take him longer to reach his destination.
if you have a job for working with computers or fixing computers, then you would spend a lot of time on your computer.
in regards to this, readers across the globe should keep in mind why the author might target them, and avoid conflict by avoiding the material.
lastly, if children become addicted, they could do poorly in school for refusing to do homework.
but instead is composed of those whom you love and who love you.
we can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for something so specific.
the flower hibiscus, gave her motivation.
i traveled by train with my mother.
introduction – planning- gardening – house improvement – reading – conclusion.
i do, however, agree with some censorship.
so grateful appears to be a keyword.
people tell me what they believe to be right, and i do not agree with them.
to acquire these books you must have a parents permission or be years of age.
the hibiscus and other familiar flowers she found comforted her, because they reminded her of home.
a benefit is bicycles are much lighter and allow roads to last much longer than with heavy vehicle traffic.
that is why i think the memoir gives off loving and caring mood to the readers.
people just need to find a way to it out.
this was a huge achievement for the .
he was always happy to be around family and friends.
the final reason why we use computers is education.
ironical conditions for miles on end, just to find some water.
if kids parents complain then at lest you can say that its all in one room and no kids aloud.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by it being so hot outside that he could have had passed out and died.
people have many reasons for owning a computer and one is friends.
in addition, parents have the responsibility to watch over their children.
what do you do?
the author of winter hibiscus ends this story with that closing paragraph because it wraps up all the themes.
i am all for this.
this helps a great deal.
so i asked her if i could go tot the public library to get the book and she said that it had been removed from its shelves as well.
says that using a computer helped you type.
however, none or which help these people get or stay healthy and in shape.
the library is open to any and or everybody.
personally, my parents would be horrified to see grotesque, inappropriate movies set out in broad daylight where everyone can look at them.
its all a matter of opinion.
in my opinion, computers benefit society.
i know as a young child when things were not going so well i could always turn to reading to get my mind off of the bad things.
people find ways to make themselves promises & to remind them of their old home.
it makes the reader feel admiration towards his parents and the author is trying to create a sense of appreciation and gratitude towards his parents.
computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned.
as the author describes his life growing up at home as a child, he seemed to have a pleasant life.
but i know that i was traumatized.
how do we keep these sorts of material away from them?
for example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use.
while growing up.
i would strongly advise you consider my proposal, because it has the potential to prevent future confrontations between authors and the public.
your family is much more important than a silly computer game.
his mood starts to change very quickly.
i think that we as a good country should make sections into what people can read and cant read, and it should depend how old is the person.
this paragraph is placed at the conclusion of the story because it reflects the theme of change and adaption throughout the story, but mostly reflection.
the libraries are public and they are shared.
with the help of the internet, i can do.
give them what they want.
so practically shes stating once everything come back to life then shell feel like she will pass it next time.
either due to there religion or even if they do not like the words used.
then i had to search throughout the store looking for my dad so that he could walk back to the cashier to buy the game for me.
my school has a very big library.
censorship be needed but the offensive materials do not need to be taken off the face of the earth or thrown where no one could ever read it again.
everyday millions of people are on the computer for hours straight.
computers are more practical than books.
what if that was all the person read?
if you still read the book it could help you change your mind on the topic.
there are educational games on the computer that kids play and without knowing this they are learning and studying for school.
i know computer is a lot of money but sometime good to have it.
the terrain kept changing making it hard for him not to be thirsty.
students, parents and everyone in between will find troubles later on because of this.
in the memoir the author creates a happy mood.
also, the water he was drinking was streaming and tasted like battery acid.
the magazine , for example, has articles that are to bawdy for students to read.
you would know what its like to be in war.
society, at least in my native and surely abroad in other democratic countries, dislikes enforced censorship for a few reasons.
might takes some month to learn, but once a child knows , they will be outside for hours.
lastly, you can talk and video chat.
as for grassy, flowery land its more of a sense rout, and makes you want to keep going and see many things.
woman have the same rights as do.
an for friends this is a good way because if they move you can talk to them on this.
that use could be for a design on the front of a cover page for an essay or project.
but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
certain books should be removed from, the library because of the materials an the stuff they show to younger children.
this is an important concluding message, because it shows that the author will overcome obstacles in her future.
finally, the internet helps people connect.
what is the best way to learn now things easily?
the books and magazines can give people some ideas of what they say or do and they can believe anything of what they say.
information can be found in any subject.
he was excited to know that he knows where hes heading too.
it teaches you bad thing it changes your life.
she yelled us and said, 'i would have thought your parents raised you better than that.'
was happy that his parents that his parents left everything for him to have a better life.
children everywhere are being influenced by books, magazines, movies, and even songs.
there is always going to be the issue of finding offensive material, but nobody should have the right to ban it from everyone.
they want all the guys to stair.
will a parent let a year old read a smut novel?
and you can send pictures or videos to people in order to keep in touch.
he had to conserve his water and chew on pebbles to get any spit to collect in his mouth.
i hope that after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society.
it is my favorite toy.
going to the library is such a better solution.
i agree with the newspaper, people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercising.
censorship is a great hindrance to knowing what is occurring and what has occurred in the world.
this is unacceptable because students must learn proper grammar and spelling.
obviously, nothing is overwhelming.
about of viruses can cause a computer to shut down and it is hard to reboot it.
in conclusion, the cyclist had to battle many features on his way to the national park.
for one the has the most obese children in the world.
another reason why libraries should pull off offensive media is because adults can pick up different offensive habits as well.
the slim margin of people who dislike what those people enjoy can just avoid reading, watching, or listening to it.
finally, with much strength and determination, he reaches a fish a fish camp.
people are just weird in this day in age i guess.
students use it to show what work they have to do when the teachers not there.
the only way to cook would be with fire.
young adults need creativity and books are there to shine a light on their eager minds.
but you have very handwriting and you cant do it on paper you will have to use word or a writing program on computer.
when the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there.
video chatting, , and using social sites are very good ways to interact with people.
this is why the author concludes the paragraph in that way.
to make things better, she bought a hibiscus that reminded her of her old home.
first, i think some of the music they play and listen to can be a little graphic.
if something is making the people of our lands more riotous than it should immediately be censored or removed from society in general.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
several reasons, first, in spring she will have had more time to adjust to her new life.
if there are uncensored items not getting a point across then they have no business being in the library.
we rely on such things to get us through the day and teach us things we were never taught.
you might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you.
would be much more difficult.
he makes his lessons interesting.
in my point of view, i strongly agree that there is no right to argue about what should or should not be removed in the libraries.
what if you need to rent a car but you cant go over to the store or airport.
what if you live far away from the nearest library?
movies are almost just as harmless, limits are needed, but overall?
his parents always allowed family members to come and stay.
my father went to drop them back home.
in which the kitchen is the heart of the home.
its not fair for the ones like me to not be able to read, listen, or watch what we want to.
the author also shows his gratefulness again at the end of the passage.
as an illustration, one time one the news i heard a story about a girl who was tensed on the internet.
the reasons are to teach hand eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online.
computers allow us to see people all around the world an learn about them.
that percentage is expected to grow to in the next years.
two, computers allow people talk online.
this lack of exercise can lead to obesity.
it relax you.
the author of this memoir put a mood to it.
movies today are all about special effects, love, sex, alcohol, parties, fighting, and the list could go on and on.
so use the time on the computer better.
so that why computers help out so much in this lifetime.
so people that are on have a reason for why they are on the computer.
the last reason is the snake that slowed him down.
further sites like , or where you have you own page post your own opinions.
second, it would take a lot away from history.
starting their lives over again, and taking any job they could find.
this book has many issues when it comes to political correctness.
he even came across a snake.
the more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors.
if people are prevented from reading what they want, then many will not read, period.
all people of have certain rights allowing them to express themselves and to be free.
you never know who might need the information.
when it comes to libraries, it is even harder to have different books for all the different opinions that will not offend people with other opinions.
further more, people are spending too much time on computers and not enough beauty of nature.
but, eventually, with right leadership, it would help make a more truthful environment.
a hobby is a favorable activity one pursues in one’s spare time for pleasure and recreation.
i believe that in a few years from now more and more people will do business with computers and more stores will sell online only.
games, games are fun when you get bored or do not have nothing to do.
do you really want that happening to everyone?
do not force your thoughts on some one else
children follow in their parents' footsteps.
this would not help.
this farm of online communication was perfectly safe.
boat ride into the night and it was gone.
books can be a way to learned new things about someone.
there are things like books that talk about sex.
so do yourself a favor get off the computer, and go visit some really great people.
so you sign into , and talk with your best friend.
studies show that one fourth of online users have had an encounter with a dangerous person.
from my own experience i know how easily one can be offended by a book or movie.
also shows things about your personal info.
this is what i think should happen if they have books that they think is too offensive to people.
computers, televisions, and radios have made life more pleasant.
it is so the kids can expand there imagination as well.
but first, was the heat which took a lot out of his body while trying to keep it cool.
maybe what you can do is let them use the computer but they can use it outside only if its a laptop.
if it only offends a few people, then i think the answer should be no.
the answer is that they can'.
as the cyclist continued on a setting of a bait store came and the cyclist felt relief because now she could get water.
this shows that it is hot because he is sweating.
i think this for three reasons.
the setting was in deserted areas, the desert, and even roadways.
you can learn about nature, cool websites even history.
my third reason is finding out things.
children can play with there friends all around the world now without leaving there bedroom.
instead of reading on the computer, read a novel, you can ask your parents to drive you to the library.
authors, editors, photographers, and publishers all go through a lot of hard work and long hours to put these books on the shelves.
is this you want for your self and generations to come?
internet sites, like extremely useful.
whats more is that they can be in the bedroom or room.
another place is the .
(par ) this gives the memoir an inviting mood, the author always had friends and neighbors over for dinner.
if you had to write an essay on censorship in libraries, how would you come about this.
music if it has an sticker you have to be over to rent it.
the physical effects of the cyclist because of the settings all apparent throughout the story.
awarded by the president .
using computers, people can gather data from others and create new inventions to help the world.
i vehemently believe that everyone should own this device.
well his mission was accomplished.
the last reason that supports my opinion is that computers make our school lives faster and much simpler to deal with.
he also misbehaves in school constantly.
what would be the reason behind it?
in every book there is some form of material that people not be a fan of.
the winter and cold represent how she feels out of place and upset at not receiving her drivers license.
not only did his parents love him; they quit their jobs and moved across the world just so they could give their son a better life.
i have grown many kinds of flower plants in it.
also people people have the right to choose what they want.
also, on this short cut he almost runs out of water.
computers can help you get your college degree in a comfortable environment.
the setting was rough.
he should grow into a good citizen, with a great admiration for everything good in life.
parenthesis are used five times in this writing, as well as five words with dashes.
instead of sitting on a computer all day, they can do something a lot more productive such as taking a walk starting a club (adult once children!
we all get affected by the advertisements in the magazines and on radio and television.
she concludes the story saying when the geese come back in the spring, she will take the test again.
why not just go see your friend of typing all day?
they think that computer can help them but yes to others it helps them to their work and education.
it is the best thing to research with.
then you go to search and put in then all this of him comes out.
it is evident, that computers are effective, and are advancing technology in our society.
the next type .
that is the mood created by the author in this memoir.
first of all, i think computers are good because news travels quickly.
does it just end here and now?
all you have to do is put what you want to sell online or look online what you want to buy.
he is a very nice man.
you can even play poker on your computer.
they must learn the good from the bad sometime.
some people have different opinions of the book or it means something different to them.
the setting can sometimes even cause you to lose hope and give up.
there will still be unhappy adults and unhappy parents.
any article, song, or film could be offensive.
using computers is a great way to keep in touch with someone.
we respect the teachers because they make us what we want to become in life.
if you use a computer to get research done than you can be done sooner than you know it.
whatever is put inside those books is allowed to be there no matter what.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you today about how more and more people are using computers.
we could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers.
so go, go, go, have yourself some fun.
as this rather large man walks around the counter towards father steps in the picture.
and because they tend to want to type faster, it will help even more because the finger and eye will have to work in mission to type faster.
“fire”!
whats wrong with giving someone far away a call?
not having enough water can cause someone to dehydrate, which does happen to the cyclist in the essay.
this shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family.
but when in not doing my school work talking to my friends online.
one of our mane problem in the world is child porn.
computers can take you around the world without leaving your room.
i would do it on the computers if i miss it.
it happen to have the answer to his question.
for instance, one of my favorite types of movies to watch is a comedy.
there are children around the age of in there, and younger too.
if you do not want your child to be offended or see vulgar shows, texts, and music, do not let them see it.
if you need to solve a math problem you use a calculated or a computer.
the hope he got from this gave him strength to move on.
for example, a book about slavery could be offensive to a white man, but a black man would consider it to be about his history.
there are many people in the world, who like all different types of books.
dear people, computers have been here for not a very long time and everyday more people buy computers and everyday people use them.
but if there is something that you do not like, just keep going.
the three main moods where grateful, loving, and happy
there are a couple things that affect the cyclist in the story.
however, censorship can go to far.
and yet he was determined to live.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
this includes your family members or relatives etc.
think about how life would be in the without computers.
one reason censorship should not be aloud in libraries is the lack of freedom of .
when a mango fruits is ripe it gives a sweet smell and the juice
lastly, they save us money everyday.
the speaker said that he could have died from heatstroke.
we also passed through the dark tunnels.
people who love animals and like to study animals should go out and get fresh air watch the animals study them.
in the end, i think computers benefit people around the world.
it was talking jokes about black people.
in the story always excepted anything and was kind and always wanted to see his parents smile.
some censorship should be allowed as a matter of fact.
she buys it and takes it home in a pot.
the might not even go near you if you forget about them.
this happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer.
online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone.
this makes reading the assignment easier for the student as well as the teacher.
when he finds no one to help & nothing around him he sucks on a pebble to keep his mouth hydrated.
and they also use the computer to study about a country or a person they are doing a report on.
sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand eye coordination.
this makes it harder for him because he has to do all his work in a scorching summer heat.
is this good or bad?
this way, young children are not going to be looking for their favorite book with a book over something many adults should not even be reading.
i think that the author created a very warming, and the loving tone.
computers give you too much information than a book.
does it hurt to observe or experiment with the bad?
in school use computers all of the time for writing papers and researching different things.
but, some of these have terrible language and scenes not appropriate for children.
you can see nature is some thing children need.
computers give you a chance to get your bills paid and do some shopping for a cheaper price.
dear , i believe computers are a huge benefit to society.
more than of the population computers benefit society and have gotten people all over the world smarter and advanced.
finally, the computer makes you more social.
so a computer is a good invention.
(words not )
they given us ability to learn!
music is especially one to do this.
if you need to make quick plans maybe for a movie with a couple of friends just send them an email or a message on .
the most well behaved, neat and punctual student is awarded a prize at the annual day function.
that day i did not even go to the playground.
i think every library needs to take into consideration of the topics above to help people reduce the issue of people or children finding uncensored books in just any section
sometimes she spends nights and nights without sleeping.
in the library there should be good and fun books, magazines, and movies.
the setting has a large effect on the cyclist because it causes him to be dehydrated, which presents the main conflict of the story.
talk them into becoming racist towards others.
first, is heat.
to them everyone in their neighborhood was their family and they all looked after each other.
my creative gears are forever turning.
they will be worth your wild.
i did not think that that kind of thing would happen at a public library, but it did.
all you do is look up something and you can find it.
for his family and the people him.
if kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it.
some of the books people need to know about.
she hopes when she is happy.
after this he was nearly over powered by devastating hills and dehydration was slowly creeping up on him as well.
computers are electronic devices, all information stored as patterns of electrical pulses.
it is used to show a spirit in the girl.
my and my have both used internet to reunite with old college buddies, or see how far away friends are.
such programming is essential to analyze data or even to guide a spacecraft to the moon as well.
for some people this book they will or have even read this book several times, i know i have.
while some works have offensive language, they also have a deeper meaning.
still, they put all of these things in the same building.
the theme of the story is when life seems hard take a new approach.
i am against any material that are offensive to someone or something else.
a library card is one thing a kid always looked forward to.
this is helpful students could and the world or about a different this remind me of the time i had to a project about the nine planets.
you would be like a couch potato.
for school events, sport schedules, and keeping in touch with far away family and friends.
music is something everyone can relate to.
to start off, computers can help you connect with faraway friends or family members.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
many things we learn from these are not good for our minds and health.
the author express gratefulness by saying his grateful for his culture and the sacrifice his parents did ( ).
the mood of this story is very weird.
these things benefit society and prove the advancement in technology.
the cyclist became dehydrated and was running out of water, the only water he
he performs his duty in the city street, railway platforms, inter-state bus stands and at other places.
these days the computer is the latest hit.
learning new things can only be interesting if you can actually see them.
everyone has their own choice of what kind of stories they are into.
computers take away time to actually use your mind and problem solve in real life solution.
the mood in this story was security and happiness.
she concluded the story like this to show in the future how her life will change and how she would learn to like where she is now.
while you type a report you can also research on your project at the same time.
the library is not just for the children but also for the adults.
this is an example of how stores connect to their customers.
computers have recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or .
dear , , everywhere you look technology is being exercised and it is beneficial to many aspects in our lives .
they are getting obese.
it made me feel like a baby that needed permission to do something.
if ask an adult how ever they are most likely going to say yes.
in the wide open desert, the cyclist was only coming across something after at least twenty miles.
a simple solution is talking online to an actual person who lives in .
people have to understand theses days that kids are growing up way to fast to just leave stuff like that laying around.
he mounted on his faithful horse kanthaka and reached the bank of the river yamuna.
so if people do get mad they can report it or just walk away and ignore it.
dear local newspaper, i think your wrong!!.
feature was the heat.
music i think is different.
her mother forgot and read that book.
why not play a game on your computer.
the kids might get it but the parents could take it away and tell them they cant watch it.
how does this pertain to offensive books?
the mood shown in this quote is that of thankfulness, and even a small bit of frustration that he cannot fully express his gratitude towards his parents.
the mood that the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
they help with school work, provide east communication, and provide safe educational activities, you can see, computers are a great addition to our world.
well on the computer you can!
you can also talk to the library manager and tell them the issue with the offensive it has given you.
it helps the reader make connections because all of our relatives know better how long ago made sacrifices for their family.
the power of man resides in his mind.
know you ask me to write an essay to a newspaper reflecting my views on censorship in libraries.
a good thing to you could be a bad thing to another, and what if that disappeared?
the author describes, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
if the author did not use these examples, the reader would not easily get a picture of the troubles he had to overcome.
computers are needed, and without them, our lives would be extremely miserable.
there are so many wrong things out in the world that you can never do right by.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music,movies, magazines, should be removed off of the shelves if they are offensive?
the train moves and leaves the platform.
so as you can see computers have a positive effect on people.
because the materials some times harm the child or maybe even put the child in the hospital.
another good thing with computers is that you can look up the news and be updated everything that is going on right now.
because you want to get back to the computer.
while regular mail takes day to a week to get to another person.
the setting easily can affect the cyclist in many ways.
everyone just has to remember that people have their own opinions about things and you just have to deal with it.
people go to the library because they want to either get away, or just to be free and grab a nice book.
some people like reading graphic novels or things like that.
computers have videos that show you how to play sports and enjoy them as much as you do in real life.
these sites are not boring.
they should simply do something to let people know what to expect when they read the books, magazines, or movies.
however, there are all different kinds of books, music, and all the other materials that could offend all different kinds of people.
the hibiscus symbolizes all this
it brings a very warm feeling about you.
we, as people of the have battled through hard times.
this will be good for every race too!
studies show that of children that their our computer spend less time with their family and more time on the computer.
these are not only experiences but things to ponder upon, and losing these factors in life would be a horrible mistake.
instant messaging and are now primary sources of communication.
people who use the computer all day every day, end becoming very lazy, because all they want to do is sit down and use the computer.
also, to stay in touch with family and friends.
have you ever read the book the ?
in libraries i feel like its the librarians who are the cause for letting children read offensive books.
the latest events are published in many languages.
dear , computers are an amazing advantage to use in this modern day and age.
computers in an life can help in the long run.
libraries also have some offensive items in them.
there are many reasons why offensive material should not be banned.
your kid goes on those websites than your kids' always at danger!
then you can see others face to face!
since no one is the same what someone might not find appealing can be amazing thing to another person.
now what can you do?
i have a few relative in , .
it is amazing technology because even someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them in the click of a button.
computers have, without a doubt, had a positive effect on people.
it will make students including myself better people by not learning of the things we hear about or watch.
most of use portables which goes back to my last paragraph.
libraries are one of the best places to find those materials.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
people could assume that drugs kill you.
many have it for entertainment purposes.
this shows he is thankful for all his parents did to make him the man he is today.
the more advanced computers become, the more advanced people are.
i live in melbourne, and basketball is a very popular game in australia.
some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and hanging with your friends and family.
when the cyclist started his day off ready to go.
so school went by the bell rang it was time to go.
the computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are.
over all, the setting caused the cyclist major problems, physically, and mentally.
there are many hills and the terrain changes a few times.
you will have taken most books out of libraries because one person thinks it is not good for the children.
just think about your current lifestyle is it occupied with computers or is it free and wild?
fortunately, it means we do projects, reports, and research on the computer.
the fact that there is nothing living around the cyclist also affects him.
i hope that by the end of this letter you will see that computers do benefit our society.
the cyclist said that this sight was troubling.
computer supply so much more then just entertainment.
everyone has their own favorite book or genre.
the internet is the best way to contact those people.
many books could teach the older generations how to leave a legacy for generations to come.
to me music is something more to express your feelings.
young adults in school also got used to texting.
i do not like the summer season also.
i always go on to talk to family living too far to visit.
thank for your time.
some of the movies and books people find offensive can be pretty bad and say nasty things and stuff like that.
newton made many other discoveries.
some readers could strongly disagree with a book and others could recommend it to all of their friends and family.
secondly they give us the ability to learn and communicate with the far away places.
no we should not have to take certain things off of library shelves.
their faces aglow with this information.
before computers world spend hours in books and find what there looking for.
when looking at archetypes, spring is time of new beginning and life.
thank you for your time !
he hated the idea of mixing people of different religions into one place.
almost familiar to her now.
not one minded the inconvenience of wet umbrellas, soaking shoes and wet clothes.
but if we did no have this book we would be sure to expect another on our hands.
computer allow many people to become with each other in new and effective ways.
even government allows many concessions and grants for educational tours.
also when her mother said you what?
and at first they struggled but they knew that there was hope and happiness in the near future.
the person could go out and see friends and family.
overall computers are useful.
music could also be a bad influence on kids.
dear local newspaper.
the reasons being .
this technology is the most best thing you could ever use.
the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit affect the author in a big way.
you can also interact with people far away.
if people really do have a hard time with some of the material that is on display, they should not even pick it up to begin with.
best of all, when you forget to write your home work down, you can go online, and ask one of your friend what it was.
if you do not like what is being discussed, do not read or watch it.
i changed you, not.
schools have the right to censor what is put in their libraries for their students to read, especially magazines.
the farmer is the
the easiest way of this was talking over.
if you are doing a project on fashion a would be excellent to help them find out some tips.
if the books or magazine would start being taken off the selves then we would have less ways to research or learn certain things.
i also feel that he is a very happy man for the rest of the memoir.
but i have and i also use to read them.
dear local newspaper, i believe that people should stay with computers.
art is what makes people creative.
so if people are offended it is just pretend to begin with.
therefore water is one feature that affects the cyclist.
so basically its a waste of money.
it gives me great pleasure.
another reason to censor magazines would be because of some religious views on what people see when they look at the magazine.
the sad thing is, i did not know it before i did it.
another theme is to overcome your obstacles.
over all reading books makes you smarter.
so instead of being on the chat room you could be on the computer looking on the daily news or searching like that.
more and more teachers are using computers to help us learn.
many people turn to magazines as a way to relax and read about the latest fashions or their favorite athlete.
magazines inform us on what new and interesting.
in a profanity is good for movies it gives it action and drama.
was returning the book that had just read and checking out the new one had already picked out.
no one if forcing them to read them.
and then he stopped for directions and the men gave him the oldest set of directions.
here i remembered.
he also had pretty much ran out of water.
people will take maps for a while and not want to go back to sleep and you wont have nothing else to do for the rest of the day.
owners can now have businesses all over the world.
i bet most of the students in this world would say to keep them on the shelves because they like to read and look at pictures.
parent supervision is one of the top priorities for knowing what your children read.
i think the area where the most offensive things are, are movies.
this idea of her determination to succeed can be connected to the plant she brings home.
i know your probably thinking huh?
although painful heat was a brilliant way to learn a lesson in cycling, and the old men helping with directions.
so i logged on to the computer and it brought me to a million pages on their culture, language, and much more.
reason three, your health is in jeopardy.
the book changed my perspective on many different topics and helped me open my eyes on different views.
this quote shows that the author can only give thanks to his loving parents who did everything to insure a great life.
are some books, music, movies, and magazines out that are offensive.
buy things without having to go to the store.
they are preventing people from exercising, going outside, are are just making them stay in there house all day.
lastly, it could be bad to get though life without your friends and family.
but now if something is found to be offensive in any way it is essentially burned.
&the hibiscus was the thing to make her happy.
moving on to the next topic.
movies are censored due to language and content, which i get, but actually removing them from our libraries should not happen.
if books, movies, magazines, music, etc.
you can use the computer to lock up your subject and a different websites will come speed quick to your screen.
children who have been secluded should learn that curse words are a part of reality also.
and instead of searching the places online and what their all about, just go visit them.
should not be censored.
this shows how important the hibiscus was to her.
a joke not suitable for a child under to read, hear, or watch.
when you honestly think about it, you cannot censor out things that you hear in person, so why censor things in certain materials?
old people, he thought he was getting a good shortcut.
it seems that he will never reach his good and he will continue to suffer in the grueling heat.
people can learn all of this wonderful and interesting information about things they of never known before.
this book is one of my top five favorite books, and i could not check it out of the library because it was banned.
he did not ??
the factory features a picture of a boy pouring a glass of juice into his mouth which upsets the thirsty cyclist.
imagine a world where nearly every other book is banned for some reason or another.
another thing you could do is make videos.
i hope you see how amazing computers can be.
sites like , and can can help you find friends by connecting you in a chat room to a random person, just to talk.
from my personal experience i have not seen any problems with kids checking out offensive books.
researching topics can be easily accessed through a computer.
the use of computers has been increasing since personal computers were invented.
no more books, music, movies, and magazines.
if students never know how will they live.
this just happens to be one of my opinions of censorship.
many people enjoy books, magazines, and movies of this nature.
computers can be very helpful to many people.
the books sometimes talking about what happened a long time ago and stuff like that and it sometimes offense people like that.
today, we have buses, cars, railways, airplanes, ships and many other means of traveling.
something that is offensive to one person or a group of people not be found offensive by another person or group of people.
once the automatic doors to the library opened she darted straight to the movie section.
a workman of ivory spends a long time in learning the skill of carving ivory.
it rained continuously for two hours.
only if they are doing what the parent says.
they sought to ban the book in the schools in our township, wanting to spare all other children the experience of being exposed to was clearly traumatic material.
as you can see, this is why the mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and inviting.
that paragraph relates to every little bit of this story from the beginning to the end.
i like my school very much and i am proud that i belong to it.
i was once able to send my friend an email about getting the homework faster than writing him a letter.
computers also give people the ability to easily learn about far away places, people, etc.
here is evidence from the article.
it is at the responsibility of the public to how they use the information they receive.
computers help peoples every day lives and they could be helping yours.
how would you feel if that freedom was taken away from you?
on top of that, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today who you seen for years but you cant!
steal from you and worse.
also, computers keep us connected with friends and family more easily.
one electronic that has been useful in so many ways to people are the computers.
i have always had a deep passion for music.
the solo cyclist says there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
it teaches you thing but not every thing it teaches is good.
i found this upsetting because everyone deserves to have access to the books that they want.
not only are there books that i have found in the library to be inappropriate and offensive but also many magazines, movies, and music.
a farmer lives in a village.
it shocked me that someone would put that book in a public library and let the foreign and others read it.
instead of being on a computer for or hours or maybe even all day getting fat.
my little sister loves going to the library.
this shows the author is probably very hot.
this can help keep families in touch.
as the setting changes, the authors attitude changes as well.
should materials that some people find offensive be removed from libraries?
throughout the memoir the author says how grateful he is for his parents.
in just hour i visited right from my very own house!
libraries are there for us to learn and enjoy ourselves.
the information provided on the computer can really teach everyone something.
kids can learn so much worse things from something at the library by just setting at home.
the features of the setting in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, greatly affected the cyclist.
a lot of people these days study from the internet, i know i sure do.
making friends or keeping up with the ones you have in a positive way help fight depression.
this can not be true!
what seems to make them so important to us?
in fact, muscles start it is recommended to get in at least one hour of exercise of outside play a days.
even a simple one hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web.
if the music is rap, pop, or country they could just get it from instead of the library providing it.
some say that you should just use a phone but you could use video chat on the internet.
the paragraph provides closure and a sense of hope, which is an excellent note to end on.
anyone could easily search all that stuff on the internet and know exactly where your next game be.
one of his moods is that he is happy.
most people in have a computer in their home.
after that he starts to ride through the desert when a huge snake gets in his way and scares him even more.
these works they wish to condemn and banish are works of passion and labor.
in addition to schoolwork, computers are a great place to look when you need information.
censored books are just a way to keep the way we live life quiet to some people and never let kids grow up and experience things.
they have many different kinds of books for specific reasons.
you can also look at maps of the whole world and zoom all the way to birds eye view.
nature used to be the most peaceful think now it the internet.
and it beats playing on the computer all the time.
then for young adults, i think that parents could try to look up somethings about the book.
computers are also good for you.
i should also add in that using the computers our school is in communication with a school in .
so then you spend nights in bed tossing and turning.
people take umbrage to certain words and consequently some libraries will remove the book featuring said words from their shelves.
seeing those things, i felt as if i had landed in a different world altogether.
people are and less about the environment does to computer.
way to meet and interact with new and interesting people.
visit a local park or play a sport for fun.
thirdly you should spend time with your family.
find the positives in what it brings instead of looking down on it.
this help you her.
you can also email.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
why would anyone want to be indoors on a computer when you can go enjoy what nature posses.
ask yourself, is it right?
you know the average teenager spends at least hours on the computers?
we want children to mature without the lies that everyone lives this way.
many people in the read.
the use of verbal and visual examples is the only way we learn who we are.
overall computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be unsafe, not truthful, and are forcing children to become more dependent on adults.
people everywhere learn from books.
to begin with on a computer you can have a lot of fun by playing games.
i would like to thank you for your time.
is one of the moods because all every one in the neighbor hood got along.
when you walk into your local library there are thousands of books, magazines, movies, etc.
it does not solve any problem.
they are our best friends.
you can save over a year.
he is basically in a desert and he is running low on water.
in my opinion computers have a positive affect on people.
your family and friends have always been there for you.
she is willing to give the test another try and is sure to pass it.
well now this is more than possible through the advances in technology.
on the other hand, the computer can come with much use.
the heat also made the abandoned juice factory all the more ironic and bitter for the protagonist.
however, her husband killed himself.
they miss out on being in the wonderful warmth of the , or going out and playing in the snow and making , forts, or having a fight.
even though and i were close, i felt as though was always hiding something.
they seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity.
there is no doubt obesity is a problem, and computers are making it worse.
the computer be fun but its always important to get outside and enjoy nature.
finally, a relative is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma, the relationship just gets better.
without computers some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention it can keep many things very organized and neat easily.
he was looking at a magazine out of library.
she would also take the test because it is comforting to her and reminds her of home
this could lead to not only the religious books being banned, but anything that strays from the social norms.
another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones.
people have the right to things that they enjoy.
this makes it easy for strangers to.
lastly, computers allow people to chat with other people.
he cultivates rice is the main food of
this will help the kids that play baseball.
they teach many things for people to learn and that have already learned.
immediately as i began to read i felt comforted by the author writing about the home and family.
i cried every night for three weeks.
even though you know its not there, but you just looking and you end up finding whatever it is you where looking for.
is very tasty.
but interacting with family and friends, learning about things around the world and your education depends on computers.
the computer aids the user with vast information on every subject or topic that be brought up in a class room.
so then the guy that was talk about how the farm books should get pulled off the shelf he ask the librarian where the books was on spaceships.
also, the lack of people and civilization affected the author.
his parents wanted to help their children and give them better lives.
this is not the case.
these books should not be taken away from the library shelves.
many trees provide us medicinal products such as quinine and eucalyptus.
some people do not like to be bored of the same thing.
dark clouds were coming down and covering the blue sky.
no one should be aloud to take something away that is important to other people even if it is offensive.
his mood is warm and compassionate as he talks about how much each one of his community was important to him.
is saying that if every single book that offends someone is taken off the shelves there would be no books for anyone to read.
they also have the right to not read the book at all.
and the best part about them is that they are fun and easy to use!
we should try to inspire our young children to do whats right and not try to convince them to do anything in a negative way.
in conclusion, if you find a movie, song, book, article, or magazine that is offensive to you, get over it.
in response i simply returned the book and chose another one.
in society, no matter what the topic is, there will always be at least one person that has a problem with it.
this also makes the cyclist believe that old men do not know what they are talking about.
computers can give you instructions on how to build stuff, step by step instruction to create a work of art.
another offensive object would be too many words that involved foul language and or racism.
it would have been to worry about those things these are all things that affect the cyclist.
to censor our libraries is to cripple our children from the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowed and fragmented world.
the people who spent most of their time on the computer are the people who are addicted.
there are multiple solutions to the problem.
a scientist in , , says humans tend to enjoy communication because it gives a sense of unity.
so, in any other case censorship would be wrong and immoral.
if you think about, almost all books can be offensive or hurt your feelings.
in conclusion these are some things that made his trip hard.
through a recent study, out of families in say they have relatives that are far away.
i believe that there should be some censorship, but not too much censorship.
must learn in order to teach.
if the movie you watch is more towards the section then it will have more offensive language and violent scenes.
bad books spoil our minds.
i strongly think that the internet is the number one way of communication between people.
heat makes it harder for most people to concentrate and causes people to heat overheated when exerting much force at once.
those are just some ways and reasons why certain books, movies, music and magazines should be removes from shelves if they are found offensive.
censoring them could be as simple as just putting a tag on them or making a different section for just those kinds of books.
the features of the setting that affected the cyclist was the heat because he was getting lost and he was slowly running out of water.
he took me along.
remembers all the happy times he had, and memories that took place in his home.
out of of kids agree with science teacher .
sometimes it is appropriate for offensive language or topics to be written about.
removing this items would just be a total chaos.
your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project?
the right to remove a book off of a shelf is not good thing to do.
there are features such as blazing heat coming off the sun, short, rolling hills, and no water.
designed with distinctly different minds, people want to read distinctly different books, written by distinctly different authors.
you can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school.
in a way.
when searching through the library you never know what will find on the shelves.
the mood that author has created in this memoir was a happy feeling because this is proud of his culture.
i hope you will take my opinion seriously and think about it is using computers for daily needs really that bad?
you guessed it; computers.
on the other hand they attract the readers attention.
it is as simple as that.
for generations, we have grown up in a world of diversity.
many best selling books would be wrong for children to read, but they would be perfectly fine for adults.
therefore starting a fight.
make some that have like cartoons in them and comics for the little kids.
the settings have a huge affect on the cyclist.
for example, lets say you went on the computer for an hour, that hour could have been used to go outside and stay fit!
these are just a few of the questions asked when referring to content in any given book, magazine, or even a song.
as a student i know they help me with school and communicating with my friends and relatives.
caused me to lough.
animals have been here way be for us.
as a teenager, i know that people have access to far worse things on the internet than in libraries.
like lets say my dad goes on business to .
it can be an enjoyment to read to the next person.
the can not replace the real outdoors.
whether some people find certain material offensive or not, there are other ways to get that material so there really is no point to censoring anything in libraries
she is well-educated.
these creatures are the most important things in our life to learn about.
we have the internet that lets people upload book and music to share.
this tests his endurance even more as he has to maneuver down the hills while dehydrated and ready to collapse from exhaustion.
music on the other hand could be thought of as different.
we have to wear white or cream cotton shirts, light-blue trousers, black shoes and white socks.
also they help with your school and job work.
the hills made the ride slower and harder because of the hills.
but why so many?
if a child does something wrong, he is generally excused.
recently, i bought a webcam and have been chatting with him on it every week.
now those same kids are smoking pot, having sex, getting girls pregnant, abortions, miscarriages, things that are not appropriate.
now is the time to turn of the computer, and go outside.
also the library should have a section to where only the certain age can read that book.
when the gone was about to start, the looked into the crowd for his dad.
music is probably the hardest to figure out, of these censored things i have spoken of today.
that is why it is up to the head of the family to decide what to do about this crisis.
we have the choice on whether or not we check out a book that might offend us or not.
by having a computer you can chat with them through your webcam!
for example, i personally love horror movies.
no one has the right to take over someones mind of what they are interested in.
first, the sun constantly beating down on the cyclist causes his or her body to sweat more, which makes ones body use more energy.
so trying to shield your child from the bad things be a great thing, but the efforts are usually failed attempts.
however, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people in many ways.
this is why computers have a positive effect on people.
some of us like to buy or sell things on the computer or do our homework.
he can also buy the worms to eat.
a day where there are no books in the school library.
the advances in technology with computers benefits the society.
this way more and more families can do activities together.
movies can be offensive because of the language, violence, the way people are treated.
to like or hate what ever is on the shelves.
if the parents are scared of there children being able to rent these things, they need to put some sort of block on them.
in my opinion i believe all types of material should be allowed in libraries.
also, by learning about other countries and the people in them, we gain respect for them.
computer engineering is a job that pays you good money to fix computers.
in the essay the cyclist explains that, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
so you see, the internet is a great use for kids.
i use to be a computer geek.
they give people chance to chat with people allow them to make friends.
in many school libraries certain books, music, movies, and magazines have been removed because of the content in them.
when we visit libraries, we expect to find the information that we came there looking for.
but came around a couple of men who told him a shortcut.
if people do not like the books in the library then they should not go to the library to get books.
that way friendships are never really lost.
would come home and not even bother to do homework, but would just immediately go online.
then he had to travel without water and became dehydrated.
there are many reasons why i believe that computers benefit our society.
the mood the author is putting sad and happy stories at the same time.
the cyclist is tired and dehydrated because he ran out of water.
let the person in search of answers pick it up or leave it behind.
and lastly they are the future of our world!
the mood of the author in this memoir was happy, grateful, and gratitude.
his son is of my age.
people have a certain reason to take something off the shelves like books, magazines, , etc.
mother, whenever plans a vacation, looks up the country we are going to and gets more information about it.
parents would not have to worry about their young children wandering around and finding something that is totally wrong for them.
in the excerpt it states.
we told and him told him spending to much time on computers is bad for you.
that sense of happiness and fullness one might get after doing something good for someone else.
you could find ways to improve how you play or you to play that sport.
people who need something to cheer them up can watch a funny video with the click of a button.
ya not everyone is into a sexual book but there are some people out there that like to read about that stuff.
that is your opinion and you have all of the right to it.
will our freedom of speech be negated, or our freedom to assemble?
i want to see that word and feel its full effect.
and if you just want to stay home all day you can still interact with people.
that is why helps people learn a different language.
these websites help keep in touch to, with family.
we just have to teach our kids what good and what .
he maintains order and peace.
as days went around the end or the year was she noticed she had two problems.
first of all, you can learn about places that are around the world in a click.
at times it is okay to want a book that has a few bad words but the library needs to know their limits.
it is found almost everywhere.
but to others its does nothing to them.
however, you should not ban books because we have the freedom to choose what we read.
you wont talk to your friends as much at school or hang out with them because all you want to do is go on the computer.
so keep the books on the shelves.
as time passed, professional wrestling began to welcome in beautiful women into their business.
computers another affect of the long hours spent in front of screen is a decrease in eyesight ability.
they are owned by capitalist and have to toe their line.
as you can set computers are an important part our lives.
this adds to the cyclist thirst and dehydration.
it wont even phase anyone anymore.
the author also creates a mood of love and caring which her parents showed for her and her sister.
for it would not be something that went well in our history.
the magazines i read about aka seventeen magazine seem to comment about how beautiful these people.
you can learn about where and how the person lives.
computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact.
and very, very happy that he did not just live in a house.
we should not waste electricity because resources to make electricity are scarce and will not last forever.
all in all, there is no need to remove materials from a library because many people have different interests.
if someone disagreed with this and felt that it was too serious or offensive to young readers, many new readers would never know this book.
think computers have a effect on people.
in this case, other people can still watch, hear, or read the book or magazine, movie, or music.
this is the most important reason of all.
to better prove my point, think of your favorite book.
they try to get him off but all he does is online.
now we see that games and sports do us a lot of good both physically and mentally.
is happy to have a great family.
but, you find that you are starting to click when you meet this person they be of a different rare.
a few things that i would find, that would bother me are books or magazines that contain drugs, nudity, horrible violence, and bullying.
children learn by hands on or watching other things.
computer usage will keep you in the !
any isle of books was open to anyone, i felt that i had the world in the palm of my hand.
so here i am going to inform you about the good reasons why computers should stay in our society.
admires them and their courage.
then the student could be in trouble.
they help us relax.
it let me know how other families who really have nothing, have everything.
the family risked everything to help other families.
like music, books have many categories.
computers to sell something communicate with someone or just look up a new topic.
are you hearing this from your children than usual?
another example of his gratitude towards his parents is on paragraph .
on these websites kids as young as ten years old are chatting with friends and putting up pictures.
in trying construct a monument, the government and culture find that they have little to build off of.
david-jonathan, etc.
my cousins saw an article about once and they thought it was amazing they learned a lot about the culture there and actually took a trip there!
not in our population but the size of our people!
if it offended her, then she should not read it.
there was a little boy, at the age of nine or ten it looked liked to me, but he had two movies in his hand.
these computers also improve social skills.
when it comes down to the choice, you will know just what to do.
parents i believe that certain materials should not be shown.
but if it is censored it should only be for a certain age group.
if someone wants to read a biography or history about , they should be able to.
the kids have that right to learn our very own history and some people want to take that away.
, his gratefulness.
censorship is illegal where we live.
families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities.
after that somebody thought that it was a good idea, he experimented on it, and the people supported him.
he says sometimes life can be so cruel as he notices the speed limit to be , but he continues on, pedaling hard.
the setting affects the cyclist because he is faced with roadways he is unsure of the weather is hot and dry and there are wild animals.
those are the noises of pinball on my computer.
i found myself next to a stinking man.
staring at a computer screen for a long amount of time will not keep you fit or in shape.
censoring in libraries is also a pointless and non effective method.
another tough feature of the setting was the hills he had to ride up and down.
the mood is set on this paragraph.
people get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day.
what makes anyone think that a book like that would keep kids from doing drugs?
in this case, nothing bad could happen and everything is in place with everything else.
when i was in fifth grade, chaos broke out in my community.
she had lost a lot of hope with the big move to another country.
maybe a great song that made you happy, or a movie that made you laugh.
what parent would want there child learning about sex at a young age?
hope to talk to you soon.
had he been in a city or in rolling farmland he might not have been as terrified.
usually kids will start asking about more adult things when the hit the age and up.
i think them is we the amount of time could be lives.
why should it change now?
when it can be an educational resource it is very helpful.
i remember when my cousin moved away.
artists, authors, and publishers release their work to get information out to let others hear their voice, it is their freedom of speech.
a second reason to allow censorship in libraries is that video stores already have censorship in their shops, along with ratings on all their movies and video games.
to hide away words from our children is wrong.
our daily lives would be dull and boring without new technology.
the author never mentioned any negative activity in the memoir.
of hope to ???
i, personally, do not think that books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from the shelves because they are found offensive.
why change that now?
we do not need any of this.
i remember when i was in middle school, i really wanted to read novels that i saw at the library.
computer classes, and computing.a computer is a
that is why i think it is not right to spend all your time on the computer.
they also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens the streets and in their homes.
finally he reaches a bait shop and his water and refills his water and promised to stick to the map in the future.
these are the features that affected the cyclist
you can play mindless video games!
another reason why i think children should have the right to the computer is because of the information they learn and discover.
it is an institution that is allows one to go places that they will never go and live lives they never will live.
so, i think it depends on the situation.
like at any or any where there are magazines with ladies in there bra and underwear and its the same thing with the guys.
first, it was the old timers at the reservoir campground.
see your answer might be different from the person sitting right next to you.
computers are just amazing!
in the paragraph it mentions all the sacrifice that his parents took to get their family to .
thank you and have a great day.
now more than ever people use where they talk to friends.
there are different kinds of channels that view these materials.
another example is when he had to overcome tumbleweeds and snakes.
many experts, such as , say that a person can become depressed from not interacting with friends and family.
the location of a cyclists ride affects the persons attitude and strength.
the way this author wrote this memoir, he created multiple moods.
a computer has endless information on any topic unlike books.
computers do benefit society.
at first it helped him.
at first, when the cyclist set off in the morning, the conditions were great.
parents need to do a better job teaching their children about what they can and should look at, read, or listen too.
at first he was very motivated, determined, and hydrated.
the road is in bad condition and must do slower then the speed limit.
people need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising.
but computers cannot simulate fresh air and exercise.
this one she can actually call home.
if movies, books, magazines, and music continue to be left uncensored, the world will become a giant brouhaha.
should not be moved ,because anybody can be interested in them.
the censorship should be fine according to some people other would disagree.
as you read my letter i hope you fell the same way.
nowadays it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay home and take care of the house while men work outside of the home.
no, i do not believe certain materials should be removed from the library shelves.
this leads to a downward spiral of our society.
during his fights, he kills the creatures that he fights.
the mood is both grateful and happy.
in conclusion, the features of the directions he was given and lose any hope of surviving.
dear newspaper, i heard you were discussing if more and more people using computers was a benefit to society.
they can have a really good meaning behind it.
the computer is an great place to look at updated pictures, and learn about your new hometown.
clad in rags, shivering in cold they could be seen everywhere begging in the name of god.
what is the difference between learning about them now and learning about them as a adult?
if there is foul play, they penalize it.
they can have different sections, such as adult, children, and young adult.
first, the material can make a person feel unworthy.
but in this new country, his parents were struggling personally and financially, but even though they started life all over again.
everyone has their own opinion on whats offensive and whats not.
no matter the age they are.
so he starts pumping and sees black gunk.
but that just the basics.
this is only one reason why i think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society.
there were a number of airplanes at the airport.
he tells us how they welcomed people into their home whenever they were in need.
they can affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature.
the temperature was so hot, the cyclist said he felt dehydrated.
lastly, and maybe even most importantly, computers are on enormous source of knowledge.
my second reason that i believe computers are good to have around is.
these skills be needed in their job field.
the second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get away from it.
having a , , or account allows you to chat with people all over the world.
that would be so wonderful for everyone.
the extreme heat just makes everything worse.
no one should have to worry about being offended when they walk into a place of learning and knowledge.
without computer technology we would function much differently.
if there are people saying that the certain books are offensive, then they should take them out of the library.
because it costs so much money to pay for international cellphone service, my dad could not call using his cell phone.
fresh air is good for you, you.
first, the lack of water took a tole on the amount of energy he had to keep going.
this story is a great story that shows determination and self control.
why limit themselves to typing to people, when they can talk to them?
it would be extremely frustrating to find that a library, which is supposed to contain content on nearly every subject, does not have what your looking for.
there is always a choice of what to do and what not to do.
the biggest issue he faces is the weather.
post is a very slow and costly service, while the internet is cheaper and quicker!
the fact that i can read about other peoples life, and their everyday struggle is astounding to me.
there is a sofa set, a dining table and a t.v.
sure maybe some people are addicted to the computer but others use it only when they need to.
in conclusion, i think computers are a great tool for use in moderation.
the mood of the essay i think is a sort of dry summer day, the sort of oh my gosh, its really hot, type thing.
there were tumbleweeds in his way and large poisons snakes.
what does all of this go to show?
i would take a wild guess that they are mostly about sex and violence.
censorship of anything makes a child more immature.
this shows sorting like morale of never giving up.
some of the material be offensive and have a bad influence on those who buy into them.
to start off, computers are bad because they can be used as a way to babysit a child.
but , books stores took the off of their shelves because a tiger and a pig could never be friends.
books are not excluded from this rule.
i have a computer at home and i know how much fun it is talking to your friends on or whatever you talk to your friends are.
you cannot control what other people do or say.
also your not just siting there your moving your fingers and your using your brain.
if you wrote a book and people did this to you how would you feel.
as far as many can see, this piece of technology has positive effects on people everywhere, everyday.
some movies could do without so much violence, but they have to make money some how.
also computers can save you time and money now.
every adult watching the news at night before they go to bed to see what has , what if you went to bed early.
its a good way to relax.
each and every person has a different opinion on what is offensive or not, so to censor books be to censor all individual mentality.
more than people in the world have computers.
learning how others think too.
people go to the library for a lot of reason computers, books, etc.
some magazines shows appropriate things that children and adults can relate to.
computers are not the way to go.
i will be talking about how computers give people good typing skills, how they give information to people, and how they allow us to socialize.
i always keep sending words wrong.
i think this because about millions of people use computers everyday!
since we live in such a diverse community of religions, these pieces will never satisfy the audience.
in the end, the setting effect how the cyclist back against confident, then desperate as water is used, than relieved when water is found.
as a whole is known as an obese country.
this style of communication has ever a new type of bullying.
many magazines and books, such as and books about modeling, portray beautiful as stick thin and your clothes almost falling off your body.
so why even have authors write something offensive in their books?
lastly they should not be reading anything about bullying
its all media and entertainment.
with a computer it is much easier at your job or at school.
those were the opinions i had on computers.
then he talks about the neighborhood and how together are great solidarity and friendships.
i hope what you read today helps keep books on the shelves and readers happy!
it represent that when the plant blooms in the spring she will have a new found sense of hope and happiness.
in order to find a book that interests you, you have to explore by picking up the book and looking at the cover and reading its background.
kids forget to do homework to.
even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer.
if you are a place of business you should not want things like that on your shelf.
this shows instead of buying games online, your buying seeds to help the environment.
people watch inappropriate videos.
it was the sight of falling apple in his garden that gave him the important clue.
to conclude, computers help people talk online.
if you have dinner with friends and your late, with text you can send them a message and they should get it in no time at all.
you will get used to talking to people and when you get comfortable you will talk to them in real life.
i think that books, music, movies, and magazines should not have to be removed from shelves of libraries.
worst of all, we will lose all expectation and respect for mother nature.
then i realize that i was making mistakes.
you would want your seven year old child seeing inappropriate or offensive material, right.
but for important about a home work and some people at theirs.
being honest and hardworking are two qualities to have.
you can argue if something is mediocre, is offensive; i will argue back, just because i have the right to voice my opinion as you do.
all the terrain changes not only changed the cyclists physical state, but his mood and determination as well.
where there are chat rooms were they can interact with others.
anybody can walk in a library and find something they did not like, but that does not automatically mean it is offensive.
computers even help people in school for people like me who broke there arm and have to take some test on the computer.
plus computers help people make money.
the first thing that affected his ride was the heat.
i would also have my own room devoted for music only.
my sister has a computer in her bedroom and i barely see her at all.
the person who wants in banned should have to tell everyone why and stuff.
music is something that brings people together and allows them to be unique at the same time.
it can change the way that children think, or what they think would be cool to physically do.
some people can find books about religion and faith to be very offensive because some people not see eye to eye about other religions.
the censorship on the media depends.
here are some of the examples that i can think of just off of the top of my head.
this could help the people avoid such things.
in my opinion i think computers do.
mom!!!
dear , the computer blinked to life and an image of a blonde haired girl filled the screen.
some people say computers cost too much.
with what little energy he had last, he had passed an abandoned well be grape juice factory, which probably tested his patience and sanity.
i feel that technology can be both good and bad.
the libraries can contain book that are offensive to humans and animals.
for example, the condition of the road was bad.
at the age of .
dear of society i am writing this letter to you to explain the many benefits towards computers.
when he pumps out water that tastes like battery acid, his hope once again diminishes.
children are influenced by the things they see.
the people who fight for what they believe in would need a lawyer.
computers have only become faster and.
advantages and disadvantages of examinations
these are only my views on the topic, and also these statements are my opinion.
i think the comp is a in every household.
i would rather the world be an educated place with minor dangers, then a place where everything is kept secret and safe.
i hope you can see my point to this and please send me a response as soon as possible.
books fill our minds with noble thoughts.
or maybe a local gym?
the river is even described as rushing instead of, maybe violent.
of people agree that the invention of computers helped our nations to be closer.
her persistence allows her to push through life as if she was a plant trying to survive the winter.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a couple different ways.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
people can not take materials off the shelves because it is only offensive to some.
if books are being taking away then very less books will be read.
at this point i ask you, the computer worth everything we think it ?
the organiser mr. anthony appeared to be a different kind of a person with magnanimity and charity.
dear , , computers.
take this letter into consideration.
many books that people find as explicit content to them, not be to others.
books, manuscripts, and other forms of literature should not be taken off the shelves even if they are disturbing or offensive.
even teachers say that they set better teaching skills from web sites.
, in my opinion, the effects of computers are not good.
she told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken.
censorship is not necessary because individuals are aware of what they are interested without anything telling them what to look for.
when the hibiscus is budding it is trying to start life again.
the sun and hot air dehydrated him faster.
on top of his water problem the heat was unbelievable.
the thing they have to understand is that children need to grow up.
but how do you get to your boss?
all in all, library censorship is very weak.
there are two referees who conduct the match.
dear newspaper , people believe that the negatives of computers out weigh the positives.
this represents how happiness transpires throughout their home, and how everybody can feel free to be whoever they want to be.
this is a great thing for everyone.
just set a little time aside daily to observe these aspects of life.
being a teenager myself, i have seen what lengths some people will go to just so they can get this explicit material.
for students in any grade level and any class, research projects are going to be assigned by a teacher.
about their book.
like science, math, or history homework.
they look for knowledge and taking away a persons' learning capacity can be harmful to everyone.
also, if you do not spend time with people it could lead to socializing problems.
in the story rough road ahead the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting in many ways.
then after that the main question we would ask would be ' should we do next?'
also in this memoir the mood is shown by gratefulness by the line, i will always be grateful to my parents.
like for instance books that tell specifics about drugs.
also now they have online classes and you can learn their language before you go.
many people take classes, especially college level classes, online.
the basis of the authors life has been the lessons that his parents have shown him with their lives.
computer games and help take the edge off after a hard day.
i implore the citizens of the area to cut down on internet time and go outside to enjoy nature.
teens got to talk to each other, make new friends, and post what they want.
the necessity for censorship should never be an option.
at this point children our taking it very serious , and strongly believing they can do the same .
a family that i have been close to my whole life had moved to due to jobs.
at the beginning of the story, the girl seemed very upset and lost in this country, and missed her home greatly.
using a typewriter, when they made mistakes which was on, they had to start all over.
then just get a door that says and older and put cameras up.
some people just sit around all day playing games and being lazy.
please help and encourage others to help me put a stop to computers!
they have a right to write and we have a right to read and no one should take that right away.
children can also read or listen about gun violence.
did you ever need to know something about another place, or maybe want to see your baby cousin who is not a baby anymore?
the obstacle being a long cropping hill, this made the cyclist exhausted, as he uses much energy to summer the hell, he was ???
for example when the author says flat roads were replace by short rolling hills, that made the author have to ride safer.
it gave us the directions and the estimated amount of time it would take to get there.
censorship can be a good thing it could also be a bad thing.
every once in a while i talk to my friend who now lives in !
in addition to limiting diet and exercise, computers are also the source of yet another act.
those four hours could be spent with their families.
all these combined gave the author a hard time but in the end he found a bait and tackle shop where he was saved
people go to get what they like to watch, read, and listen.
this is why libraries should have more than one copy.
if you stair at something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because your trying your eye lens.
today libraries are not focused on the materials that they have on their shelves.
she bought the flower with all her money because it held memories for her.
the author wrote the book the way he or she wanted it to be written, not the way you would like to see it.
but we have to ask ourselves, where do we draw the line?
this could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they become violent or depressed.
the above reasons tell you why i believe that exercise is more important than spending time on the computer.
i believe that computers have a negative effect.
he also said that it was not safe to get off the jeep.
i believe that she feels better because at the end of the paragraph she sounds sure of herself.
time my computers crashed and i had a report due but all the books were gone.
computers are too expensive to have to keep.
all my reasons before.
but it wont, it will only show them how not to act.
and if you are connected to the internet, you can play games with other people around the world.
first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about cultures around the world.
there will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they.
they need the computer for that task.
i agree with you on this article.
today, thought the number of collectors is somewhat lees,
another reason the author have used this paragraph to conclude the story is to show people to never quit.
however, these rights are somewhat suppressed in the censorship of media at libraries.
in my school there are several students with special needs.
when the bell goes, all the children go back to their classrooms.
are offensive then you really got to take action.
i believe libraries need to restrict items that will have a bad influence on children.
well i am sort of considered that smart kid.
i believe that certain books, movies, or music that are offensive to people should not be aloud on shelves.
in conclusion just do the right things and you will be healthier than ever.
and i say no to computers.
computers are also help young children to old adults learn new things.
these were just a few examples about how the computer has an effect on people.
the author talks about all his friends and family who graced his table in paragraph .
one for , child, family, activity, romance, etc.
computers have a very strong effect on people.
some relate to the story completely while others laugh at certain parts that they too remember about their parents.
the computer has internet and that like billions of facts and much more information about every thing.
the man goes through the novel with a secret stash of books of his own.
if this were done parents' minds could be put at rest for the time being.
helping you with anything.
this is bad for your eye sight.
she will never know unless they meet us somewhere.
and many other reasons why should have for .
the parent should be the one to take responsibility.
the mood in the memoir was created in a couple of different ways by the author.
my last reason i think computer have a positive affect on people is that it can help you with jobs.
and it can make people have fun which will make them stay on the computer for a long period of time.
the society in ' ' proves to be oblivious to everything that is going on in many different ways.
the reasons listed above tell you why i believe that computers should be taken away because of neglecting purpose.
at least you getting up to get the phone.
gives me a way to talk to, photos with and leave videos for my friends.
i say this because not all the time will you me to do something to do.
if they are not something that the kids should learn about then why put them on the shelves.
dear editor of the , people say that technology is affecting everybody left and right.
again parents do not want to see drug use or inappropriate gestures that make the child copy what they see and hear.
snake do not sting, they bite.
there was a great rush outside the railway station.
they should go outside and play sports like basketball or soccer.
music is a form a expression and everyone has their own taste.
people who use computers for many hours are just sitting still.
when we take up a project we need a team of workers.
the computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise.
it made the cyclist feel depressed because he was running low on water and could easily dehydrate without it.
secondly, why would you start removing materials if it could be remade into a more suitable manner?
but computers can do anything!
also for chatting.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
my views on censorship is that, yes, our libraries should be more modest and not have books on the shelves with these things in them.
how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family.
in many cases censorship is a great thing.
if a child becomes use to the ease of searching an item on a computer, he will expect all things to be equally simple.
meditation makes you incredibly calm and you will never be touchy and irritable.
but there are some who wait patiently.
whether we are learning about criminals, racism, or wars, there is always going to be one person who is against it all.
dear , i strongly believe computers have positive effects on people and the society.
we can not cut out peoples offensive banter in real life so why should we do it in our reading material.
computers can also be very dangerous.
now the internet for a person to such to find facts relating to their topic.
there are a lot of positive and negative things about computers.
the library should just pick their music wisely so everyone can be well satisfied.
also, the road became very rough.
as unique and intriguing as the computer might be, it is slowly destroying the mind.
his task is very difficult.
this quote and this part of the quote has a touching effect to the reader.
a material should only be removed if and only if that material offends an over ruling majority of people.
furthermore, to get up the rolling hills he had to peddle faster and harder.
this goes for literary items too.
all magazines can be offensive to people just by looking at the cover and who the cover person is.
about ninety percent of the workers use the computer to do their jobs.
google is helpful for research or vocab work.
to whom this concern computers are a great source of technology, but many people spend to much time on them.
for me personally, and i know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern manuals.
he loves all kids who come to him.
exercise is probably are one of the most important thing to live along and healthy life.
i hope you take my thoughts into consideration.
back to my experience with the books, you read stories that are based off of her life and relationship with her daughter.
i think this conflict represents the way of life in itself.
i was once that little kid who opened the wrong book, at the wrong time.
imagine talking to your friends, not having an with his ever leaving your room.
one is the the person might never come back to that place.
drinking drink after drink never having any water.
have you ever got or check out a book or something that has been racial to you or you think it should have been censored?
the computer is the quickest way to find out information!
this mood is unity.
today in our society almost everyone uses computers weather to do research, play games, or interact with others.
computers are great for communicating and school work, but when used in excess can be unhealthy.
it involves the sacrifice of time and thoughts.
the first one makes you think he is going to have as easy enjoy able bike ride.
you can find things to do, by just typing it into the computer.
therefore, i went to become a teacher.
i would say this because there are different help programs or websites that help people in everyday life.
technology is defined as anything that helps enhance our way of living.
how do you tell on someones maturity level?
he ran into snakes and very deserted country.
my school has a big and spacious building.
finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them.
in basketball you should dribble and look ahead.
next the hills and roads, over one long, crippling hill.
lastly they allow people to talk online with others.
they venture onto the computer and and everything they need to know about , from the security of their home.
there are games with virtual worlds or games that are fun and have no meaning.
spending too much time on the computer and not getting exercise is a major negative effect computers have on people.
i could get a book removed because it offends me.
just like any other industry, libraries need people to use their multimedia materials, such as: books, magazines, music, etc.
if it is portraying a bad image, then it should be removed from shelves.
computers are very helpful for communication along with .
kids could be enjoying other things besides computers.
in the end of the story they say that she will take the test over again, in the spring when the geese come back from the winter fly.
here are some reasons why i think that computers have good effects on people.
they both came to the and had to work in whatever job they could find, although they deserved much better ones.
either way it would help them be a success in their life.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
my friend, , found disturbing to look at some pictures because showed blood.
make imaginations become real and just enjoy what natures about.
they also publish important events.
i read this book 'a ' and is really sad.
thus his major concern is the lack of water.
this does not mean that these things should be removed from the though.
you just go online and look up the info that you need to learn about almost anything form the use to .
he feels that he is at home even though he moved to .
it also helps keep everything organized that way.
being so drawn to your computer can you indoors instead of breathing fresh, clean air which is outside.
do you think that libraries should remove certain materials off the shelves?
the computer is like a drug, you can get on the computer one time, then your just going to want to stay on ti everyday all day.
lastly this article is uplifting because it shows love can make a difference.
books are books, and anyone at any age should be able to remove any type of book off of a shelf.
there was darkness everywhere.
all those years gone in front of the computer.
a people, we are quickly learning that what was once so genius, is actually dangerous.
dear newspaper, the invention of the computer has made a great impact on society today.
there are some magazines that they have but they are good magazines even for children to read.
many people have many different thoughts and beliefs.
all in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports.
my conclusion is that people should not to be able to get off of computer.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things.
if our society cannot even handle freedom of expression through art, how can it handle any other type?
the mood the author created in the memoir loving and happiness.
she loves to eat carrots.
it helps kids fit in.
so what do you think about them?
learning to type gives these children better opportunities for success in later life.
on top of everything else the roads were in very bad condition, so you had to watch for rocks in the road.
also not everything on the internet is true so you might have false information.
he writes the story with much appreciation of his parents, family, and life, which is very admirable.
the effect computers have on humans is by far a positive one, and the outstanding intelligence computers provide must be embraced, not feared and avoided.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed for more reasons than one.
the features of the setting greatly impacted the cyclist.
like i said everyone is different.
these issues create the problem of dehydration, and when mentally you think your going to die without water.
i hope this essay changed your mind about computers.
his parents turned their house into a home for other people as well.
there are dew drops on the green grass.
for example, say one library have action but not thriller while another library has thriller but not action.
the hibiscus will bud when the seasons change.
his sweat was drying in the heat and there was no way for him to cool off in the lifeless desert: lifeless and dry.
it is a pointless task to do.
math game science game different games you what.
are you going to let your child read that book?
my reason is, people have many different tastes in the materials, so i believe they can read what they want as long as does offend them.
they have no time to study at night because they spend all their extra time on the internet.
this maker you dodge bricks and can greatly improves reaction time as well.
when you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence.
the computer to most people i know is the greatest invention besides the obvious ones.
computers should be for everyone!
lastly, there is more to do on computers than doing work and communicating with friends and family.
we all know what offensive things we could find in a library or a bookstore like .
you can get directions off a computer.
the reviews that the other callers had made sort of disturbed me.
on the shelves of libraries; children will find out anyways, wither it is from friends, or the media.
it is saying that when everything else starts coming to life, she will also accomplish something.
arguing to take away the material that some like will only cause tension to rise and make matters worse.
show that you don' like, don' watch it.
do you want your children to have bad images in their head?
if you were to start censoring books in libraries it could cause some problems.
lastly, when kids miss their favorite shows one day, they can just look it up the next day to get caught up.
the world needs people who challenge ideas and religions.
now people can pull out their or player and listen to music.
the game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done.
you cant him them from it either, its an on going battle that will never be one and it will keep getting worse.
when he finally reached the store he was excited and relived.
i think that the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she does not want to give up on fighting her homesickness.
i also remember when i was in seventh grade the whole class went on .
it also gives me exercise.
(paragraph ).
libraries should censor some of the materials that they have available to the public.
certain readings, and types of entertainment have already begun to disappear one by one.
this is a social website that is used to connect or reconnect with friends.
it tones up the whole system.
here the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home.
my we should keep computers because we.
he is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep.
to continue with, computers help families by bringing them closer in a way.
they might have been old, but not very wise.
books are essential to a students growth into adulthood.
people of different races and cultures have another opinion on the situation of censorship.
so get off those computers and call a friend.
if they do not want to buy or check these materials out then then they should just go to another shelf, or shop at another store.
you wont be able to see how big your family is.
the books should not be taken of the shelf because they will entertain and educate other children or parents.
because they have affect on people who use computers and other electronics.
if you needed to look up information for a project without a computer, you would have to drive all the way to the library and buy a book.
their house is like a fish market.
in the memoir, the author created a very upbeat mood.
i would have to say any book that teaches a lesson or helps a teacher should be used no matter the content in it.
without computers this disease would be stopped.
go experience nature.
the censorship would still be at the library in a certain form.
that is how the mood created in the memoir to me was grateful, happy, and mostly thankful.
this causes him to become delighted much faster while he is on a short hit leading to no where.
because some of our friends and family have either did or attempted suicide, and without knowing about it how can it be prevented.
she was lazy and never wanted to exercise.
dear, i would like to tell you something.
i, myself, have friend who lives in that i miss very much.
the players feel a sensation of joy.
people will always say what they want but not everyone can get what they want.
the states how he will always be grateful for what his parents did for him.
and i saw how they live.
the war in old days was based on the “laws of war”.
books should be censored at all.
when all their time is devoted to to computers if they took out the computers in their lives, they would have of time to do such.
the author concludes the story by showing the girls connection to the plant and the symbolism of the geese, the winter hibiscus is her connection to her homeland.
an example might be religion.
second reason for this is that anything and every thing you can get on the you can get from books.
many arguments have been lead to because of the disagreement.
another can now sell their books online and people are able to read them right.
many think that computers are not bad to have, but the good over shadows those aspects.
in the end i think that computers are a real waste of time.
also adults like to check websites for the news and to catch upon sports.
there was a poisonous snake on the road which could have bit the cyclist.
so get it fixed now or just get over what ever you find offensive
people are going to be mad whether they are there or not.
since the conflict is solved there you pretty much have to introduce a new conflict to keep the story going so the author just ends it.
now, singers are starting to make music videos which not along sings these lyrics but shows them as well.
it was a pleasure as always to write to you.
in the field of medicine and surgery, science has made wonderful progress.
these are the three reasons why i think the effects of the computer are bad.
at peak hours people try to board a bus whether there is any space in it or not.
this affects the cyclist because he gets dehydrated because of the horrid heat.
for example, last week in social students i researched the amendments to the constitution.
i thoroughly believe they are mistaken.
i think as far as the child part of it , that no , children should not be aloud to read things that be vulgar, sexual , etc.
each book out there has an explanation, a title and a reason to be read.
what i mean by that is that he is grateful for what he learned from is parents.
everywhere one goes, something is being kept from them.
i can even type my name in a research bar and find me and anybody else with the excel same name as me!
shopping going with you friends and family.
so him dehydrated trying to get ground a snake would be terrifying.
or how about a new hat for your friend?
i agree that computers have a positive effect.
as a result reader perceive a very rich and passionate mood while reading the memoir.
to him, this simple bait shop was like beacon of hope from food himself.
to this day my parents still make sure the movies we pick are appropriate.
at the end of the essay winter hibiscus by ho, it ends in a positive manner.
parents just need to be responsible and look for what their children are looking at , and pay attention to them.
but, she begins to realize that not everything has changed, same things are still familiar.
such as music there are all kinds of music out there.
that of people benefit from using the computer.
the computer also allows you to talk with people far away.
yes it could have bad words or beliefs, but it could help someone.
what would you say to them?
no libraries means no knowledge, no books, no life lessons, no imagination, and above all no excitement.
books can be offensive to many people.
all of these sites allow you to find family members, friends, and many more.
so there was several moods in this memoir.
because or she finds it offensive?
computers are testing away people enjoying nature.
everyday we have choices.
being a daughter and teenager myself, i personally have had the experience of reading some of these offensive books and magazines.
her mother said the flower was not as pretty but will survive.
i do not like showy and multi-colored clothes.
these is the mood and how it is shown.
the idea of removing these things from library shelves is pointless.
also it can help you get on ethnic back round to learn about faraway places.
most teacher prefer the essay typed and not written.
now, in the , computers are part of the everyday lives of people in which they benefit.
many libraries offer music, movies and magazines to check out and to take home.
that right for what they are think.
they do more bad than good in my opinion.
the author chose this to end the story to show that you need to keep faith in your heart.
throughout the memoir.
spring is the sign of life and birth or renewal.
it is also a lot easier to find the .
many parents of young kids are always wondering what their kids are doing at school.
so say you do take that piece of material off that shelf or off the display.
please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world.
if you had a computer everything would be easy but nor.
which makes it more entertaining than a book.
happy is one of the moods because there are many happy memories in the memoir.
once he got to the desert part with no water source then he got thirsty and started to drink his water which depleted fast.
lastly, people are losing their desire to do everyday things.
that also show how the author was pushing to make the mood grateful.
it could prevent you from spending time with family and friend and can even push them away.
if you think that books are that offensive, try walking down the hallways.
parents have a point, but children can not be protected from everything, they must learn and accept certain ideas as they grow and develop.
the cyclist should had looked at his map instead of taking the old man advise because all the information was on the map.
music is something that mostly everyone listens to.
what if someone burn down you home, this is how these kids feel when you close down the most safe place to them?
they have to say it.
a policeman has to work day and night.
therefore, i believe no materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should be removed from public libraries or other public places.
it lets you learn new things and research.
lets say that there are two books written about the same true topic.
but try this: think of a book that changed your life for the better, and then imagine if you had been denied access to reading it.
do you really want a world like that?
censorship is wrong, especially in the ; the citizens are granted the freedom of speech and the freedom of press.
from reading this story the setting does not do any good for him other than the general store he finds in the end.
in the end his will and determination got with threw the landscape, so he could get the water he needed to finish his trip
police are shown as stupid and slow and civil characters shine by contrast.
we, as , have .
that is what i think the mood of the memoir is and why.
the third reason that libraries should be censored is that sometimes seeing certain material in a library can be rather offensive.
computers help us do that.
but at the same time, they fight for the right to raise their child the way they want to.
this shows the effect the exposure to heat had on cyclist.
we see and hear them in everyday life, no matter where you be.
another is some people are faster at typing than writing but some people write faster than type.
at my public library, citizens of my city can request certain books, movies, music, or magazines to be put on the shelves.
do you really want to be the one to take it away?
if one person does not find the content of a book attractive then simply do not read the book.
never once have i ever been outside and relaxed besides when i got on and off the bus for school.
be removed from libraries if they are found offensive?
cursing, to some people, brings a book to a realistic point.
would you rather being sitting in a chair, staring at the computer, or having fun outdoors visiting places you have never seen before?
when i was ten years old, my family and i went on vacation to .
it is a very horrible thing to learn.
he is riding through this deserted and beaten up town that makes him feel weird.
therefore the ending of the story displays the themes.
books that are found to be offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
ho are doing.
i believe the author ends the story with this sentence to show how she overcome obstacles emotionally and how the hibiscus plant is a sigh of hope for future.
not everyone will have the same opinion on matters that hold importance, but that is why the goes around.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a happy mood.
as a western middle school students, i know the amount of projects and research we are required to do per class.
computers are excellent for students that play the piano, like me.
the internet provides them with directions for them on how to reach their destination in a quick and efficient manner.
without the water, he could become very weak and dehydrated.
secondly, computers can make you go blind because the screen of the computer is too close.
the hibiscus does these actions by coming out of its buds and blooming.
i have to look at it.
if someone of a certain belief sees something offensive to them or their religion, then they have an option to not read or look at it.
in conclusion, being dehydrated, tired and getting lost were the features of the setting affect the cyclist had.
who can be the ultimate decision maker in deciding if something is offensive to everyone?
and i hope you like what i wrote.
the computer can explain cultures from any where in the world.
the scorching sun and the extreme heat had made life unbearable.
to make the growing unity of world possible, development of psychological health is essential.
among the myriad of resourceful materials provided by libraries are book, movies, and magazines.
there are many things we can do to stop our children from watching, listening, and learning about these negative things in life.
with the lack of water dehydration was beginning to hit the poor man.
a third reason is companies are able to use them to gain business.
my final reason is, the less time you use your computer the less money you would be wasting on electricity bills and spending more time on family vacations.
computers, we use them everyday.
also less kids are reading.
since the public library is indeed public, the materials it offers to people should not be offensive.
to get rid of these books that cause conflict within a person is like getting rid of a big burden.
while he was biking he had to go up crippling hills.
before computers kids played outside running and playing around.
one laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze.
furthermore, going online too much has been known to produce a second life.
she is on her way home from her drivers test, which she just failed, and on the way she sports a hibiscus in a flower shop.
i remember wandering around my public library scanning the rows of books and reading the titles.
i believe that computers are doing us more good than their harm.
i think because you can talk to your friends about.
after all, everyone wishes to be treated kindly, right
i say this because when you have an addiction to anything, it is hard to stop.
finally, people go online to chat rooms to talk and met new people.
could you imagine writing a newspaper a ?
reading it is a joy to some and a pain to others.
the setting was the main affect on the cyclist.
now there is two things gone from the shelve, but you actually liked what they took off the shelve and your upset that they took that off.
so please, local newspaper keep reading and i will change your mind about computers effects on people.
have you ever needed to cancel a meeting?
the conditions of the setting of the setting the cyclist was in became a disadvantage for him.
not many teens are able to just be alone and read a good book, which is why i was so shocked when i heard about this strange news.
when watching a movie with a sad ending, most people cry.
another reason i think more people should use computers is that you can talk with friends over the internet.
this is understandable also.
nowadays, that is their way to communicate with their peer.
removing those small things, however, could grow into a bigger problem.
their schedule could be chaotic.
finally, should we do this, it will not solve anything.
he explains how much he appreciates the love and care given to him by his family.
dear , people are using technology.
when he saw the building he was relived but when he found out it was abandoned he was sad.
my favorite place to go is northern in .
, , while growing up had poor influences all around him.
now that man can track your child down and possibly kidnap or hurt them.
authors have the right to write whatever they want.
she buys the flower and returns to her new home to her mother who is working in the garden.
the cyclist was running out of water quickly and there was nowhere close to get more.
first, kids might have problems online and to keep the problem to get worst.
but with determination,you can accomplish anything!
, who trains the air force weighs in on the effects of computers.
another reason that computers are bad is because of the internet.
and with you having bad eyes you can get serious head injures just from hurting your eyes.
in public libraries, things are a little different.
my first reason why i think that censorship is not right is that all contents of a library should be open to the community.
we should have them every day.
and this will cause a lot less chaos and attention to be drawn to yourself and others around you.
right now, children can read this information at any time.
make us feel uncool.
when you research online, the information literally comes to you.
hardly anyone would, and one of the things they controlled most was personal freedom.
people visit the library to find materials that they are interested in, or look around to expand their interests.
in other words, people spend too much time on the computer.
with computers you can contact people in different parts of the .
does it bother you to hear them with your own ears?
then he came upon rolling hills and rough .
dear local newspaper, in the society we live in, more and more people are using computer including me.
simply put a warning label on the book after a few complaints.
is a memoir of family memories growing up in an immigrant neighborhood.
first of all, the weather causes most of his problems.
the is that people should agree.
you should not be able to ban books because we have the freedom of press.
this symbolizes hope because the girl is realizing that it is going to take time before she can adapt to her new country but eventually she will.
if parents started watching what their kids do, then they would not be worrying about the reading or watching something they should not be.
music does not kill people.
offensive materials contain many teaching tools in life that could help out the lives of many people.
so, in my opinion, i think computers are a good thing to have.
so when it spring again and the hibiscus is fully bloomed that why she take the test again because she will feel more comfortable in and with her surroundings.
please use computers to help our everyday routine.
fortunately, a big tragedy was avoided that day.
if i had a problem with the restriction levels at the library i just would stop going.
surprisingly it is true that all of the reasons are good for the time being on the computer.
there is another perk with computers and that is keeping in touch with family or friends that live far away.
computer have a positive effect on people because i believe the computer can teach people a lot.
many local sports have lost teammates due to lack of desire for physical activities because of computers.
in conclusion, i agree that the effects computers have on people are positive.
for example, many parents would love if all clothes stores would ban holes in jeans because they are to revealing.
do you spell encyclopedia?'
some classics are also being speculated against.
people can use laptops out doors.
you can learn about any subject on a computer, at anytime.
the mood that the author was trying to show was calm.
the temperature and excessive sweating cause the cyclist to drink a lot of water.
so many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience.
putting violent books in an area that is blocked to under the age of is an effective way to restrict children.
yet parents lot the children on them.
i think computers is a big effect on people today and this effect should be solved!
dear , i have been informed that recently, people are questioning the use of computers.
students love having access with information around the world.
the thought of trying the test when the hibiscus starts budding ties the story together.
a third positive effect computers have on people is teaching them new things.
not only books but magazines and movies help as well.
the only way they communicate is through online chat.
my many local in the town of .
so if you do go on the computer not for almost half the day!
it brings to the surface the evil side of human nature.
music always contains warnings for the rating of the book.
also they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
if a book is offensive it does not deserve to be taken off the shelf.
censoring magazines gives children a chance to find who they are not what the world wants them to be.
they are websites on the computer.
when you are lack of water and energy it makes your goal more hard to complete.
there are some movies that are just not meant for a younger audience.
books are the world to most people and without them those people would not know what to do with their lives.
i believe the whole issue is that the machine itself distracts you from other things in your life that is also as enjoyable on it is.
many people are very stern about there thoughts when they believe in something very strongly.
people should wont to get out and interact.
pornography, vulgar language, grotesque scenes and many other things make books and movies inappropriate for some.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him in a near death situation.
now come guy as a all pull it together.
computers also are useful for teaching.
i disagree that certain material, books,movies, or magazines should be removed that are offensive to some from the shelves of libraries.
if computers take away exercise than health issues will more often and at a younger age.
that is why i believe that and what i thank about it
when you limit the themes of books in your library, some kids just pick up less and less books as time goes by.
everyone is different.
this can cause many problems between communication throughout the family making the family weaken.
he solves the difficulties of all the students regarding their lessons.
lastly this gave me the mood of love.
looking and finding things you never learned about, even if it offends others.
i left her a voicemail and called her house phone instead, the same thing bad happened.
some people think it is a good idea and same do not.
so, does the government have the right to say what we can and cannot read?
ultimately consumes all free time.
what is great about the library is that you have a huge selection of items to choose from.
i can mess up your social life with family and friends.
but you have to make sure you get a good computer.
all during the memoir he speaks of how he cherished his family.
in conclusion, i believe this material should not be taken off the shelves.
almost everybody was looking out and watching rain every now and then.
children now days see more and know more what they are not suppose to know, for an example cursing.
without it how were you going to get your info.
some movies have bad stuff in there.
are of children who are addicted to computers.
emails are an example of this.
last week, he took me with him to the forest.
once a road needs to be repaired, work is done that pollutes into the environment even more.
libraries are used by many people, people go there to research, study, and even just to find an interesting book to read.
you can look at the screen and move your fingers freely.
so in all ways, the computer is anything but bad.
all sense of innocence is destroyed and children are not children anymore
another example would be slavery.
it will warn people that the book contain material that offend the reader of the book.
he was looking very handsome.
without computers, everyone would not be able to get the education that they have a right to.
people these days though.
once when i was in a library i was offended by a book title that was against my religion.
so if you!
individuals can talk with friends who live in different countries as if they were in the same room.
when they grow up they are going to be like them because everybody sings there songs and everything else.
as the author cycles through this shortcut, he is in a very dangerous setting.
i personally love reading, and like all kinds of books.
they should be replaced with educational things.
dear , computers are all around us where ever you go.
i also believe that violence is the worst thing to be influenced by.
censorship in the world is getting worse everyday.
we checked into a hotel and had our lunch.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
we do not need things like that in our world.
you should talk to parents about getting their child an computer.
in the today we have something called freedom, we exercise this right everyday with what we wear, and what we say.
some people like certain kinds of books and movies while others not.
computers could also be used for good things.
the customers of a street hawker are generally housewives and children.
anything you could think of is most likely found in a computer.
we might not like it but the reward at the end is wonderful.
in conclusion even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects which can cause serious problems.
also, you can use the computers for a research project or you can use the for some facts on people like , , and .
almost everyone has a movie they would like to see, or a book they would like to read.
one way is the hilly terrain makes him work harder and wears him out.
another thing you can do is download music to your do you ever have line that think of not busy so do it now.
memories of the past showed her the way and now she is going to retake her drivers test.
it is not up to the general public to say what is right or wrong.
people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time.
now need on so can all up.
my mother made some sandwiches and packed some fruits.
thank you for taking the time to read this
sitting on front of a screen can your health and also.
the first problem was when he came to the fork of sorts as he put it.
i urge you to use your computer less and exercise, see family, and enjoy nature.
come on did this change your mind yet now.
learning about new places can help broaden the mind about other spots in the world that can lead to a vacation.
i know with my heart and saw that my family means the world to me and everyone shown more time for each family member, not the computer!
if that were the case, nearly every book would be out of sight, but not out of mind.
in the evening we play cricket at the school playground.
music, however, can not be censored.
if any of the settings features affected the cyclist(which they all did) this had the biggest impact.
another reason is going to the library cause you send more money to fill up your gas tanks.
or after the two lovers share a special bond that should be kept private?
i stayed with him for long.
even though the hills added to the struggle he made it through.
it has come to my understanding that there is a dispute about the benefits of computers - should we have them and advance them, or not?
take an author like for example.
i know when i get bored i go on the computer and play a game called .
dear , you think computers help society?
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a message or major theme of the novel.
the cyclist comes to the first town but only finds yet again no water, and a picture of something that makes him more thirsty.
both great resources for talking with others.
water is the main thing he should have.
it just put your mind at ease.
have you ever had a book, movie, or magazine offend you?
all my friends were also invited.
she previously had a lot of home sickness, missing her grandmother and keepsakes from her child hood.
but there was mud everywhere.
where the cyclist rides can have a huge effect on the cyclist himself.
with a cellphone you have to buy the phone and pay the bill every month.
for example, certain religious books might offend people of other religions, but that does not mean that we should take them off the shelves.
some people just enjoy reading and others go to find information.
this can lead you to getting glasses or possibly going blind.
thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my paper.
but there is also the choice of books for research.
there are websites that have math games and school related things.
books are big, powerful, and a vast amount of information.
lastly, computers have just as many disadvantages as they do advantages.
however, those who find it offensive should be allowed to avoid it.
however, i also believe that certain age groups should not be allowed to have access to certain material.
my first reason was at the information on the internet.
but many of these great deals come from fake or illegal websites.
me for example i love working and playing on the computer.
making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier.
dear local newspaper, you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people?
the ending title fills the screen just before the two actors share a kiss and then the screen goes black.
the features of setting affect the author because it moves him dehydrated.
this quote i think shows very well that the author is creating a happy mood in his memoir.
i support advances in technology because in the future.
another description of his setting that probably affected his ability to peddle was when he states flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
that is the mood that showed in his memoir of his family.
well thus where same opinion i had about the computer.
libraries are for different people who want to learn and teach others about their newly obtained knowledge.
i shall never forget it.
i am not only going to say that books are most peoples main problem, but there are some movies, music,and magazines.
all this would do is cause problems for everybody and just make everything go bad.
many times you have already been exposed to the ideas prevalent in books in movies because those things are already in your life.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but some things should not be on the shelves for our kids and children to listen to and or watch.
as i was reading, i began to have a deep hatred of the main character.
if their the age of fourteen and up, then they can get a magazine.
this is the mood that i think this author created.
i know that personally i would not want someone to take away my favorite book so my child could not read it.
my mother has going for a week?s time, and i am managing the house now.
the author created a mood of happiness and love.
for example, some material in the library not be best for small children to read or view.
some book such as and are great to read for school assignments.
he was a tall frail looking man who commanded respect.
he remains busy the whole day.
many people see many different things.
i think they should make better songs for kids.
they could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey.
the cyclist is biking through deserts.
when and if this were to happen, people will not become educated with new available data.
speech on: the importance of games and sports
social networks such as and allow that.
dear , you believe people spend way to much that on computers?
clouds appeared in the sky.
thank you for your time.
this really how we want our future generations growing up, looking blankly at computer screens?
some people say that computers make you not be able to see while.
the kids of today, and tomorrow, know what is out there, and how to stop the minor .
remember that they are very good places to go to for information, to get books, or just to go somewhere quite.
but every one is created the same so treat people the way you wont to be treated.
another way mood is expressed is through his foreshadowing, showing kept the tradition going.
if you wanted to you could ask math questions as well, such as what is the square root of pi, and what is .
shows that the place is deserted.
he teach others how to live harmless lives.
so a student has a project due and the teacher wants it neat the computer will write the project neatly.
libraries are the place that people get introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be informed about this information.
so no need getting mad over it.
censorship in libraries should not be a big deal.
also, they have lost their abilities to interact in real life.
are coming in.
people never want to lose relationships.
the fact that he had little water left is demonstrated in the statement, the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
well, if you send her pics, or video chat over the web, you can!
while trying to please everyone, some people find some of the material offensive.
the reason why material from libraries should not be taken away is cause the kids can still find that stuff on the internet.
a computer is a great thing to have for all these things.
i am going to explain how the setting of the cyclist affected him.
censoring of media for kids should be the responsibility of the parents.
it gives people a chance to understand how the real world .
computers are and best way to do a project.
computers can your family too.
some people still say its not enough.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
it makes it seem like the younger generations can not handle it, or that past generations have something to hide.
if all you do is sit on the computer all day, your going to be someday.
but there are so many people who love to see technology advance, that they want movies to change.
coming from someone who does not particularly like reading.
the author goes on to say that it troubled him.
then, imagine that they snatch that book up, and you never see it again.
but, computers effect people the most.
students' freedom to read what they desire should be the policy of all schools and libraries
in one book that we read this year in my class was ' '.
they should also teach them the difference in what is acceptable and what is not acceptable.
the very last line says i will take that test again.
also if someone upload a virus into your they can take all of your personal information, like your social security number.
so this brings to my final that computers are a bad influence on human and we should use less of them and for ourselves by doing not seeing.
to show or emphasize that if the hibiscus, a plant reminding her of her home, can over then so can she.
yes books can give you tons of information, but not as much as the thousands of websites there are out there right this minute.
authors and artists of books, movies, and music have the freedom to put into them whatever they choose.
everyone has their own opinion, and what might seem offensive to you, be something that someone might want to know about.
lawyers have to be paid or else they will not work for you.
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?'
every one is going to disagree about something in there life time.
the writers of this were aware that freedom of creativity should not be held back from the people.
its all lost in some pile of papers.
dear newspaper , , more and more people in our proud and courageous country of have been.
dear : people are spending far to much time on computers.
we are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal.
i think computers are a great way to have fun.
the mood in this memoir was soft, with an exception.
technology helps and benefits us all in a good positive way.
yea they have their plus' and negatives hut computers are some what dangerous.
should just walk away from it.
these really do not need to be exposed to our young children because.
she thinks she will be ready to take the test when she sees the ducks again, and when the hibiscus begins to bud.
in our modern day people spend to time on computers.
should they be removed from the shelf if they are found offensive?
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
another thing that people believe is bad in libraries is the talking.
should find the good in computers and they could do for there.
in the morning, we boarded our school bus and left for the rock garden.
statistics state that grownups that use the computer at night feel more awake in the .
there were so many choices and options right at the tip of my fingers.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit the settings of the story affect the cyclist.
you should be with your family and and friends.
she then goes into a florist shop to purchase the plant.
the first way that it could help develop a smarter brain is reading a lot on the compute.
when, the ball goes right out of the parts!
some of the books in libraries have subjects like sex and drugs in them.
so next time you go to the library to research a book, stay at home do the same online.
it gives you a sense of how the family interacted and became one with the neighborhood.
computers can help people meet new people online.
he used several books to get information on the topic and i used the computer.
also the terrain he is riding is not the easiest.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
secondly not a lot of people will go to the library to look up information for a paper for a school.
in fact, many employers hire you based on your keyboarding skills, ones one is skilled enough they even teach themselves to type without looking at the keyboard.
however, i also think that the content in the school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students.
finally, you can understand the world around you.
the rates of squirrels to people in was in , the year the computer has invented.
on the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go.
guess what the libraries have some of these compact discs of these artists that are played on this radio station.
see what i mean, computers are some and also a positive part of society.
i think that everyone should have a change of reading any book they want to.
we can use different tools to set up a slide show while also looking up information on the internet.
they could choose to stay away from that sort of thing.
would we take the classics away?
everyone has a different opinion and taste to what they like or dislike.
do you have a favorite interaction website?
all you have to do is type the place you want and boom there it is.
families sometimes move far away from their families and friends, so they want to keep in contact.
comments avid user.
for example, ordering clothes and toys, but most popular is doing your taxes online.
friends & family start to know who you are less because you can' see emotion through a computer.
we do live in the land of the free, i think we can a little controversy over a book or magazine.
for example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer.
that also shows she will not forget her old home.
as the day grew on the sun was beginning to beat down he was beginning to drink lots of water but he was still confident and strong.
now where going to talk about bad things that computers do.
the man was very smart in this situation and knew what to do.
water is a valuable gift of nature.
parents should have enough sense to pay attention and thus, the problem is solved.
a misplaced pot could pour boiling water on the floor and cause a huge mess.
computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things.
the mood that the author in the memoir has created is a soft happy and mood.
the people writing the items are not making them so that they are just plain offensive, the way people take in information is the main factor.
computers is one of the technology that helps people.
they live by themselves.
this caused him to lose hope and at some points he thought he was going to die.
a computers makes it and it through a lack of information to just computer and find it faster.
they hear things from older siblings, see uncensored programs on television, hear words in music, and even learn things from books.
to me, that sounds crazy.
what do you do?
even though everyone has different opinions on what should stay and what should go, i do believe that there should be some censoring up to a certain point.
the reason i say this is because is important to spend as much time with family and friends instead of being on the computer .
now, it is just the click of a button away.
even if its just having a conversation do it, maybe it can show them that you really care.
my main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive they should simply avoid this book.
the hills were hard to climb and there were dangers all around such as poisonous snakes.
so honestly it cant be that bad.
i know people spend to much time in computers but to other people its not.
using these websites, people can have a higher education.
this is a positive effect for our country.
they assist us in everyday life, life and make difficult tasks simple.
if you needed to know some thing for a big report and none of your friends are up you can look up your computer.
computers is a great tool to use while you are doing your homework.
in my opinion i think that computers are a good thing.
are some good reasons why computers are good and help you.
computers have games for kids that help them learn, and, also, people learn new things, too.
this idea also relates back to the lack of exercise and naivety of people.
not many people would like to find something that seems to hurt or harm them in any way.
my grandmothers computer got a virus off of a website that website was .
i want you to understand all the benefits a computer provides.
in my own opinion i think that people should get less time on computers more time exercising, enjoying, nature, and interacting with family and friends.
is that the world we want for kids?
airports make for the government, and internet less people would travel.
if that was how things worked there would be nothing in the library for people to enjoy.
their are like people that are offensive and things that go on in our and your area were you live that are really offensive.
do you use the internet to help you?
books are there to help us become more educated and more open minded towards different thoughts and ideas.
now you can talk and see a person in video chat.
freedom of speech has been around almost since the beginning of this nation.
but if we ever repeated that word while not reading it we would get sent down to the office.
would you rather get a good nights rest or be extra tired in the morning because you stayed up too late on the computer?
plus people need family.
all low lying areas had knee deep water.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
heart disease is the number one cause of death in the .
so i believe that books are more reliable.
all of paragraph is about how grateful he is to his parents.
not getting work done is not the problem.
in conclusion i think computers have a good effect on people.
the cyclist was so set on seeing cool, piney trees and lakes, that when he saw dirt, snake, and no source of civilization worried him.
all you have to do for that is go on the compute and look it up.
young boys are snagged early, their futures now controlled by this disease.
people do not find the same things offensive, so taking material off the shelves would not be the right way to deal with this issue.
kids spend to much time on computers.
in do not exceed posted speed limit, a cyclist follows some bad advice, which leads him on a tough ride through the desert with little water.
think about the situation that you might come across and can be offensive to you.
we choose that life style for our children so we cant really blame the music and the movies.
probably angry or upset.
i was informed by the parents that their children would never get time to play.
different people have different hobbies.
he says he had an overwhelming urge to seek out , kiss them and buy some bait.
i know that a ton of people are going to disagree with me when they read this but, i think technology is ruining some peoples lives.
without computers life would be ten times harder for people in this world.
by using censorship you are sheltering the world.
this made him happy because he knew his parents loved him and would do anything for him.
why ' the librarians put restrictions on the sites?
though troubling, he still had the confidence that he could continue.
when it became dark and we returned to our homes.
statistics show that around of children under years of age are obese.
another benefit from the computer is that it is great for organizing things.
what makes you think you should get any special treatment?'
there is not one single thing that proves that.
cars and other machines were built by computers which supplied the blueprints.
if you have a school assignment in write a paper on someone famous, you can research them on the computer for a quick way to get information.
this memoir, to me, was like taking a list of things and putting them into a full paper.
more people get offended by lesser things now.
some people find bad language and themes offensive, while others find that it gives freedom to the artist or author.
computers have a very positive effect on people.
the cyclist says about forty miles into the pedal, i arrived at the first town.
a third way the cyclist was affected was was when he went inside the bait shop and cooled down.
i would also say knowing some things are good, but be careful of knowing too much.
this affected him because it slowed him down, i know this because in the story it said rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit.
there are many things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
once churchill’s secretary reached office late by five minutes.
please read on about how we will go computer dead.
the mood in this memoir is very happy and uplifting.
she wants to start over.
are you wrong if you say you want censorship in the library?
they also augment the information i use.
her parents always kept their arms and their door open.
i believe that certain materials that seem offensive to certain people should stay on the shelves.
the last paragraph helps the reader realize how much the plant means to the girl, its significance.
so, i plucked up courage and started learning again.
these are a lot of people that use the computer in a good way and use it for things that it can actually be used for.
also getting rid of the computer can stop the homosexuals from getting a hold of kids by acting their age.
the more people feel home bond the more they will come.
if you go on the internet you can find many pictures of any thing you want.
everything that we see, hear, and read is censored.
we should have milk every day.
overall, i believe that computers area a great resource to human kind and will be used for more and more things in a few years.
the terrain changes to short, rolling hills from flat land causing the cyclist to push herself to get the next town to get water.
all this things factor in.
i much rather see kids outside playing.
the computer has put a positive affect on numerous people and their everyday need.
he stop going school, he gaining.
then you never know what there parents wanted them to know at a young age like that.
my third reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches people hand and eye coordination.
i have written in response to the letter sent to me on the topic of electronics.
so, i would say that spending less time on the computer would be beneficial to our community.
instead, libraries should be divided into sections based on topics.
by censoring the speech of authors, their rights have been denied.
the author shows that his close relationships of his neighborhood and all his friendships.
it is taking away the knowledge for our children.
he stops at a water pump, water comes out but it is really not cool.
bookish knowledge is theoretical.
dear , you think computer have a positive or negative affect on people?
they also help things go faster.
the features in the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
they should have a a good development turds learning.
computers can do more harm than good.
only certain people can agree on something offensive.
computers though not only cause safety issues, but health issues also.
should books, magazines, music, and movies be removed from shelves, if found offensive?
this problem can be easily fixed with removing that issue.
most of the magazines talk about beauty and fashion tips.
yesterday, i went to my local library and found computers in the library.
it might just start a revolution
this also means that there are smaller incisions being made, so that means a faster recovery.
you can even fill out a job application right then and there.
children today are exposed to more explicit topics, but i doubt they would want to read a book about them.
instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them.
they would not have to worry about their child or teenager finding reading material that is inappropriate or offensive.
sometimes in order to grow and live in this world children need to read and see the things we as people but in books and movies
so you should really be consider judging the skills of the computer they really do help in life.
when he sees the corral and the rusty pumps, he becomes discouraged and begins to notice his tiredness and thirst.
such as moving away from her homeland and having to plant all new plants.
they know some citizens are against that content.
it can help you find long lost family.
computers are one of the best ways to keep in touch.
there are so many good websites that you can go on like .
it keeps them going on a regular day basis.
first, libraries are a good source of information.
take twitter as a example.
twilight shows the softer side of love and that anyone can be happy if they set their hearts on someone.
the would make him become thirsty.
both books use the word to convey the tone.
in my opinion, computers are a thing for our everyday lives.
for some reason everyone wants to demoralize people, and that is where i think it the .
they will be happier, trust me.
also, having computers in the classroom helps so that teachers can get the info they need for an upcoming class.
books, songs, magazines, and movies all have purposes as to why they were created.
there are books and magazines you can read at anytime you want.
i hope i will at least be half a perfectionist, as he is.
should certain books and magazines be removed from the shelves if found offensive ?
then parents will have so hard time calling their kids to go eat or to go to sleep.
the times do go outside is for simple tasks such as taking out the trash.
we will not learn the new ideas that authors put out there for us if people just keep getting offended and taking them off the shelves.
i think this censorship issue is a prime example of that.
which means they will most likely stay back.
people need to interact with other people and the internet is a fantastic place to do that.
to most people they are going to want to take those kinds of books off of the shelf.
he considered his neighbors his family.
they make the hearts of the people melt.
dear newspaper, in our town, more people are on the computer each day.
he had been drinking his water regularly and would be running out.
the average adolescent only spend ten minutes a week exercising not including gym.
if you think about it, each and every one of those billion minds thinks differently.
the cyclist makes this statement.
if parents do not want their child to read something then just tell the teacher or child that they cannot read the book.
no, i would not think it would be the right thing to do.
people who use the computer too much lose friends and became separated from their families.
in case we get lost on the roads the computer can us get to out location.
online people usually go for a jog around the neighborhood.
this would make it more difficult for the author because he would have to use more energy to move up the hill.
but how do you know if people are who they seem to be?
in some aspects the experts are right.
and just because the topic of the reading material offensives them does not mean you can take away the writers material.
removing books means taking away history from them.
in order for more people to maintain healthy, there needs to be a lot of .
at times they are brutally crippled, made lame, blind etc.
censorship in a library should not be allowed.
another factor of the setting that affected the cyclist was the terrain.
we learn much more on the computer because it has a lot of facts.
the population of india has increased at an alarming rate after independence.
if there is a bad book just go to a different section in the library.
i hope that by reading this, you can now see some of the many uses of computers.
plus, websites and some applications are dangerous.
in conclusion, the web is used for researching.
no, i do not think they should take anything off the shelf.
my attitude will go farm.
nearly eight feet high.
it is now or never friends out there to work together on cutting down on how much we use the computer.
for example my dad works for and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world.
when you go to a library you should be able to go their and get whatever genre that you want and their be no restrictions.
another advancement computer technology has developed is picture sharing.
he entertains the people.
i know that a lot of people like to be outside when its a nice sunny day.
i mean in sounds corny but can happen.
look for the good in situations.
time parents told me we were going to for the day.
they should be locked up.
from my humble opinion some parents are very strict about censorship and i completely understand the parents point of view.
last of all, censorship can also be a good thing in some circumstances.
the internet a powerful weapon, but can teens handle this kind of power?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because there is mo water, hills, and deserts.
that game sharpens your skill and exercises your brain.
is grateful for all the things his parents did for him and everyone else.
people have a right to read, listen to, and watch what they feel is good for them.
i am clearly in favor of owning and using computers.
so instead i just jumped on my computer but not really jump on but any way so i went on the and guess what!
so should these materials that open up doors to new minds sets, and feelings such as books, music, magazines, and movies be censored?
says, ' look i was only kidding with the girl, she needs to learn how to take a joke.'
whether you are doing work or things for pleasure.
computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them.
he is a link between friend and realties.
computers definitely have good effects on people!
this being said why should public libraries be okay with stocking this material.
books deserve the chance to be enjoyed like they were meant to be enjoyed and if they are censored that chance is gone.
censoring material would be like telling a reader that their opinions were not as important as those of the people who found it offensive.
they should be able to explore however they desire.
also, she is thankful because she started to realize how hard her mom and dad had to work for the house and put food on the table.
as he rode he started to get tired slowly and he got work and more thirsty.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
there are a variety of applications that you choose from, and they are all easy to use.
i have many friends.
libraries are usually pretty good at sorting things.
so i logged into my laptop and went on google, within seconds the definitions wore popping onto my screen like pop rocks.
those people wrote the books, movies, magazines, and music so it should be expressed the way they wanted it to be.
also the little kids has to small of ear to hear and also to small of eyes to even see the words in the book like that.
you are exercising your fingers.
well, i know i have.
only adults could watch.
the material also should be removed if it is offending someones race.
the second reason why i think using a computer is good is because some jobs you have to apply by computer.
you cant get a healthy meal if you eat chips & candy for hours.
some people disagree, and say that computers help children who are in school.
the mood, to put it in general terms, is happy.
but if everyone were to start thinking like this all morals would be forgotten.
all of your hard work will be turned into ash, but if it was on the computer you be able to retrieve it.
dear, i think the use of computers are good, here are some reasons why?
it is obvious that the author feels very strongly about the good relationships his family had with the other immigrants around them.
this just shows that computers and other technology are effecting families around the country by making them overweight and.
also, the benefits of , or personal computers, are too large and helpful to pass up.
it just makes you think about your family and all they do for you.
it could be a section that kids could not enter.
a,,, and ,,, and colon(;).
find locations to where the live.
libraries have all kinds of information.
at that point there would be no turning back.
everyone is different and has their own beliefs and understandings.
there were scenes involving women that i did not understand, and many new words.
every person takes a different look at what a story says, just as every age group comprehends the message that passages give differently.
computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, it sucks the life cut of you.
another reason is that you can communicate online for free.
at the same time though many of these books do contain curse words, some sexual scenes, partying, drinking, and doing drugs.
the cyclist surrounds did have an affect.
when your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone.
we would have less conflict, less deaths ,and better lives that are enriched, not corrupted , with quality media.
the heat made him drink more so he ran out of water more quickly.
also the library really needs to look at the material and decide if it is appropriate for all the readers that look at the material.
some of these books present great learning opportunities to students.
there are all kinds of different genre of music.
dear newspaper, has an essay due on plants for science tomorrow.
parents like to protect their children from harms way and bring them up as fine citizens of .
it is the same idea with a book or magazine.
because of the computer we can talk to them whenever or email a video of our big event.
without computers our society would not be so far advanced.
as the geese and the hibiscus overcome it, so will she.
then talks about delicious foods and great music.
people make decisions.
the mood created by the memoir is very explicit.
i know that libraries were created to be information!
i am saying this because that will helps us with all the work we do for school.
my view opposes the open distribution of certain newspaper articles.
they do not understand that what they do not be a good thing.
it puts them, and their whole family in danger.
a while later, the cyclist comes across another abandoned set of buildings.
he seems to have not really planned how long the ride would be and how to conserve water.
one way is for school.
magazines can also be found offensive to a lot of people.
it can be a phrase that an author uses or the name of a song.
well, i from personal experience, my social studies teacher always likes you to type your final draft.
therefore on one full moon day, he abandoned his family.
hardly anyone goes out in exercise, or to enjoy nature.
dear , is your opinion on computers?
there are more reasons how people are being affected by computers, but these are the most common.
then i hate falsehood.
in conclusion i think the computer makes the world that much easier.
they do not have any worries.
secondly, it made me feel loving to my loved ones like my family and friends.
also people need to remember that this is a free country, and everyone has freedom of speech.
people also can learn to have a personality because they in use.
as he continues he sees a snake which he could swear was a diamond back so he slowly goes by out.
that shows her important computers are and how convenient.
for example, the internet has many websites that keep people in touch.
music and movies have ratings which tell you how strong the language is on the cases.
all of those resources can either help graphing results for science class or even typing up a paper for .
dear , i am writing you this letter to give you my opinion on computer use.
now jaipur was in sight.
there are many bad things that result from computers.
but who has time to go to the library and spend hours searching for an answer that would take a matter of seconds to find on the computer?
some people, like myself, even have friends from different countries!
computers have a really positive effect on jobs in our society, which is a good thing for our economy!
we cannot even describe what is lost, for the knowledge has vanished.
the setting affected the cyclist a lot.
, computers are so advanced were you can talk to friends who are faraway.
this means when they are in the airport waiting for their plane, they can just play a game or watch some television.
this is a feeling of gratefulness because of the parents.
without books, movies, and music, what would the world be like today?
an example of some offensive music is the ' ' music, meaning the music with all types of different profanity.
(paragraph ).
so how can people still think computers are good?
there are some people who want to express their feelings with the whole world with people that understand and agree with what they feel.
it can be inferred that he meant they was obviously out of date when across directions since the ones they gave him were not correct.
action songs were sung.
it is very dry and hot out there but
in conclusion, you can see the negative effect computers have on people.
also instead of lugging your text books from school to home and back, we can use online textbooks.
although many people think that a certain book is appropriate, others disagree.
when he reaches the end, however he finds water.
lincoln is regarded as the greatest american president.
offensive entering a you know your are going to find something interesting to read,listen to, or even watch.
another reason that a computer benefits society is ways to keep in contact with family and friends if they live to far away.
present age is an age of advertisement and hoardings.
exercise is highly stressed by doctors around the globe and the only exercise a computer addict will be doing is typing up a storm.
so, essentially, by censoring works in libraries we are holding back the future generations from all that they could be.
all libraries are broken down in sections.
i believe that there should be a little censorship in libraries.
the abandoned grape juice factory is also a let down for the cyclists mental state.
like talk to friends, look up info and teach skills.
most of what i would take off the shelf would have to be about people being racist agents another person or people.
this is similar to the way a parent has their children eat healthy food instead of junk as they are growing up.
no one can blame the authors.
the freedom of speech, and religion, and even what type of movies you want to watch.
he has to work under scorching sun and pouring rains.
in the memoir it talks about making a house a home and a community, your family.
i own a very good map.
its proven that students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well.
first you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard.
the computer is very smart and is probably the best technology invented.
this whole journey was all mental.
lastly, finding information, is so easy with a .
not only does a computer teach me about current events, it also helps me in my daily life.
the author of this memoir creates a warm, loving, lively and festive mood as he describes his home.
however, all you can find are those generic articles in old books.
people offensive by libraries i think that libraries are sometimes offensive,but not all the time.
sure, there are cellphones and other helpful electronics, but they always prove trustworthy?
oftentimes, once he comes to power, he is not the most popular of governmental forms.
also, if a family is thinking about going somewhere for a vacation, they can take care of most of the help on the computer.
people are wanting to know why there is so much killing and hate in the world today.
he took some taste of it.
the mood of this memoir is relaxed, happiness and thankfulness.
in all, i believe that everybody should have the ability acquire whatever material they want from a library.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
health your social life, and also your education.
first, kids and even adults can talk to there friends online.
i hope you agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
i understand the idea of warning labels, but i feel that censorship is too far.
dear, play a big role in our world today.
internet gaming is very amusing and you can find many good games for free.
i think the overall mood created by the author, is comfort.
first the computer helps people know about what happen with people in other islands.
like not letting us dive are cars for stuff.
hopefully i have persuaded you that no book should be censored and everyone has the right to read what they want
another reason why i believe censorship is wrong is; different people have completely different opinions on things.
that is just a few way that setting could harm you.
to whom it concern; i am writing this to let you know how i feel about the effects computers have on people.
if these books are so horrible than why would people still be writing them?
that is enough to bring hope to someone who has failed and wants another chance.
this kept us active and enjoy the environment.
as grew up there were temptations to do the wrong thing morally all around him.
and then we have no book left on the self for any of us.'
still to this day there is segregation to all people not just against races but in our own race itself.
when they are out with their family they think of their computer.
the spring season will come and new life will be provided to all.
how is this helpful?
they get threatening emails.
if everybody spent less hour on the computer, they could save off their electric bill.
when i went to for a vacation, i learned about the differences in traditions and culture.
dear , is it safe to draw the line on what kids should or should not see as far as the world is concerned.
computers are a large factor in obesity because they encourage to sit around instead of doing standard minutes a day of exercise.
because those things are important for everybody whether you read or not.
people need to know the true meaning of what is being said.
if a high majority of people want a particular material banned, then it is hard to ignore them.
when you type a paper for school, you go to spell check and then you know everything is correct.
this absolutely benefits society.
the hills also affected the cyclist by making him tired.
when the kids are grown, they decide for themselves food to eat.
in my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in.
music will always be out there.
but i think on people with computer such as talking to people who you cant see, looking up information gives people something to do.
the setting of a place puts pressure of the reality of what will happen on a cyclist.
you ' feel like moving back to reality which do you prefer?
in the we have the freedom of speech and press.
very little people like being with the same sex.
cow comes next.
so she could possibly pass out without brake, and the hot temperatures.
for instance, when i was younger, i watched the movie '.'
another thing libraries need to watch are magazines.
through this shortcut are hills and heat and lack of water.
do activities keep you mind off things?
if the parents started to censor these materials early on this debate would not be going on as it is.
should materials, such as books, music, movies, or magazines be removed from the shelves if they are offensive?
when she says the test she means the ability to cope with the loss of her grandmother and homeland, and overcome it.
she says, here let me help you mother.
everyone is going to have their own views and beliefs.
these concepts exist in the world and censoring them will not make them disappear.
lastly, computers are like vampires, sucking away your money.
limiting our libraries shelves is unthinkable.
seven out of ten teenagers rather be inside in the computer talking to people rather then meeting new people elsewhere.
books that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
even then students get tired quick and get out of breathe because they are lazy and always on the computer.
so when i get out of school and i had a very long day.
all of this is possible and much quicker then watching the news or weather channel.
computers have so much information that the news paper in the future will no longer be known.
native plants of her home.
the cyclist is very discouraged by the dry and hot settings around him.
people should have a right to listen, read, and watch whatever they want.
the rainy days that follow are a blessing.
the books could be a school assignment.
on the internet, there are many video tutorials that teach people different skills for free.
dear , i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people because, you could get obsessed with the computer.
computers can also help us in school.
you can also look for information on videos.
people who think that the books in libraries should be censored, are fools.
children can be easily hurt.
the reason i think that they should stay on the shelf is because it might interest some of the people that read them.
you can actually hear their voice and know its them on the other line!
computers are a good thing to have because you can learn information.
i strongly disagree that books should be removed if they are found offensive to a specific group, person, or community.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
i was able to let them know a matter of seconds.
that is exactly why the offensive things should stay in the library.
what do you do?
not because was gay, but because had never told me.
by censoring what people read that is in a way taking away that author right to speak.
a doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people.
i think they have a horrible effect on people.
i believe that materials such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves from children, if they are found offensive.
technology advances people are opened up to many possibilities suck information via the web unlimited socialization and simulations.
as adults, you should know how much obesity matters.
you can search any topic and learn more about it.
people can find the most innocent things offensive.
did you know that of students rather use the internet book then taking the actual one home.
if you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well soon.
without computers it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily.
she found comfort with nature after she went and bought a plant.
if one finds a book offensive, look in a different section.
would have died.
this is what i think the authors mood is in the memoir.
the first town the cyclist came to was like a ghost town because there was nobody was there.
if you were to write a book and somebody says you cant put a certain word.
several parts of this work emphasize this mood.
plus, all she had was a map, her bike and an empty water bottle.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can learn about places you want to visit this .
they do not have to take it out on certain authors just because they did not enjoy what other people might.
i believe the author ended the story with that paragraph to create a sense of wonder.
he knew that the move would have to be a big sacrifice for his parents to do so he thanks them often.
their behavior is very controversial and the show itself has been forced to ban a few of their episodes for safety reasons.
computers are so advanced now, that they have webcams; were you can visually see the person your contacting right into the computer.
but this is what i think is right
these are poetry, music, excursions, meeting people and reading thought provoking books and magazines.
dear , in my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people.
in the summer time it is extremely hot.
in the book of it says, gave many people over to their sinful passions.
she took this plant and looked at it as a memory and a passage of time.
obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility!
video games also require parental consent depending on the rating of the game.
the setting was effecting his mood.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
putting censorship on those things would be a good thing because there are materials that are not good for small children to read or hear or watch.
if books were being judged on appropriateness then many authors would not be able to write the novels and literature that they do now.
the more books that are removed from the library, the less people will know about the subject.
computers are making people shut out their families.
so you just never know what the artist of the song is going to do with his music.
if they wanted to have free time to go and read magazines, they should do at home.
her white gown made her look like an angel.
if you find a book to be offensive, you can simply stop reading the book.
who reads this?
you be doing work or chatting with a friend, but your also just sitting their.
to that i said well can i still use the computers there to get information.
if materials are censored how can anyone learn?
in many stories the narrator uses a dramatic yet conclusive statement to end the story.
also what a lot of people like about computers is the games.
computers update you on world news.
over of have old friends of family out of the state that they would still like to keep in touch with.
anything else, should be open to all ages.
bring down all that is bad!
i know i would!
that is why i agree with computers give you benefits.
kids today need to be able to read what they want, to open up their minds to new ideas and ways of life.
maybe, but all depends on who you are and angers you.
most libraries have children sections.
the prides itself on that children are the future, well, why not put in the effort to prevent the from seeing what the see or read?
especially kids should be outside playing and exercising.
you can also learn or read the news that your missing.
she is saying when the hibiscus returns, she will be ready to take the test again and not fail it.
life comes with problems and we have to learn to deal with them.
you how useful a computer can do.
so once she checked it out, she watched it with her parents and saw some uneasy sections during this movie.
libraries should not take certain books, movies, and magazines away that some people find offensive.
when someone spends months or even years on writing a story, they hope that they can get it published and be rewarded for their long, hard work.
these boxes can be harmful to their users' eyes.
furthermore, computers help talk with other people.
everything we see now a days is run by or has a computer.
she advises them to work hard and study.
most important a library is a place that you should not get offended in by what some one looks up, checks out or even says.
for example, how fast can you complete all of these multiplication problems or division problems.
libraries have rated movies.
you can look up certain workouts that you might want to do.
if book were to be removed from libraries, people would miss a story that they might connect with.
there is one, count that, one situation where i feel censorship is necessary.
i wonder why people disagree, and i hope that after reading this, you will too.
it is like removing something just because one person does not like it.
if you have a child who likes to run up the phone bill because they like to talk to their friends just tell them to use a computer!
which in turn will allow them to get over their fears and let them travel to places.
some movies have a lot of cursing in them but that does not make it a bad movie.
did you ever think about why students read what they are ready now?
books, movies, magazines, and music are a part of every country in the world today.
that could waste a lot of time.
he is agitated by this, makes a significant dent in his water supply, and unfortunately continues.
i do not believe victims of abuse no matter what degree should have to read about that subject in a book they thought they were reading for leisure.
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
children living on their own.
to begin, the as the cyclist rode on for the first miles, he did not see anything in sight.
all these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
statistics show that out of people say tennis have actually made them more confident.
for example, the setting has no thing for miles.
many authors will put an age level on their books, like fourteen and older.
next you should post this out on you news paper.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
going outside is better for you to.
thanks to computers, i received an a on my report.
they give you bad ones to careful when your on a computer.
napoleon once said that history is a story written by the victor, but is victory so sweet after our history has been rewritten?
the mood created by the author in this memoir is happy and loving.
i believe that computers have a great effect on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go on school websites and use search engines.
there is also some magazines that just talk drama and criticize famous people.
if your on the computer for hr.
the plants she grew up with exist in the as well.
in your right ear.
everyone in this world is different from the next person.
with out any doubt, there is offensive material printed on numerous pages spread through out the thousands of books and magazines a library holds.
to finish with this shows she will try season after season just like geese come back every year.
this is how i grew up.
writing letters is to slow, on computer the other person your talking to can reply immediately.
anything you can get on any other technologies.
certain material that are made to offend people should be removed from shelves everywhere.
of stuff it sucks people in but some cant get out.
if a material offends one person, is that sufficient enough to exclude it, or do you need a larger group?
i know personally that it has help us.
people depend on computers for their scheduling and keeping in touch with everyone that they know.
it is also hard to get used to climate change, and learning another language.
another reason is your kids will be able to talk to there friends faster than mail as well.
money is not available these days to just travel to different countries and experience their culture.
books are another way of learning as well, they all are not bad for the younger or whosoever it be.
using computers helps society.
dear newspaper, do do when need to write a report?
if a book has a few curse words oh well, tell your kids to stay away from it if you think its bad.
we should not cut them down.
some students play different games in the playground.
i disagree with that opinion.
most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport.
many people either in school or in the work field will most likely need to research something to get a better understanding.
i do not think other people who actually enjoy reading and listening to that stuff, if they are happy then so be it then they are happy.
this is why it should stop it hurting are environment people are becoming lazy.
i do agree that people have freedom of speech, but not over everything.
some say that the censorship of culture is protecting the children, but i say that this is not so.
to start, computers are loaded with viruses, scams and internet predators.
everyone has a right to their own opinion.
in letter, i will explain.
another way libraries can help is put the movies in a certain section.
they are the ones who he eats with, plays with and etc.
you will parish!
if it is cold outside or raining you can still entertain yourself with just a computer.
with that being the case friends make friends now without even knowing that person with full understanding.
that is why i think the computer is .
in my opinion, censorship of literature has crossed the line.
he has no proper place to live.
another feature of the setting that affects him is the people that gave him directions.
dear, local newspaper, you like computers?
dear local newspaper, has come to my attention that computers have positive and negative effects on people.
we can not take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways.
not only is it students but most people get news from the internet.
lots of people find many pleasures to watching offensive things.
these sites give people a chance to find with old friends.
so thanks for letting me help you with your decision.
shows that without a right to , society is reduced to very simple, uneducated creatures.
i have many reasons for this belief, but the three most important are going to be stated.
unfortunately, it is not always easy to cater to every single persons individual takes on the world.
maybe a near death experience causes someone to write a book.
stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations.
what would our forefathers think of what censorship has become?
the internet makes that research very easy, as you access to any time!
libraries are a resource to people that want to read and learn about new things.
this shows that if family or friends needed help they were there for them.
my mother, and pretty much the entire found it very offensive.
that is my opinion on computers.
people who things and world famous people from back then compared to famous people now.
when he talks about the love of culinary skills and cooking which is still with him today it creates a solemn mood that sets the tone of the story.
the mood given by the author in this memoir is happiness.
that is why i think computers are a great exercise for your well being and personality.
well, as some find out it is everything but that.
many parents would call the school and explain what happened and complain about banning this book and taking it away from children that could get this book.
due to the increase in building house more masons are required to build those houses.
cyclist know that there is no water in this place which is another feature of the setting which affects the cyclist.
he takes me around the farm.
it showed his small house and family and their interests and how they all acted together.
it is obvious that more & more people are having problems with eyes everyday.
it is our constitutional right to write and read the books we choose.
you can go there to learn and to do research if you have to write a paper.
they can learn and even interact with.
so i think that just taking it off the shelf would be a bad chose for this.
in these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades buy towers.
first of all, computers are a big source of knowledge.
a computer many family thing.
i mean i find it offensive, but how is everyone else going to see if it is or not, if you take it off the shelf?
by censuring what children are reading or listening to is a way to make them be children.
for example, my library has three different kinds of library cards.
helped the world to change in better way.
or even bad.
also, make sure you eat well, food provides a lot of energy.
being with your family can make your bond between each other stronger and you can get along with each other better.
if you can read you can do anything , you could be the one to run to whole world one day if you read things right.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
usually brings a picture to my mind of a very dry, hot place.
this problem needs to stop and be addressed by the police.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
another thing a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything.
located in paragraph .
even though the narrator buys the plant in sadness, after she fails her driving test and is missing her home, it is still a symbol of hope.
one example on why this sort of aspect on whether or not inappropriate material should be removed are the comic books called ' tales' or ' the '.
the third effect computers have on people are it gives you something to do.
i have one because i like to chat with my friends.
for the ones who do accept it, you can tell they are open minded.
it usually does it in the morning, when the first rays of the sun appear.
the book still will be censored to be in that section or not, but we still will have those wonderful books that we all love so much.
now think if it how many do you see your kid on it?
that one thing being, pieces of are taken away because of their offensiveness.
the world has changed and books should too.
it usually varies.
take this for example.
there was eventually nothing.
this is a hard question to ask.
he loved where he came from.
and i will show you why.
one way to get rid of this problem is censorship, or taking a specific book out of the hands of the public.
it should be held in a separate area if people do not wish to view this material they simply do not go in that area.
coordination can be very hand for some people, and this can be a problem.
the library would then become a place for mostly children.
there are a lot of fun things you can do outside like climb a tree or going fruit picking.
all of this is a symbol of a new beginning for her.
while some books are censored because of shame, some are censored because a certain group of people find it offensive.
this way information is never censored completely.
when this little piece of home gets bigger then she will try again.
do you remember the last time you locked something up on the computer?
the cyclist was riding rough terrain and rolling hills.
thus being said, i believe that they should try to keep certain offensive material to a minimum.
another, more famous book that was banned from school libraries is the in the , by , which is a coming of age story about a boy.
you can find articles on anything happening right at that moment or a couple days before.
the best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”
if you are at a library and you see something inappropriate tell the librarian and see if they will censor the material in question.
libraries are community centers.
that would be a waste of time and money.
would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen?
lastly, businesses would not run well without a computer.
lastly, it distracts kids from household chores.
what the owner of a library will try to do is to put a little bit of everything in it.
which could cause him to lose the will to carry on.
for example, if you have a history project, and you need to know about china, you can use the computer.
but, some times it is used in the wrong way, .
allowing our culture to become way can lead to various sorts of problems, as we have seen all to well.
lastly, the cyclist was in the middle of nowhere.
i think this because they talk mainly about the good thing in their childhood.
you can easily find the details and information you need.
if we remove a certain item from the library then we would loose a certain amount of people.
the simplest solution though is to just leave the offensive item alone.
thank you for listening to what i had to say
lastly in paragraph , he mention the terrain changes to gently rolling hills.
but the parents did make it to the united states.
i can see how it could be hard, having to purchase these computers at prices as high as each.
such as, stuff from anther culture or maybe something from a different religion.
then she will have successfully adapted.
stopping all that creativity from our author is tough and cruel.
truth is, someone, somewhere is going to take offense to the items in most libraries; you can never please everyone.
people all around the world use them, from to , to to , they are being used.
i love to be in the computer all day because i always enter to and talk online.
but even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us.
having a section in the library from which only adults can rent the items, would remove this problem.
that is why at a given point in time, some part of world experience summer and some winter.
the people we have sent to they have a family here and i have heard of them using computers to talk to them because they miss them.
and watch movies.
that is, until he found out about the chat rooms and virtual worlds on the internet.
computers occupy so much valuable time that could be used for other, more important matters.
on of all of that, you enjoy by talking to your friends and family.
children that are not in school or in the early stages of school.
to our whole life, we will have to interact and socialize with others.
that is what makes this country great.
if you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night.
have you ever wished that no one else will ever have to read it?
i am sure that a person could figure out something offensive about any book.
the child started dancing with the fairies.
the parents on the other hand, might not have wanted their child to know about the topic at such a young age.
maybe in the future there will be a way to go on the computer but be active to.
no worries the person no contact you by a simple email.
internet goes beyond teenagers on and .
this includes the earthquake.
for example, i used to go to an awesome camp and i made same of my best friends there.
in this writing my goal was accomplished; i wanted to let everyone know that the whole thing is getting a little out of hand.
since they all can be found, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
within seconds screen was with real and edited pictures of the flag.
think about a gun battle scene of a movie or a death in a book.
a great way to learn about other states.
the mood in the memoir is very happy.
after about miles on the cold, his life was getting low, and he came to his second abundant place.
your wasting your time on the computers!
well they should know that it can harm there kids and it can also teach there young kids bad stuff.
in the he tries out for baseball.
the fact that they put these things in a library shocks me greatly.
there will always be many more books there to look at.
when surveyed, of people agreed that they talk to relatives from other places on the computer.
we are letting the children of grow up to fast and introducing them to things way to early.
the memory still haunts me.
also, is another website that helps us study for vocab.
as a solution, i believe it true that it is not possible to please everyone.
in conclusion this is how the mood creates the author.
however it is also very foul.
new advancements in technology in general take away from our lives negatively.
if your ever trouble on something you could always look up information about it.
they can play hitting games, shooting games, and even board games.
in conclusion i would say that materials that can be offensive to anyone of any age, should be taken out of libraries.
in conclusion, eliminating books is not a good idea because of how beneficial they are to us all, especially children.
not only the people blood related to your is your family but also friends and anyone close to you.
clearly, the features of the setting did greatly impact the cyclist.
the absence of people makes him feel stressed and worried about his journey.
on the other hand public libraries are under state and city law they should not be able to show adult things to children.
offensive music in my house is considered music with curse words in the lyrics.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about you family.
what happened to it?
on the internet alone you can view your school textbook.
the computer helps the world.
i return home at two p.m. and then take my lunch.
on my desktop computer at home.
sit on your back pond and go bird watching.
because theirs always some one out their that likes that one book that you might want to throw away.
whether it be in writing, singing, or pictures, you know there is always someone going to do something inappropriate.
dear local newspaper, i has come to my attention that many of us disagree on weather computers have a negative or positive effect on people.
this a important skill because it helps with physical movements, using your hands for example.
the novel also contains multiple references to sexual situations.
some things be considered inappropriate as many things are, but at the same time each person has their own limits to this.
it could change does lifestyle dramatically.
for example, is a helpful website to learn who they really were in life, were they fight in a war.
the internet is a great way to learn about different places in the world.
this is the kind of violence children read about all around the .
i think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on the computers.
loves his parents for the sacrifice they made for him.
anyone who can sacrifice like that for the better life of their family is a good person.
i believe that the media such as music, magazines, and movies set a high bar for the individuals in our society.
it is understandable that young children should not read or be associated with these kind of materials such as: books, magazines, poems, movies, songs.
so most children movies and books are appropriate, and do not include content that children are not quite ready to handle.
not all kids like to read romantic or action books.
i eased past, to
i have found that things have been removed from your shelves due to its content.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because it is a dessert.
while he is experiencing these things he feels like he is going to die and feels like giving up.
dear of the local newspaper: students are promoted to higher grade levels, more teachers will require research papers.
chat and see them.
some parents censor what their kids read and watch,and some do not.
this quote is saying she will rise to her challenge, and overcome it.
finally, we are able to talk online with people that just be across town or across the ocean.
people would be to similar and have little to no differences to themselves from others.
those book also have bad language in them to.
computers are essential to our culture.
how would you feel if that was to happen to you.
one example of this is that there are chat rooms or groups people can join.
and you can take online classes.
if we were to take down all of the movies that are offensive to a person all the movies would be taken off.
should a library be able to remove a book or a movie from its shelves if someone happens to find it offensive?
so now think, would you want to be lonely, overweight, and deprived of nature?
some of these books have historical meanings behind them.
books, music, and other offensive stuff in libraries are minor compared to the internet.
the terrain was long and straight then turned into tall hills which had to be difficult to ride.
now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored.
missed each other until i turned and was invented.
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us.'
this could result in a huge confrontation.
first of all he rides into barren land.
if you take those away its like your trying to hold people back from education and knowledge that they have in books.
it has made our society different in many ways.
parents can censor what their children watch, and adults have the ability to make their own decisions about this topic.
they would not even let me listen to this one band because they had a song out about this girls husband having an affair on her.
you have the freedom to pick out the book.
they use words that should not be heard by certain people and especially certain ages.
, the computer to me is very beneficial.
every-one likes to drink orange juice.
they agree this by saying that work gets done so much easier and faster on a computer.
they teach hand eye coordination, give people to learn about faraway places and people can you actually believe some people say otherwise?
we have to put an end to it or find some source of censorship for these library resources.
also you can shop its a birth day of you can get gifts for a very low price ever !!!
they can be used as a valuable learning tool, help communication, and teach skills that will be used for life.
so, libraries should not have to take away any sort of material that might be offensive to the public.
the books, music an movies in this section are cartoons an animals.
it gives me joy and happiness.
each day, more kids are getting addicted to the computer.
all through out the story he ran into many problems or obstacles but overcame them very well.
he is every inch a gentle man.
it all just depends on the family.
the mood that this author creates is the gratefulness.
instead of that, people should be playing outside, or going for a walk in the park.
millions of people have all of their information online, for anyone to see, and this is very dangerous.
using computers is good for the body as well as the mind.
erasing things from lives,have done no good before.
you can make a walk of in the moons and just be yourself and be by yourself.
that why movies are rated, so that a parent could what kind of movie their going to be watching.
therefore, he ????
do you believe that certain books, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelf in a library due to censorship?
are they always looking for games to play?
in the story rough road ahead the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
the fact that the author is running out of water, makes continuing on a very stressful.
should books, magazines, or movies that are found offensive be removed from the shelves?
simply follow the rating rules.
it will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information.
in the end he was very relieved he found a fishing spot with a bathroom and fresh water.
you just have to be over to go in that area and with an adult.
one day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise.
it is plain to see that the computer in an important not in the process of exchanging information.
so that is my thoughts and believes about the topic of censorship.
doing that is like putting duck tape on the writers mouth.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
this just shows how our communities agree and disagree with each other.
censorship of the movies, music, & books is just prohibiting the expansion of culture.
the internet is great also because with the internet, you can learn of foreign nations.
to most, this idea is not a good one.
recently, it has been bought to my attention that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
this is how computers come in handy in every day life.
you have to type them too.
slowly as the terrain gets harder and harder the cyclist feels worse and worse.
last all the hard .
let man choose what is intolerable to him.
online, and keep in touch with family and friends.
so this means he needs water, but cannot get water.
when the narrator finally finds a building, it turns out to be abandoned.
in the text it states through the quiet repetition of season upon season, almost familiar to her now.
you feel it right to try and ban it again, but what does that solve?
what kind of civilization was ?
first of all computers help kids all around the world with social skills.
even better to a family member.
censorship of music and movies is not right either.
we can go the web and facilitate our life.
there are some people who collect butterflies as a body.
thank you for your !
certain points in history are not something that everyone can be proud of.
occasionally, she will glance over a book or reading material herself in order to deem it appropriate for me to .
as continues through the passage it says that his family is all ways open to take care of people that they love and need help.
as you can see, many people would be better off without computers!
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a coolest effect on people.
the games keep me company.
allowing children and their parents to feel safe and welcome is an important part of the library.
and they are great for people with jobs.
do you believe that certain materials; books, music, movies, and magazines should be removes from the shelf if it is offensive to some people?
the mood created by the author in this memoir was happy, loving, and warm.
i hope you too heed to my advice.
censorship lies within the hands of the viewer.
a person who is on the computer all day and does nothing else except that, then that is not healthy at all.
this way other people can read these books.
parents might not want their kids seeing, hearing, or reading that sort of stuff.
when we walk along the road, we meet many of them.
this shows that the test she look had to do with spring and the budding of flowers and that she is trying to grow something.
i like discovering things on my own.
last, but not least, computers have a great effect on a majority of people.
so spam email comes.
this shows that computers is important to have.
he often mentions fears of dropping dead, being eaten by vultures, and, at one point, even wishing death upon himself via choking albeit jokingly.
on the computer talking to people you are going no where on the computer chatting with people it is impossible to read someones expression.
all i need is my computer.
one reason he helps you with your hand eye coordination for example teach you how you look while typing.
how this benefits you is because you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat.
or if you talk to your friends online so can ask them a question on homework or whats the homework?
people are so caught up with computers, their desire for starts to fall.
people should be shown respect and allowed to have some privacy in there life.
i think that more citizens should own computers because they can expand your knowledge.
dear , have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people?
also changed are the plants.
due to lack of water, this feature really affects the cyclist.
would you get offended?
i think computers are bad and everyone would be happy with out them.
it is unfair to prevent someone from learning about a certain subject simply because one or two other people oppose the content.
the cyclist was so desperate for water that he had to put pebbles into his mouth.
happy because the change the simple house to a home.
we can also encourage kids to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health.
you can search up your friends name and magic!
next the benefits it has to society is people can learn things online.
if there is going to be bad things in the library the owners might make a section just for those things.
if this is the case then just ignore it.
taking away magazines can be keeping people from the latest gossip and news.
people also use and play games on unknown websites.
but, where in the process do parents have control of what exactly they want their children to access.
i take a bath, dress up and then i eat my breakfast.
among all other ties, friendship brings immens joy in our life.
i understand that some books be offensive to some people, but do not read it if you take it to offense.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affected the cyclist in the story.
certain books stay on the shelf such as a book.
the creates a mood that makes you think about your self and your family.
students can be encouraged to do some kind of social work during holidays.
did you know that in a recent poll in the , of use computers everyday?
maybe you could even make next about how resourceful, beneficial and social computers are!
the music will always have ratings, just like movies.
you have narrowed their choices down because of your own selfish opinion.
there are millions of books that are not only exciting and stimulating but also can have a positive influence on one as well.
make sure you go outside and have a great time too!
in endemic areas people are prepared.
this means that we can publish anything, no matter the inappropriateness of the matter.
when he saw a building he became happy but when he found out it was run down he was sad, thirsty, and tired.
he gets angry when ( years old) bothers him because he wants to play.
a computer is very intelligent and not only can came in a boring, heavy, boxed shape.
they can also help people get a better education.
the ride on the hills and through the desert, also tire him out dramatically.
books and other works should not be censored in libraries.
social networking sites like or allow with all your friends and other online games help you met new people that could be hundreds of miles away from you!
i think the computers help your brain think more and computers are advanced technology.
stop being about yourselves and get over it.
i do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks that are caused by an over reaction to something offensive.
they would not be able to show off what they really like.
to sum it up, many things about our lifestyles need to change.
four out five people admit to having multiple sites with personal information on them and out of those four people have had at least one account hacked.
an eight grader, can you believe that?
so if something happen who would know.
couple that with him biking, and you have yourself a dehydrated man in the desert!
they sit and tap on the keyboard instead of walking nature trails and walking on the beaches.
it eases your mind to be absorbed in something.
i also have many friends.
what does everyone else think though?
computers are the future.
did you know that a computer teacher in life say if you need to use a computer in your will one already.
i think certain things that people find offensive, are only offensive to those kind of people.
dear the , people have been saying that computers are not beneficial, but they are wrong.
he is very helpful to all.
that is just insane that you would want to wast that money after being payed for.
materials are placed in a library for the public to enjoy, not just to please certain people.
while others argue that they are very helpful.
they just need to be move to a shelf were only bigger kids can get to.
what then will they have to read?
computers help educate people, too.
they can confront the situation about three child.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
but some of these movies have offensive language and some appropriate scenes, that kids would want and learn how to do those type of things.
the reason for this is so she will have time to adjust.
lastly, your teenager probably do their homework.
the computer makes work and studying fast and simple.
the journey of a solo cyclist is a lonely one.
this whole situation implied to stick to your original plan.
that is how the sets the tone for this story.
the geese have left but will come back when the season is coming.
in libraries there are a bunch of books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
incredibly, unlike calling people and using a phone using these websites is free and open to anyone.
computers have resulted in a lack of exercise, less time with nature, strained relationships, and a generally unhealthy lifestyle.
computers are helpful in many ways.
the local people were very friendly.
i understand that parents want to protect children.
some stuff be more offensive than others to different people.
on the other hand, it would be unfair to take away some books that people find to be improper or indecent.
she is content for the moment but is planning to please herself and her mother again in the spring.
the driver of the red car seemed to have not lost faith either.
the mood created by the memoir is thankful and proud.
my opinion is that they give you a very positive effect.
chatting online is also a terrible thing if you abuse .
or if they find a book offensive.
i try not to use the computer unless i have too for school or to get homework.
when they do they go on the internet to find out how to lose weight, but they never do it.
overall, censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as school libraries.
this is awesome because you can text, video chat, email free.
thank you for your time.
and to her grief.
did you agree?
the essay in all shows how hand it is in hot weather with lack of supplies and no sense of direction.
throughout his trip, the author does not after come desert civilization.
if a book can be published then it can be put in libraries.
or you can also do fitness lessons while watching them off of your computer.
computers encourage users to be more organized!
that number has risen to out of , as of .
the books that interest me the most are fiction books.
i shall take an interest in my work.
if people want to read these kinds of books they should search elsewhere.
overall, was happy about how his whole childhood when and it seemed like he loved every last minute of it.
making purchases is fun though.
in my opinion a computer helps me complete my research paper and the contents in it are the best it can be.
he tells the reader more than enough about his simple home, and there is almost no conflict in this memoir.
i feel that magazines and joke books are welcome in the libraries of teenagers.
this shows us that if the cyclist gets dehydrated enough he could pass out and no one would find him in the desert.
however, i am having a change of heart.
for , computers and a great thing.
each piece of literature or movie is shared by a vast community of critics.
i really hope that my opinions means something to you.
interact with a human being, not some graphic designed computer picture.
the computer lets you interact with other, keeps you entertained and is very helpful and profitable.
this proves it is extremely hot outside.
it seems that when the geese return and the hibiscus buds it will give her hope and confidence.
it also has a homey feeling.
and you know how people say computers are bad.
comedy helps daily life.
a survey done by the () showed that of between ages are overweight because of their computer use.
it seems as if failing the driving test made her feel like she was going to fail in the new country.
there is only people who are not yet ready for the they are about to obtain.
your friends are going to start pulling away from you.
lastly, computer and in technology can allow people to chat.
for ant book you can find some bad thing about it.
because, everyone has different life experiences comes different views on what offends them or not.
the cyclist is exhausted from all the other obstacles that the desert confronted him with; the rough terrain affected his journey since his rate was reduced.
i could be sitting in a chair at my home in , and be having a conversation with someone across the country, or maybe even across the ocean!
nobody wants to be that kind of loser living on the streets!
if that library has offensive material it is their job not to let that material get into a young persons hands.
we have a pair of kidneys.
without computers i never would have learned so much about that place.
censorship prevents people from seeing the whole perspective, and censorship hinders societal change.
then the cultural program started.
dear , glad to see that you have a debate if computers are good or bad for human society.
if you want your friends you can just message them.
movies show us the ups and downs of life.
and last get off the computer and go see your family and friends.
these are many other reasons but i' only required to talk about three.
this can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise.
she plans to make it and use the plant as a symbol.
there even working with computers to make better bullet prove vest so they will be more lives saved in war.
cant afford the newspaper?
as you can see computer benefit society helps peoples hand eye coordination.
it had also made the cyclist have less energy.
these ideas are in the last paragraph because they summarize the idea of not giving up even if you feel out of place.
so what is my opinion on offensive materials getting removed?
they say that they are censoring what i need for the assignment because it is to bloody and scary for some of the other readers.
she runs very fast and wins.
then people go to that library to find the information that they are looking for, with the wide selection the library has to offer.
for example, my dad tests computer programs as a job.
computers also have the best search engines.
it makes life so much easier without creating a place where people become lazy.
from my own experience, i had to get a movie at the library once for a project.
and it also makes you thinking of all the your family has to make for you.
without a computer in my opinion things would be a lot more stressful.
i do, and are why i learn about places before i go is by looking that particular place up on the internet.
that their child watches, change it!
the cyclist had nowhere to go to get help.
if you are bored, games are very fun.
that electricity comes from power plants.
i thought the world would be a better place without me.
there are some people out there that believe that if any material depicts anything bad then it should be removed.
i tried buying new clothes and changing my hair color.
make your own at home, then you could put whatever books and magazines you want in there
we should make a thorough study before starting a business.
humility is a good habit.
the author thanks his parents several times.
but when she finds a hibiscus plant, it reminds her of her homeland.
he was dehydrated and could barely navigate around the dangerous snake.
a book not read as well never have been written.
the author sets many moods for the reader in his memoir from home: the blueprints of our lives.
people do not want to exercise if they have a computer to go on.
now would you censor that?!
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
books need to stay put in the libraries that they are in
with more advanced computers and technology, there can be more special effects and move violence added to movies easier.
furthermore, people all around the world communicate thought the computer.
also they even make stone which is very popular learning a different language and where you learn this from is on a computer.
when she failed her mother was disappointed.
he is sincere and regular in his work.
a good example of censorship that has recently happened is rewriting all the books just because they use the 'n word' and some people find this offensive.
did you know that of employment is from the workers home, now you know.
which eventually would leave people with no variety in books which would start a huge problem.
all of these features affected the cyclist in some way.
in my letter going to tell the bad stuff about computer and why there not good for society.
like sex, drugs, drinking, bad language.
i have had a select few instances throughout my life where i have read a book or magazine that to some seem offensive and to others not at all.
even though we are the reason why books and other things are brought into libraries today.
even without software to block dangerous websites, computers are generally safe.
for example, the computer is actually good for education.
however, it comes to literature and and art, i think that a variety makes us unique.
it was a great experience for me.
i say those people are !
you were a little kid and you wanted to look up information on racing, you might have passes by many books about racism.
not having a lot of water is really bad when your outside in the heat and the cyclist had no idea where to find more.
for people who find books, movies, music, or magazines at the library offensive, simply do not use them.
this light helps us to study at night.
for one, there are many sites out there that portray false information.
i always allow my mother or father to read books, listen to music, and watch movies with me.
so, if the writer thinks this, surely there is someone out there that feels the same.
with libraries and movie theaters they have what the state thinks is for adults only in their own little section.
this has a big affect on him, because hes very thirsty.
should be remove, unless if it has nudity or a lot of cussing in the books.
see, i told you that they can ruin your life all it takes is a couple of hours to like the computer.
the mood created by the author, , in the memoir was grateful and it had gratitude.
all you need is a support from your family.
i remember when i was younger i would love to learn about the .
people who are sitting on the computer are not getting exercise or seeing beautiful nature.
learning is exceptional for not just only the person reading, but also the human race.
a novel or song be pleasing to people, but should it be extinguished from the record store or library because of one person?
do you like learning about faraway exotic land and animals?
like i am into all kind of sex books.
all people have different views about things.
will you give up a beautiful composition because it is controversial?
any one has the right to anything.
some books teaches them about the world they are growing up in.
people spend so much time on computers they lose touch with the outside world.
yet little kids love to read and could easily take a book off the shelf if they so pleased.
i mean everyone has the right to know about what is going on or what happened years and years ago.
these excerpts really convey the of nostalgia, warmth, and thankfulness to the reader.
while computers are helpful in our lives too much of one thing is never a good thing.
the reader also leans that she failed a test and feels at of place.
it would save you from standing your friend up and feeling guilty about it.
computers could help go sign up for activities like baseball, football, basketball, or a gym.
made me fell lonely, , , says , by the use of computers you are doing yourself a favor.
the feeling, or mood, that i think that the author is trying to create is a very grateful mood.
people are becoming more and more lazy these days.
this are three reason a think that.
our life and property are safe because of the policeman.
one example is my cousin.
the setting around him also made him have negative thoughts.
by taking the books off the shelves, i believe that that would be repressing their as .
in that time you could be spending time with your precious little girl or even the best friend out side in nature having fun.
the ones that you keep on checking out from the library again and again because you love it so much.
why do we build schools and take much trouble to examine children in what they have learned?
instead go to a library.
so is it right to remove offensive material from libraries?
he also blames himself for listening to the old men.
certain things that offend people can be enjoyed by other people.
the most important of the factors, in the matter of survival, is the fish camp that the biker finally reaches.
small things like such as language should not cause the material to be taken off of shelves where people who appreciate it cannot obtain it.
says the missing child agency.
someone who wants to can so do not take that away from the people that want to read .
also, if a child wants to see these kinds of materials then they could find another way to see them.
explicit material should be removed if it is found offensive.
this happens because your brain cannot take in the brightness of the computer and your reading or seeing at the same time.
another student, , is working on the same essay.
in the story she says then i will take the test again.
he goes to his office at eight thirty in the morning and returns home at seven in the evening.
men and women go to public libraries to learn.
i will help any kid as much as i can with there dreams.
you can make them feel bad without doing anything besides typing a message.
what organizational tool could help me in this situation?
so take them off the radio.
many of my own friends are update status or pictures on for three hours every night.
with so people absorbed with online drama, friends, and even video games, family interaction is declining.
everyone in our neighborhood was out and trying to help put off the fire with water and sand.
he is grateful that his parents give up everything that they had just to give him a better life.
if a bystander observes a person being abused in a hallway or alley, the bystander just cannot pretend like the incident never happened.
i feel she ended it that way because it shows that she will persevere and not give up and try again
that changed me big time, i felt really had for those people.
dear , i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
there are also no places to stop for water.
in my opinion computers are handy, but dangerous.
some people find many books, songs, movies, and magazines offensive.
finally, the computers we use today are a huge and easy way of communication.
at any moment, anyone and everyone could die.
how would we be any different if we did it.
dear local newspaper, it has been brought to my attention that why on a nice sunny day like this somebody would want to be inside.
many different opinions about whether computers belong in our life have been shared.
i just think the memoir sets a happy mood.
our class was very surprised at the language and sexual innuendos involved.
artists are now able to do things were now a new art form of video games has out artists do you like to express yourself do!
talked about how all sorts of cultures came together as one and were always good friends along the way.
this whole essay brings me back to the thought that censorship is basically conformism.
living a sheltered life can catch up to people when they reach adulthood.
should libraries take certain material off their shelves?
to help us with tasks or for our personal use.
my final reason is that computers can save paper buy having a lot of document on your computer.
if we removed everything that was offensive today.
then everything can stay on the shelves!
parents think that this is good idea because it protects their children from things that be considered bad.
more you take books away the more the population on watching television gets higher.
to begin, i will explain some problems in our libraries.
the articles would probably be after the events occur.
have you ever had this problem?
you can find movies anywhere, but some believe that you can only find the really good and old movies at the library.
while on the computer, the users eat and will gain weight because of the loss of exercise.
very beautiful sight.
all they do is sit down eat on unhealthy snack and play games, and videos.
i will tell you once again computers benefits society and do have positive effects.
each book and even magazine has a fact of information regarding what is either happening in the world or what could happen.
every day they are on the computer.
now that i have told you all of the benefits of computers you !
it can be used for so many things, you can also purchase items over the computer.
not believing in yourself is the hardest thing to overcome.
this one is a sort of spear against the devil of carelessness.
if movies are just laying on the on the shelf or around the house.
not seeing anyone was probably extremely discouraging, so the setting really affected him.
computer can also be helpful at time when needed for school or you job.
computers provide great communication with everyone around or even across the country.
i could make that!
when seeing the geese and the hibiscus, she realizes that everyone and everything has to adapt to something new all the time.
the hibiscus plant was able to sustain the harsh winters change.
it was early in the morning when we started for the forest.
go call up a friend and do something fun, i hope by now you understand that being on the computer or having one is not the best idea.
with computers, anyone that is anywhere can be in constant contact with anyone else.
some people spend way too much time on the internet.
without computers my teachers would not be able to read my work.
the hibiscus reminds her of her old life and it comforts her.
his hope was dwindling because of this.
do you think the adolescence would want to waste paper because their messy handwriting and mistakes?
this is why i feel books should stay where there are
so we decided to go to the zoo.
finally in paragraph the author explains how he learned the true definition of family.
you get upset when you read something for the first time, and not notice that it could help you when you think about it.
all in all the mood for the memoir was happy.
that way no one would have to worry about a material being offensive.
the problem with censorship is that a could find the book offensive and want it removed from the shelves.
my outlook on the effect the computer has had on our society is quite positive.
winter and cold represent death, and spring represent a new life or beginning.
dear local newspaper, you like a place where you can control what you and where you go?
between going on for ten minutes and letting the computer control your life?
my grandpa was a veteran and he saw a bad and got so upset he cursed at the and almost threw the remote at it.
we should be string enough to look away and not fight about it.
as you can tell, computers have affected our lives in a great way.
he portrays a mood that shows you can be happy no matter what the hardships you endure.
in all, the idea of censoring libraries is a negative proposal.
this is not what i want to happen though.
computers are a big thing now in life, they help with many things.
high profile documents such as the constitution should be held in high security areas.
these are all things adults and kids need a like to do.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
everyone is obligated to their own choices, whether that choice is to read books that are more likely to be offensive, is their choice.
i do not believe that people should be given the right to do that.
now most, to all should know that there are children sections in most, if not all libraries.
also, about black never win a trial and there treated unfairly.
newspapers are interesting to read and might have little to none offensive remarks in them.
being off the computer feels better and is better.
most news is about things that are bad, rarely any good news comes around.
i wonder if some books on endangered species of fish.
these are two lessons that my parents did not just tell me.
at anytime about billion are on some sort of electronic device.
he was losing his strength.
if someone took the time to make it then we all deserve the right to view it.
the ending paragraph creates a feeling of hope since it shows how everything will return and others will be another chance.
she stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five to get her away from her computer.
you have a choice there.
the author says that his parents helped him discover the real meaning of family.
after eating to the fill and filling my pockets with mangoes.
it is the responsibility of the parent to censor what their child takes off the shelf.
since are living in modern ages families understand that kid leaves to college they might be going far away or even across the country.
therefore, computers are also a huge help in the medical department well.
the computer lets me see nature, talk to friends and family, and lets me see things, like videos, that twill never ever see in books.
my second reason is that, computers has games kids play.
computers are also good for social networks.
he gets up eats breakfast.
research is the key to answering questions.
therefore i think if you like doing that then the computer is what you need.
of kids in my school own a computer.
some beggars act as spies.
to learn something that you did not know, or to build on knowledge that you already had.
they can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to obtain.
there are some that need to be clean up.
there are lots of things in a .
also being as the weather was so hot this caused the cyclist to drink a lot of water.
computers affect peoples lives in good ways and bad ways.
so i hope you take this in consideration that computer are great society.
this amazing device can also let you talk to people online!
than the children learn and they go out there and do the same thing.
he also explained how his parents built the home on their own, that he got to grow up in.
baseball is why i can bench press pounds.
to them, death is not a big deal.
parents need to be for their kids.
all this has been done with ease before we could even on a light bulb.
you must go out and enjoy nature.
in conclusion, many of the libraries around are going to have the kind of books that offend some people.
it is also a good way to communicate with you friends.
they have every right to protect their child from dangers in the world, but to keep them from learning the art of literature.
always stick in your gut.
this hot climate makes the cyclist extremely thirst, hot, and and sweaty.
for instance, when arriving at the first town, the author calls it your average ghost town but continues on with confidence.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
everybody in the community acted like they were like they were blood related but in reality nobody was.
he was so proud to have parents who cared so much and had such selflessness.
her mother never wanted to talk about him because, she knew that this way only going to make matters worse.
yes, they do have some flaws but they are a great learning tool.
eventually they got to talking about his journey, and the two men gave him direction for a shortcut.
you ask yourself the answer is simply that the is too expansive and distracting.
you just have to read into it and try to understand what she is actually saying.
furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier.
at first, when the author sees the abandoned first town he is not too worried about it and moves on.
there are many reasons why offensive materials should be removed from the shelves in libraries, stores, and everywhere else.
now for my third reason.
it is a great pleasure for me to see my flower garden every morning.
movies are not a huge issue but they can be at times.
second, the library should be about education, fun, and interesting contents not by offending someones religion.
now i will move on to give more details on my first reason.
the author says vowed to express positive connotation in the paragraph.
this was one of the most popular places in the .
are some rare examples.
exposing those kinds of movie clips and images could be harmful to the children of future .
i am going to tell you all of the reasons i think the books should stay on the shelves.
how could a railway be worked without order?
or put the books some people find offensive in there own area.
the computer, in this instance, has made - positive impact an society.
my favorite is the overweight problem.
did you know that kids that spend more time on computer are more likely to do poorly in school?
the media is destroying our youth!
first, as the army keeps losing more and more soldiers in combat and they try to recruit people they can post their ad up over the internet.
the soldier is a fighter.
it prevents freedom of expression.
she fails her drivers test and is very upset.
firstly, they are a great way to keep in touch.
this is the mood that was conveyed by the author in the memoir.
in the story, it says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
the times ahead she speaks of are followed by a promise to take the test again despite her failure the first time.
it helps to make people more social, by chatting with their friends.
he looks after us and also takes care of the school garden.
if its finally out and people have the chance to buy it, they hope it will stay available.
no, i do not believe certain materials should be removed from the shelves in libraries if they are found offensive.
they have it all, if you ever need something for research or a project just go there.
shes sure she will do better next time.
even my dad had is credit card account stolen last year.
but the amount that it occurs in your daily life will be directly affected by how much of your freedom you are willing to stand up for.
these are things that are happening and parents need to open their eyes and see whats happening before its to late.
a good neighbor is a blessing.
where would we be in science and medicine without computers?
but exams are needed to test the knowledge.
first going to tell you some positives about computers.
i what that is like.
these are example of the moods that author created in the memoir.
the text states, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
these electronics are causing.
people drink camels’ milk.
but bad books poison our minds.
i hope that my kid whats to be something that he likes to do when he grows up.
i believe we should still use computers.
to conclude, computers contribute to society in ways that make it much better for everyone.
school could be a lot more difficult without a website.
because it could mean so much.
sometimes, you can even find articles from library books online.
he should get up early.
also, if a library does have an age restriction on certain materials, then appropriate acts of discipline should be taken for the viewer of said materials.
finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other.
people helpful is on the line with this computer thing.
computers help you find out important information that you might need to know in the future.
he was dehydrated, toned, and had lost a lot of hope after coming across all these places.
denies the book was written over censorship but his book gives our generation a great lesson.
the road changed into rolling hills.
it was about the civil war.
inside the museum, he showed me many things.
authority teaches us, as children.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is many things.
well whats a better way to find out a bout those than talking with people who live there?
the library is a place where everyone can read, listen, or watch about something that is interesting not to offend other people in all ways.
if people find the profanity in the song offensive, then do not listen to it.
on the other hand the computer does have cons.
i suggest that people should just leave the books wear they are at.
another cause why books or magazines be removed from the shelves could be that the send the wrong message to children or contain vulgar content.
on to next subject the expert say were not enjoying out doors, but the over looked something here it is.
many people of different beliefs take offense to books that show negativity to their ideas.
the author portrayed that they were grateful for their parents and they he or she knew they would never be able to repay them.
he had various points in support of his belief.
for example, i think the author did this to leave the reader with a strong sense of determination.
next reason is computers make life better.
finally they spend less and less time with their family and being active.
so we should not remove offensive materials off the shelves
last, the material can influence other kids to disrespect that race and not like people of that race.
she felt a little hope for adapting to the new environment and new life.
so censorship, to me, is not going to make any difference.
he had told me stories about various animals.
now, they choose to surf the web instead.
now you gotta think, man if all these people keep coming in here and saying these books, movies, etc.
also some people have bad hand writing.
but to some more than others.
in almost every form of art there is some remark to something negative.
when you are on the computer, no healthy activity is involved.
people find entertainment to movies with sexual or violent activity in them.
the of this memoir creates a mood that is very touching and meaningful.
besides education, computers can also keep us entertained with games such as virtual solitaire.
censorship is either loved or hated, its all one big opinion.
songs today hint at sexual activities.
computers also, give people the ability to see, understand, and gives information about people across the world.
dear , since electricity was invented technology has developed at a rapid rate.
as he began to approach the desert, he noticed he was running low on water.
when i tried a drop or two ,it had the flower of battery acid.
and yes weight loss surgery does have effects such as death.
so they will choose to maybe find offensive materials.
for example a game, is one the most popular addictive games ever made.
they can teach people many things.
however, computers benefit society because they life easier now a days.
i believe that if there are books, music, movies, or magazines that offends you.
nature is so beautiful, why ever it?
if you take a picture right after you won the championship soccer game, in your jersey.
all libraries check out books so the book is under a name.
people always doubted him and never gave his music a chance.
as a result, many are suffering from various physical and mental disorders.
the setting affects the cyclist mood in the story the cyclist takes a short cut with many abandon towns, and buildings as well as a bumpy, terrain.
would we get as much knowledge as we have?
writing is something you do when you want to express how you feel, or tell a story about yourself or someone else.
it will not even be a bother.
however their information is out of date, and takes the cyclist through rolling hills and bumpy roads.
i have seen many of my friends get lost in these books and magazines right in front of a adult like there mothers.
but it is true the opposite way as well.
his father is very kind and religious.
kids need to learn how to read different kinds of stories.
that is how the cyclist is affected by his setting, and despair is turned to hope.
everywhere in the no matter where you are there are going to be things that could either interest you or be offensive to you.
dear , in a pole conducted by the () people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library.
she is going to forget about failing the driving test and work to pass it in the spring.
my grandmother takes care of our garden.
my friends blew on whistles when i cut the cake.
they keep coming up with more and more.
it would be a great experience for anybody to read this book so even if it is censored where you live, go buy it and read it anyway.
why would people want to take little thing like that from little kids?
is not the answer.'
after going around the zoo, we came out and sat under a tree.
computers allow you to connect with people who live faraway without having to travel to them.
in this modernized world computers are key.
i would improve the academic performance of all the students.
in this memoir, the author creates a very nice mood.
exercising and enjoying the outdoors is also a good time consuming activity to do.
this book reveals much about human truth, yet it was banned.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a negative effect on people.
the final way is to download something where they can send instant messages to people all over the world.
and i believe if it is offensive it should be taken off the shelf in a library and you should too.
you ask the amount time spend on computers is much more damaging than this.
there was my main reasons why people should have a computer.
to see such selfless act is just wonderful.
i think it depends on how offensive the material actually is.
a computer might save your life one day.
if a book is removed from the library for its contents, people will look into as to why it was removed.
most of the time people have to do essays.
they do not want their children to come in contact with things that might influence their decisions.
can go to , ask question and get an instant reply.
the winter starts to give her the feels all hope is lost.
in the desert, people feed camels with grass, grains wheat and oats.
what if a group of adults enjoyed a movie that someone else thought was disturbing?
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
the passing of the information from historian to historian over the centuries can potentially be described as the game telephone.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
young children are often daily visitors of the library.
at a campground in , the setting is calming and relaxing.
it can look up when was born.
she had the memory of her grandmother and hibiscus.
when you are on the computer.
just about any domain name on the web.
at last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends.
i maneuvered down the hill.
for instance, i was mortified hearing that the first time.
rice is the staple food in all the asian countries.
there are so many social things to do on the computer and those are just some.
some people become beggars due to their bad conduct and behavior.
some people use the internet for doing homework.
the last reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people.
on the occasion of the fair and big meeting he maintains peace by applying for law and order.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is nostalgic, warm, and thankful.
not only this you family.
also, you will become cranky and want do what your parents tell you to do because your mind will be so into your computer screen.
who has forgotten about the past.
i have read many books over the past couple years, and i find that many of the books that i read have proved to be educational to me.
for example, the cyclist was losing energy and had to keep pushing.
when going on bike rides the setting of the rides is a great help or a bad help.
the policeman uses force if there is a danger to the lives of citizens.
no i do not think that books and other materials should be taken off the shelves of a library if someone thinks its offensive.
those books should not be censored from libraries because of words or ideas that are found offensive.
the way an author tries to entertain offend you if they use a certain language with a certain tone.
computers also of for the average.
then their going to go tell there friends what they heard because they think its cool then all kinds of kids are hearing it.
our learning, our beliefs, and our freedom of speech are too important to just give up to censorship.
though the materials found in a story be horrific to a parent, it be a preferred form of literature for a different group of people.
it sells delicious cakes and cookies.
classical, rock, and blues are some examples.
ever since the invention of the computer people have seen promise for society.
the people spend all there time siting in a chair they could have a chance of gaining wait.
just because some people find something offensive does not mean that the so called offensive material does not have the right to be published or shared with anybody.
also the lighting from the computer is very hurtful to your eyes.
in conclusion, the setting clearly affects the cyclists journey in a negative way.
you think that there positive on people?
this is another helpful technique that can improve the quality of your life and keep you from the temptation of being on the computer.
the first reason being if you found something offensive it not be to someone else.
also, they help people from adults years out of college to teenagers in high school communicate with their friends.
public items such as televisions, radios, magazines, and even books have wriggled their way into our not so perfect world.
from learning, to games, to videos, and to a tool that is very useful.
accordingly, i do not believe this way.
he had to ride up one long hill so that also made him tired.
when you are sitting at home with a ton of, think again, the computer is there for you.
using this, i keep in touch with my , my friend who moved, and even a friend from !
he could have died.
libraries are fun to go to.
the internet is a easy way to do research.
dear newspaper, i personally believe that new technology is a great thing.
a poem, novel, or even a short story, these authors have the right to have it published and put on the shelf.
computer , they are the replacement.
but its a great way to stay in touch with people.
the guy decided he would just drive home because he was not very drunk.
one very important feature is that the cyclist was in the desert.
at this point cyclist is very worried because its hot and he has no water, while knowing he has another miles to go.
to stay in touch they email or chat.
then they will be mad and then that just an other fight.
my last reason why computers have a benefits in society is because computers help to make better technology.
freedom of press is a right not many countries have.
what is offensive to me not be to you.
because you can get it on the go.
yes, kids need to learn about relationships and intimacy, but that is their parents jobs.
well no more!
in some of the reading material, one might not even realize that some inappropriate things are in it.
also, obesity numbers have increased greatly since the invention of personal computer and the internet.
could you imagine living in a wold?
also i would not care how long that i would stay in the library.
he is not at all considerate.
dear , being at home with nothing to do.
is this right?
thanks to computers, there is a great chance students receive a passing grade.
the second girl was right.
they help kids have fun with the games we can play.
the doctors set up a computer equipped with video chat in the operating room and the soldier was, in a way, in two places at once.
that is why i think that books need to get into the right hands and not into kids hands.
he is a true friend and a sincere guide to the students.
do you now see that nature can be helpful?
go right ahead.
i think that books are there for whatever reason they were written for.
the child goes to her older sister for help to find a different book.
there are many things a person can do on a computer.
people are saying that computers have a negative effect on people.
the people were crying “fire”!
books are another thing that could use some censorship.
the computer is simply a way for kids to get in trouble.
if we are to take the books off of the shelves at the libraries what do we do about the bible.
the man got to see his newborn baby and his wife.
i think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research.
now if the books are only meant to be seen by adult eyes then, yes by all means remove them.
they have allowed us and how to improve our lives.
the author explains how the house was very comfortable for him.
when people say things like ' who play video games with violence will make them murders.'
plus, by interacting with family and friends you can learn to be relaxed and let your life take its natural source.
to spend too much time on their computers.
some people need computers and other advances in technology for their everyday life.
i have seen many offensive books.
since the hibiscus represents a comfort at times of disappointment, is the reason she went out and purchased the plant.
why this can be a good thing is because you can get a good idea of what its like and might want to take a trip there.
he stumbled across water.
even though the setting was tough, teasing, and ironic, the man made it through and still with a smile on his face.
this is found when the author says, at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
her words are a metaphor for the family starting their lives again in , that not be as pretty, but it will survive, which is what matters.
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit, affects the cyclist greatly.
keep reading to find out more.
also, before this she says that things that were once strange to her now seemed familiar, like the geese.
public libraries are a great help for the community.
but when he finds the fishing camp, his entire perspective of things changes, and he just feels so thankful to have been saved.
computer have a very positive effect on us.
like stop going outside and getting fresh air.
also, he mentions how his parents opened their arms to who ever needed help even though they were the richest people either.
in conclusion, this is why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
they should stay away from computer for a time.
the author includes it to summarize the story theme of adopting to change.
movies already have ratings so this kind of helps for people to check them out and make sure the movie would be safe to watch.
lastly, i think books that are different to everyone and can be interpreted differently.
this shows that the cyclist is getting tired and seeing tumbleweeds, which usually represents a phase being completely deserted and deadly snakes that get in his way.
pets on the other hand need you.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
there are so many books in the world, about any topic you can imagine.
one example is because he said they where all family to them.
he said we should keep trying until we succeed.
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would not be any books to read because every book has something to censor.
if you want to achieve a goal you can mange that!!
thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers!
many families have spent thousands thousands of dollars on buying the computers and them fixed.
computers can do amazing things!
but not everybody agrees on this statement.
while people depend on food, they need a place for shelter.
in the text it says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
i do think that a magazine is a book.
next reasons, i can do my homework on i can write a big letter on i can do a lot of work in the computer is and easy.
where would businesses be without computers?
using a computer can also help you stay organized.
but why spend your time on the computer when you can spend time with your family.
it all comes down to who reads the book or magazine, and who listens to the music.
lastly, if you are on the computer too often it could affect your eyes.
this would result in a in high grades.
so some people might like to learn about offensive things.
i think that if certain materials are offensive that they should be taken off the shelf, depending on how they are offensive.
you want to be know for destroying an important part of history
no, i sure hope you would not, but to some they see that as their one resolution.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
then in no time you will be hanging out with your friend.
censorship is where things are sheltered from the the light of day.
i understand that reading books with adult material such as drug abuse and sexuality can lead to experimentation but is that not life?
dear local newspaper, i do agree that computers have impacted human society greatly.
education is also a useful thing you can use with computers.
we then went to a nearby market.
sat on the couch then and told me about how was in the library overhearing some of our classmates reading a book about people making fun of gays'.
every parent has different rules and guidelines for their children, and this is their right.
a computer helps the victim by giving them a better feel on their environment.
finally, computers give people the ability to talk to other people online.
sometimes he carries heavy loads on his back.
online chat rooms are very dangerous you never know who your writing to.
when he come over the bend he cave to his troubles road and thirst
my first reason about this computers issue is it makes than not pay attention in the school.
sure you could quickly send them a message or like , but is it ever bad to do the good old fashion calling?
what is or not offensive to you compared to other varies on both ends.
of course her and exchanged some hateful looks but we looked past that, and she moved on with her life.
i think done all i could.
and with hibiscus budding she can make her new life.
where someone else reads the same thing and feels terrible.
the writer leaves the reader with a sense of hope for the future by concluding with this paragraph.
this means that she has been use to change and has accepted the situation.
experts even say how computers change the way they act at home and in the public.
people have a right to do what they want.
you can just login and talk to anyone in the world.
they will want to know.
i feel that each book, movie, and magazine has at least one thing that a person can find offensive.
when all hope is seemingly lost, he finally comes across water, and his unique (but very important) lesson is learned.
the bridegroom was escorted to the throne-like-seat on the raised platform.
if we are censored from these things how will we learn that they exist.
he was also traveling through the deserts which create an even hotter climate.
so many people all over the world have computers.
first, right of the bat i felt love and thoughtfulness, which i still felt throughout the story.
first of all, people who are offended by certain books and movies should speak up, and do something about it.
it is our choice to watch the movie without no one telling us if we should or not.
the number of obese people especially in children, increases each day.
in my opinion, i would say no.
people should be able to do what they enjoy and not have that taken from them.
it can lead to the silencing of all the voices of change in a society causing society to grind to halt and stay right were it is.
many people, adults and have because they are world but there that should be explored and people should be thankful for beautiful that we have still .
there is no problem if you go on for an hour a day maybe more, but to long is not good.
that shows a good because it is about loving.
the author constantly talks about how his home was a wonderful place and a happy environment to live in.
teachers use the libraries for many different things.
but your savior has arrived!
some people want to get a high rank or position.
he feels confident in him making it, not realizing what is up ahead.
there are many books over these topics that many people find offensive or just completely oblivious.
to whom it concern, .
finally, if we get rid of computers we will be known as a new nation.
going to the library is just as useful if not more useful than going on the internet.
it is always enjoyable to me.
the setting around the cyclist led her to drink a lot of water because of the dry conditions.
when he stops for water, the pump he finds does not have any more water in it except for a few drops.
computers are a great help for reports, vacations, chatting, information to help you study for a test.
not letting them hear, see, or read the bad in the world.
our earth is one of them.
however, there is of children out there that will just think of the information that they are being told as good things.
when she got home she went and told her parents he parents said that she should go and tell the librarian.
people need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day.
some of the features were it was hot high deserts, and no water.
computers bring my family together by we rent movies from on the computer.
after the leap is taken, even ten looks may not be sufficient.
she vowed to herself that when the day comes again she will be ready to renew herself and get back on track.
a majority of people would say yes.
so this ride was torturous due to the setting.
videos are great when your bored.
there is just so many things that the computer can help us with!
the card could have their name, age, grade, and date of birth.
a computer also helps me through my daily life.
computers affect you and everyone around you in more ways than .
first off, the libraries could censor they put out on the selves.
in conclusion, computers have outstanding effects on people.
you can easily find what you are looking for and you are able talk to anyone you want.
i hope you see it my way now.
however, this does not mean taking materials off of library shelves for everyone.
so after reading this i hope you understand why my opinion is what it is.
some people even use the computer for a job.
when she sees the flower and goes to find it at a shop she is overwhelmed by this small reminder of her old home.
she will be determined to pass the test and fit in sooner or later.
in the essay the cyclist is riding in the desert.
if we allow censorship anything that goes against our own personal beliefs would be destroyed.
in a school library yes there should be a limit to what children can and cannot read.
to me, it seems like the setting and the weather were the perfect combination for doing much more harm than good.
but when i am on the computer i can chat with them and have a fun time.
someone has to find a way to fix things and in a good kind of way where people can find peace with themselves and others.
kids theses days can be mean with out try.
if the number of computers used in each household increase the amount of obese people in will as well.
by making it attractive, a book-fair creates an awareness in those who don’t read habitually.
in conclusion, i strongly think that books, weather they offended someone or not, should be kept of the selves.
the authors or producer of these sort of entertainment were made to be read, hear or watched by people that are interested in them!
this is why some people listen to other types of music and do not listen to the type of music that they find offensive.
if its about adult relationships and the child takes it, then the parent should explain it all and tell them what is going on.
world is far from perfect.
most children will look at these books and think that the books are to big to read, so they would not even look at them.
soon the sun starts to beat on him even more.
i was having a hard time understanding the math.
dear , in many ways computers have been very useful to the human rare.
books and music should be removed if not used for something that is in good use.
with a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are.
then why can’t he understand that animals too don’t like such hurtful treatment?
no, because that person is too busy playing on the computer can you see how computers can effect your health?
yeah we might be getting lazy but it makes peoples lives simpler.
people, including singer have been caught in sexting.
the cyclist then was almost completely dehydrated from the long, tiring bike rid.
the drains started overflowing with water.
that could make the kid think he could do that and he could get him self in to big trouble.
there is something about music that soothes the human body.
one of the many things a computer can help you with is keeping in touch with family members of friends that live far away.
no, for until people recognize a problem and furthermore are reminded of how wrong it was they will not understand it.
in conclusion, computers are great because, kids can get there homework done, also its good for video chat finally because the internet is very resourceful.
dear, local newspaper i read the article and i think that you guys are right because in the kids rather stay inside on the computer.
the more hills, the more energy lost, the more tired he became.
supply and demand.
they get less exercise.
the mood in the memoir by is happy, loving, and upbeat or lively.
i think its happy that he can express his feelings to us the reader.
the end, when he is revived with water he almost looks back on the journey comically.
so people should just spend a part of their day on the computer.
libraries are government funded organizations.
how does cutting out knowledge ever help?
the author did a fantastic job at creating a sense of love and comfort while telling his story.
so why have censorship in libraries.
the coming of spring also symbolizes renewal and birth.
censorship should not occur in libraries for several reasons.
also they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
also you can check the weather, and if going to an airport you can check the flight time or if it has been canceled or not.
you can type, learn about historical happenings, different places, and different cultures as well.
or new shows and music all be find.
censorship is a good thing but it can also be a bad one as well.
this would make it easier for the librarian to keep track of who looks at or checks out the materials.
books are a great part of history.
you just started the story and it is due tomorrow.
it is bad to do drugs because it can ruin you whole career in high school and maybe in college.
even though there is racism, one is friends.
also it does not matter to me if i have to pay for the things that i check out from the library.
people who feel strongly about eliminating explicit material would act quickly upon this law, rather than people who are against it.
your hands are a big thing in like and they are helpful in a lot of ways.
he said that there was the scent of life and love in the air.
computers have become a part our everyday life.
i had vocals is a galore to deal with.
movies are the better ones.
those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder.
the author tells us that the road turned into hills and bumps.
this is a cheaper and greener way of presenting ideas.
last up can talk online.
some can get obese and mess with your love life.
for example these passages are set to copy down your number, get your account number then take your money.
that is just what i thank.
also, if the person is still a child, there should be no reason for a child to choose the older level of material.
if someone does not like the material, they are not forced to check it out of the library so why cause a fuss over it?
for example, for one quest you have to kill a demon, but for another, just find a missing cat.
knowledge is all around us.
censoring a library would not make it any easier to keep young children away from certain materials that are offensive.
i can remember my friend telling me that she always types her essays because its for her teacher and from typing.
players should be fit, with strong arms and legs.
why wait outside for so long when you could just buy the product in the comfort of your own home and get the product delivered right to your house?
for example in paragraph .
how their doing and what have they been up to.
they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as .
dear local , people have been using computers for years.
guaranteed, years from now we will still be using computers they are probably talking to friends, doing research on something or are typing up something for .
what the book stores, libraries, and movie stores should do, is put an age limit on the books and movies.
it could most likely cost you or even family members your lives.
that is why i strongly believe that people spend to much time on computers rather than.
the rolling hills where he had to pedal up and down and the desert with no water in sight just dry land.
in this world, diversity exists everywhere.
he was overjoyed and overwhelmed because he had survived.
as i ,mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people.
celebrating traditions and coming together as a family created a loving mood.
the censorship would be a great way to help parents watch what their children are reading and watching.
this is a disgrace!
the rough terrain is hard for the cyclist to overcome.
another time that i would say to use your computer is when doing some work, projects or homework.
and what i mean by that is you can go to the zoo and learn about stuff there to.
it flew higher and higher.
but as of right now i do not think they should remove items off shelves at libraries
throughout this there is a very happy and loving vibe.
by starting now we can make a difference in the lives of thousands.
the author also mentioned that he would always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice and how important family and friends are.
teach your children whats out there, let them know the truth about the world.
we never all like the same thing.
they even allow you to communicate with your family who live far away, strengthening your relationships.
doing this would grant the people who wish to see this type of material access to the material.
kids might get picked.
there where a computer can help you.
one reason i think the books should stay on the shelves is because some people might need the books for a school project.
in the memoir, the author creates a sort of grateful, appreciative mood.
almost all means of communication can be done with a computer.
it is a way for them to drown out the world and enjoy a good book.
give each person the choice, and the rebellion will settle down.
i think she will be able deal with it better and take it again, it shows that she wont give up.
also, of those , provide reliable, correct information.
kids use it to talk to friends, play games, do homework and to do many other things as well.
technology is all around us.
i think having computers are good because you can use it to find places.
like computers sometimes keep kids out of the street so they wont get in trouble.
i have, and while i was on the computer i could have been outside enjoying nature.
i know i .
brother is attending college at and since we do not see him often.
computers help people know news, traffic weather directly, interact with people, and learn new things.
only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends.
it depends on the person.
he seems happy because, he talks about his parents, his family, and his home which make him happy.
however, the belief that there is freedom of choice in reading is correct.
he loves his parents what they did for him.
also they can spend more time doing things with their kids.
we, as a community, should love one another and respect them.
most reference books are out of date and information is inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently, you have all the facts all the time.
next, you can find information about everyday life.
in libraries they have all types of music albums that a person can listen to, before they rent it out.
so now you really need to talk to him or her you can by using webcam.
according to , or have a website which can be accessed over the computer.
for example, in the story him riding through that terrain causes him to get tired and become even more dehydrated than he already is.
periods like the holocaust, the genocide of about six million by , would eventually die with the generations that knew about it.
censorship on books and other materials in libraries would be a very negative thing.
she was looking very pretty.
let alone read about it in school!
you can also have extra practice with the many resources that come with the online textbook.
you never know who is going to look for what your have taken away.
also, the hills of the country roads.
they do not get enough exercise, and frankly, abusing computers is not good for your life, physically or socially.
i learned in class that in the job were much more difficult than they are today because of technology.
i picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak.
movies are required to have ratings so the audience knows the extent of the maturity you must have to watch the film.
my first reason why i believe computers benefit society is because computers are a great source to use do school work with.
i have my own state of mind and so do you.
the rooms are well-ventilated and well-furnished.
when people get computers they spend more time inside and on them.
there, it took him an hour when at last his turn came.
the problem is that kids are not getting enough of the exercise they need.
the mood that the author was happiness.
lets say a white man goes into a library and looks at a book about racism, and how it has helped the nation.
so everyone i strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers.
everyone has an opinion on how things should be in the world, and no one is necessarily right.
the author is most proud of his parents because of tier love and sacrifice.
people would not want to see that in their local library for their children to see.
then comes the rough road ahead.
it is a great art to contact the heart of child and build good character with lasting effect.
newspaper, i feel that the use of computers is no big deal.
would you rather your kids to learn things from the facts or learn from friends?
people get lazy and changes while being on the computer an mount of time, .
that law still exists and has been used many times to defend people arguing to keep their work, their words, and their ideas out in the world.
there are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate at anytime.
i check online for homework and in online shopping twenty minutes.
the horse came and ran in a circle.
you need your brain cells for school.
if every thing went by one mans rule of what to and not to read we would down grade as a country and .
, a for , says that sites like have skyrocketed in popularity over the .
so there is my opinion on this little matter.
finally, offensive movies are actually offensive, whether this be to the kid himself, the parents, or the audience that the movie is targeting.
cycling in the desert and up down hills made it harder and hotter.
now a days nobody cares if materials are offensive, just as long as they sell.
while in the greenhouse she says, that, at least, she could hold on to.
the snow will melt because the weather changes.
that was another example of how this author was happy about his life.
even if the matter of the subject is offensive to some people, the books or other items should be left on the shelves.
what do you do?
i think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons.
i love many different kinds of music , most of it is very fun to listen to.
in this case it would seem as if the library not having one thing because of something offensive, could cause a big catastrophe.
ban your children from life in general?
everyone should have a computer in there home today.
with exercising can go outside and play sport such as basketball, soccer baseball, etc.
they would come to that library and complain about them actually taking that off the shelves.
movies should also be censored.
other books are not, some more than others.
some might say that is unfair to that one group who does not agree with the content of a material.
on the computer, you can chat with people from anywhere.
in that situation i would just go on computer and a friend asking them for the assignment.
its good for your health, got fresh air.
this is were the internet comes into play.
for example the was further route, he takes is not only , but also has no place to get water.
computers are a helpful interesting & even fun peace of technology.
you need the computer so you can print picture for your report.
now with more technology coming out like cellphones, and laptops; kids would rather hang out with their friends and not with the families.
of people believe is very important did you know that.
these electronic wonder help us and our planet in some many ways.
many play cricket, basketball, soccer, or tennis.
the cyclist feels a growing desperation as the setting around him gets progressively move bleak.
mothers do not want to go get their child out of jail from doing something that was just like the song they like to listen to.
also it will help you get more information on homework and you can get a better grade.
the author described the love of his family throughout this memoir and his friends also.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very relaxed and happy.
by taking books out of libraries, we are limiting our freedom of speech.
instead of going online, get going outside.
lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends.
censorship in libraries is something that needs to go away for good.
the reason why this story is caring is because they all the people stay there and they aid them until those people could move.
for instance, i have a grandma that lives in .
if libraries have to do that then so should all the other entertainment industries.
i was so exited.
so you see these things are a problem but nobody removed us.
one mood in this memoir is courage, these two people show courage when they get here and they keep that courage for a very long time.
certain books, music, movies, and magazines are not always as bad as what some people think.
there are positive things about the computer and as well as negative things.
also lots of people get offended with violence and lots of gore.
another example is there were dangerous animals like snakes that he came across.
the things that the callers were saying were very offensive towards the woman who had expressed her feelings.
i recently waited to get to know a students better.
people were rushing around with huge suitcases and bags.
if so had done it affect thous.
most books have a true story behind them and i believe that everyone needs to learn about this kind of stuff sometime in their life.
i like fiction stories then nonfiction.
the features of the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist in the story, in many ways.
so he drank more water than usual.
therefore, the features of this essay explain how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
that is why computers have a very positive effect on people around the world.
all in all we cannot get extinguish the flames of our past or we never have a future
for example, people that have businesses they are going to need computers.
this setting gives you a vivid picture of were the cyclist is heading.
computers let us keep in touch with others.
if people spent as much time exercising then they spend on the computer, then the average weight of a human will go way down.
in paragraph the author talks about the unity and friendship throughout his neighborhood despite the racial differences.
i had revised my syllabus twice.
you learned something new!
okay yeah we have cell phones but not everyone can afford them.
there are many website that can help a student to use for help in any subject.
what if their is a person that only reads scary books?
you also have to think how would that affect the business of stores, libraries, and other businesses.
which can cause people to loose time and friends.
all she knows is what she learned in her country .
it does this when he tells us that his parents immigrated just for him.
dear local newspaper: you think computers are great for everyone?
so she becomes determined to pass the test.
the child feels sad because they feel ugly and they lose self esteem.
using computer keeps people inside and not exposed to nature.
censorship is when a person or organization in authority does not allow people to see things that they believe are inappropriate.
lastly, computers keep you from doing anything productive.
you can be playing a game and still chat.
some of them are
secondly, having computers in our society can make life a little easier for some people.
we can look up historical facts on the computer.
no matter what religion, ethnicity, or moral values you hold, just because it is offensive to you does not mean that it is offensive to everyone.
any and everybody can come and read any and everything they please.
my favorite sport is baseball and i am pretty good.
just because the fact of some people might not like the things that would be in a library or things that they have in the library.
items are all over society.
i soon got chubby and gained about lbs!
for example fast is like texting.
using the computer can access quick information.
although the invention of chat online was meant as quick easy communication it became a horror crime in most cases.
the author of the winter hibiscus concludes the story with the paragraph to show the connection between the hibiscus and .
but overall the mood is sad.
lastly, the author creates a mood bravery and caring.
there is no way to get those back, either.
what might be offensive to one person could be a lifestyle or interest to another.
as technology to affect our lives, we used to remember that being healthy is more important than sitting on a computer all day.
finding a great family movie to watch is the best feeling ever.
the things that should be censored are a very small percentage and it is not worth the risk.
it is a reflection of sunlight that falls on it.
computers do have positive effects on people.
having a computer could make you have draw perspective of everything.
dear, are many people who use computers this advanced technology we have.
i think that the people who think these kinds of things are offensive should just stay away from these things and stop complaining.
the internet has all the information in the world, and people abuse .
the author uses symbolism to convey a different message.
they have become a part of life and a way to be a part of life outside of your house, even if you have to stay at home.
so you see computers are not that bad.
everything is a personal opinion.
the computer give some one motivation.
was mostly about the love those two people shared for each other and the man went through after his love died.
i learnt a lesson of my life.
these features also taught him the lesson to not take advise from old men who have not left their porch because their information be out of date.
she would never forget how her parents turned her house into a home, where she belongs.
and then the other old man asked him did he know the best way there.
these books range from romance, action packed, and scary.
this was all in result of using a computer.
well i know i .
have the right to freedom of speech.
in the age games you must communicate and talk to your team if you want to win.
he found out that white light is made up of seven colours.
parents and teachers are always pushing their kids to go out, read and learn new topics other than what is being taught in the classroom or at home.
later on the setting was against him.
i know kids in school use foul language all the time.
the government is trying to control us with censorship.
during school i type up my essay.
not everyone has to listen to rap, nor do they have to listen to opera.
happy and grateful stand out as the two most important moods.
the mood created by the author in this memoir would probably be gratefulness.
in the story rough road ahead the author takes a trail he had previously heard about.
high school student.
this quote shows that for his parents loving him, he gives them love.
so people do not have the right to blame the author for what he or she writes down.
i believe that everyone has a right to read anything they want, books are made to be read and looked at.
its part of life.
another feature that effected the cyclist was the lack of water.
we sure need computer to look up information these days.
i showed to her just like any other time we had gone to the library.
you can set up an email or a chatting account to talk with friends and family.
he was riding in a desert which is very hot, with little civilization to help him.
he will get dehydrated.
soon, though the terrain changed.
unless it is a closely grounded secret.
many people, a days work at home, they have their own office.
i take that very offensive because, back during the time when black were not able to do certain thing, the whites would refer to blacks as monkeys.
my name is , and during essay i am going to show you what i am talking about.
it allows parents to have their children closely monitored without actually monitoring them.
since the plant reminds her of home, when it buds she will be more confident to take the test.
it does not grow every whereas the mango tree.
when the road get bumpy, he gets tired.
you have to look at it in the publishers view also.
there are many things people see, hear, and read about that be offensive.
the first reason why computers are bad because cause addition to your child.
finally the last reason i believe computers are a good idea is that they allow people access to more knowledge with the internet.
the author is using the ???
this helps because first it makes their, it also can be changed quicker and easier.
however, that does not mean there should not be any limitations.
many things can affect a cyclist.
it also gets harder as you go, getting from just three letter words to five letter words to even seven letter words and so on.
the computer can help you with all of this but is bad for you too?
you can easily keep fit if you obey the laws of health.
but if a book talks about certain things it should be banned, such as hate against other races, or it talks negatively about someones religion.
history in books can sometimes even be offensive depending on someones lifestyle or background.
yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, i am the first one to admit that but, it also hurts your heath.
that is why it is good to have a computer.
those are what i think the moods are created by the author.
he was beginning to lose hope.
our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons.
what kind of society would we have then?
a bus stop hums with life and activity.
some people think computers are an improvements to society.
they will have to work harder to satisfy the difficulties that you seem to be having with the library.
when on the computer there is no enjoying the outdoors.
now on to more about using computer for homework.
he believes in discipline.
parent blockers can only do so much.
perhaps he or she reads something that his or her parents did not intend on teaching them for some time.
go outside and watch them instead of looking at the computer screen.
libraries are great for multiple reasons.
all the heat built up a desire for him to get water.
studies show that of the kids who use his or her computer for more than hours a day is obese.
it might be a good idea for some libraries to do the same with books and magazines.
this is how the setting affected the rider.
again, censorship is relative to the person looking over the material.
along with not being good for the environment, it is also not good for the economy.
this is just one step need to take to get a healthier lifestyle.
while she stares at the hibiscus then the geese flying in the air, she thinks that she does have a chance in passing the test.
there have been arguments over it so severe that it has went to court!
anyway even if we try to go on different sites we get redirected to a blocked website.
realize that these sounds are not what you should be spending!
you can just look up who has gotten more home runs and there you go.
maybe a newspaper talks about a great disaster and every one swarms the stand attacking each other.
when people go on the computers they forget all about things they do.
have them grow up the way they want to grow up.
along with personal the memoirs also show a very loving and happy lifestyle they lived.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
if we did not have search engines, life would be a lot harder.
also you can use the computer to study and learn easier ways to do something for any subject.
computers are also useful for lending us the ability to research far away places or other topics that they just have.
thinks when the time a to, kids have to type up essays and prompts that its unimaginable.
my first reason why they are good is because you ran talk to others.
to get information.
it brings them together and helps them reconnect with each other.
much throughout the story, this is the mood.
what happens when are forced out into the real world and cant really do anything?
the cyclist gets very excited when he sees this, and gets a great feeling of hope.
there would be something just a bit different or new about whatever that person is checking out.
but yes i think that there should be any kind of magazine, movie, or book at the library that you need.
i feel like authors, artists, musicians, and writers should have the freedom to write and say what they want.
the author is explaining how their house was always open to anyone that ever needed, all wanted to come, which is a very welcoming feeling.
there is this one thing about computers that remains constant.
at one point in the story, she cries out of mourning for her grandmother because the hibiscus plants bring back aware of memories.
some features of the setting affected the cyclist.
this past i was in , and i had to stay with this family.
do you agree with me that we should be aloud to read, listen to or view what we want?
my father wanted me to join a school.
in my opinion i agree that it benefits society.
students take part in various curricular activities.
another thing you can do is learn about recent events.
you could do something quite like draw a nice picture.
in the end, libraries should consider censoring their books, or if the book is bad enough and gets enough complaints, take it off the shelves completely
i think that if there are books, music , movies, or magazines that we should have a right to take it off the shelf if its offensive.
i say it honestly shows and maybe teaches others not to do the same thing.
one amazing on a computer is the world wide web.
he keeps them in touch by his quick and regular service.
no matter the case, with work a computer always helps.
the invention of , and instant messaging was never meant to be a bad thing, but it sure did turn into one.
she gets paid loads of money.
there are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework.
every day you learn something new!
libraries should not censor the material that they put on the shelves just because someone does not like it.
the rider says the sun was beginning to beat down.
these examples show the many ways the setting affected the cyclist.
my blood ran cold.
there, in my opinion, needs to be a room with said materials that children have, in no way, access to.
this quote shows that the hibiscus was the reason for her determination.
do you ever find it easier to talk to someone on the computer, than it is in person?
he was, trying to keep balance in my dehydrated state.
my father told me never to give up.
it also effects him because he had an advantage.
their are great things to at the local park every day.
do you have a picture of your cat?
whatever the cause be they have the right to expose their children to anything they see appropriate.
computers can basically be called a gateway to learning.
books are meant to entertain readers, why not just do that.
computers are not family there are not going to make you exercise there going to make you lazy.
being out helping the town is way better than sitting in your house on the computer!
later, these children will be able to chose for themselves they think is acceptable, and the censorship can end.
also, people use computers for work and jobs.
when the people use the computer, there are many choices that they have to make, like what websites to go to and what to download or watch.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
he appreciates what his parents have done for him.
but instead, they get too addicted to , and that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip.
dear newspaper, i firmly believe that computers do have a positive benefits on society.
it has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way.
there are many books that are offensive to people.
what other people take as offensive might be taken to others as something they value.
and i truly believe that this content students read in schools and libraries across has something to do with it all.
another thing the computer can teach you is about animals.
can i ever forget the octogenarian who stayed with us for two days.
people rely on libraries as a source of knowledge, and we need to work to keep that source ever growing
this example could be used for any topic or genre of book because people can take many different things as offensive.
once again i do believe computers can have a positive effect on people.
first, they help people learn by looking up information on different places.
you just have to be strong and take anything that comes your way, and you have to be ready for it.
in such ways, this can show anger.
this gives her confidence that she can pass this test if the plant can come through the tough winter that they are going through.
there are also a lot of magazines, music, and movies.
when you read a classic it acts as a history book to show us how it was to live during the time it was written.
for example rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
but how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day.
on the christmas day, my parents gift me something special.
every kid likes to play on the computer.
i love my brother.
i started laughing helplessly at myself.
if someone lives to far away and their is something important then the is great.
computers have caused damage to people!
dear , have you ever wanted to see the whole world with just a click of a button.
i was able to come to this conclusion because by waiting for winter to be over to take the test again, she is giving herself time to prepare.
the press is allowed to print anything, and we the people read it.
i remember a time when i called my aunt from my cell phone, and it wasted my minutes.
books, music, and movies today talk a lot about sexual intercourse, illegal drugs, and criminal involvement.
two minds are better than one.
while the went to extremes for their survival, their setting caused them to feel the same hopelessness as the cyclist.
many people use computers in their every day life.
we all have our favorite books and some we like others not.
i think that things that are bad should be removed from the selves and placed some where else.
hot, alone, no water all are reasons why the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
in the time that it takes for the hibiscus to grow she will be growing also as a person and so will be ready for the test.
in short, we call it a ‘bike’.
just how some of my friends said that they feel relaxed when they read a book.
having a computer also helps people in need and also inform people about far away places in the the world.
computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization.
first, we need them to communicate to other people.
some people think that materials in a library should be censored while others think everything should be allowed to be there.
the conclusion of the story leaves readers to wonder if she will try harder and pass the test for the second time.
the story is somewhat sad.
at the same time a library can have pros and cons to its information.
in my experience, i know that when i was to young to understand the happenings of , my parents intercepted the stories from me.
some of them are
show or you can watch music videos.
overall, computers are great, but you have to know when, and how long to use it.
we study in the same school and in the same class.
before you go somewhere and you want know a little more go on the computers.
although, it could be bad because it takes away from freedom of choice.
if this short story had a different setting, then the story would not make much sense.
the following day both i and my sister went school.
a child enjoys perfect freedom.
children and adults are spending too much time on the computer, which causes to lose eye sight.
substitute other objects or ideas with this, if one person in the world was offended by another person would you just remove them from the human race?
being connected and diving off the deep ends are too different concepts.
my guess, not much.
those sites you have to use on.
it seems to give people to boost up their style and ways to act, such as music as the number one offensive material.
she flirted with him on and on, day after day until one day her friend logged on and found out the man was really and a pervert.
have you ever started a conversation with someone and realized you have been talking for an hour and a half?
many people think the book should be censored.
this is why the books should be out in the open for all to see, but taken to a secluded section.
censorship has been the topic of many debates involving politicians, activists, and the everyday citizen.
she is going to overcome the problem.
rowing a boat provides a lot of fun.
there it is .
even though there are books not written for all ages they are still deserving of a reader.
authors of the books should not be punished for what they choose to write about by taking their books out of the library.
that statement is a serious thought that clearly came from the heart.
the computer can also help with business.
everyone has the right to read or watch whatever makes them happy.
how many times would china be in the newspaper?
this includes pictures, blogs, comments and.
for an example music, music is a great cause of things that people motivate to do things and get really into the songs.
in the evening, we went for a walk on the mall road.
his job requires a lot of hard work.
computers are also important and helpful in the home.
the children just need to stay in there own age levels.
one of the of statements is of speech giving people the right to say and wright what they want.
the and i thought up some great ideas while i was and we think for one week in we are going to live without any electricity!
i truly believe that the planet would be better with out computers.
without computers, society would not run as smoothly as it does now.
books on and , .
they now have planes that can be flown by a man far away and this would save there lives even if it gets shot down.
is a video of two guys beating a homeless man to death with a hammer and screwdriver.
you can learn things on them or play games.
i know a thirteen year old named .
asking the library to censor their materials is like asking the internet to censor theirs.
not saying that we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way limit it.
so if you walk in the teenager section and you are looking for a good mystery book.
no that not right it just pure wrong.
if the parent chooses to limit access, then they should be active in the process of selection.
this is why all items need to be available to the public.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is they had no problem finding a house.
for example, they could need directions or some ones phone number or answers.
back in only of the population was obese.
first, when the cyclist sees the grape juice factory, he is reminded that he is out of water and is doubtful about even living.
take it away.
if you censor all of that material out less movie tickets will be bought, less books will be sold, and less music will be listened to.
whether it be in books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else.
it was a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least i still had the energy to feel sorry for myself.
getting a paper by email is much easier than getting it in pen with samples.
people like you and me use computers to keep in touch with friend and people we know.
the whole memoir is looking fondly back at his home that he grew up in.
the cyclist should not have taken the old peoples advice for granted, but will now look onto peoples sense of directions.
he should attend school regularly.
i hope you can read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them.
they are everywhere.
this combination of features in then setting causes a great deal of distress to the cycling, and almost pushing him to death.
some media says to abort the baby just because it is easier.
we never thought something like that would happen, it did.
there are some reasons to which i am saying this.
in the memoir, the author creates a very peaceful mood.
the book are put there for a reason and not just to be walked past.
people who put there time to writing all of there thought and ideas in that should not be just thrown off the shelf.
but the worst is you will not live as long as you would if you were healthy.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a mood.
especially loves that there are always people around their table and extended family comes to see them.
the main way of online communication is or .
the cyclist thought for sure that he was going to die out there.
then a movie arises that is offensive and it is taken off the shelf.
there could be many different meanings of this paragraph that could have importance to the story.
also, books are things that can be discussed and everyone can make their own opinions about.
computers are not good toward society.
of students get out of school and go straight to the computer.
nobody wants their children growing up too fast, but do not limit their growth.
someone who has been a write their whole lives checks out the question, and answers ion great detail.
by doing this you will burn calories and get to learn the same stuff you would have on the computer.
you can play a number of games off the internet.
if someone finds them offensive, so be it.
i mean yea i read articles from magazines but like i said mostly listen to music.
how would you feel if you were forced to only enjoy the exact things that everyone else enjoys?
not only can you gain weight or lose weight just by being on the computer.
thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that i have to offer.
i know that you would feel like dirt that someone would do this to your hard work.
computers have given us to many part to learn.
people were ordering online to get new computers.
it turns out to be not only his last hope for water, but an abandoned grape juice factory.
for exam pull has news about what is going on in the world.
with how the human race is everyone is going to hear something bad or even see something.
than it keeps that mood going when he tells us about all the people that come over regularly for dinner.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can find what you need in minutes.
do you know you can enjoy nature anytime?
and last they help at school or work.
furthermore, children also have access to the public library.
so he is on his way to the nearest town which is miles away and he thinks he can make it.
this is where you could write something down in the computer, send it to anyone and receive a reply within seconds.
children of the age to should be able to read books with any profanity.
the last mood that their was was harsh and sacrifice.
one affect was the lack of water in the area he was in, which was a dessert.
removing books, magazines, and other materials off the shelves in a library leads to an unsuccessful empty library.
in the state of , about of people have a laptop or a computer in their home.
is different, and nobody has the right to tell them what exactly is right or wrong, up to a certain point.
now that hes drinking more water his running out of it faster and wanting more and more of it.
the idea of taking a book off the shelf is a bad because people want to read books like that.
for example, in my recent project in social studies class i need to go on the computer to get information on the subject.
he will never forget growing up and living in that house.
he did not think he would get that after seeing a deserted town.
what if the library is closed if you do go, then you wasted some time.
the towns that passed through that were supposed to have people were in fact deserted.
all of these features cause the cyclists to take one long, tiring journey through the desert.
you should have a certain amount of time on the computer and go have fun and do what you want to do except go on the computer.
with over the population being obese, something needs to be changed.
we should spend more time with friends family or go outside, and enjoy nature.
he probably feels very moved and passionate on the subject and wants to convey that to the readers in a subtle way.
if people want this is going to be a big war.
the computer is defeating that purpose.
that could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family.
what if at you job you need the internet.
public libraries should be able to keep all sorts of content for all sorts of people.
we depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and provide entertainment, just to name a few.
family and friends are huge parts of our life.
she plays with me.
she bought it for more then her mother said for all of the seeds in the garden.
or do you think they could be useful in many ways?
well with taking it off she made of the songs that they did not like.
if advances continue that number will increase and other problems arise from it.
my friends and guests praise my garden.
do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone?
they can help us with many things, above and beyond.
when she explains the kitchen she talks about the music and the aromas and all the love of her parents.
you can chat with them!
libraries should put the movies in the adult section of the library.
it shows that like the geese who care and come back, she will have time to study and pass her test.
but what if one of your family members is on the other side of the world?
you never know what new technology could bring.
i urge you to support me by writing a positive article on computer and how the help the society.
get up, get active and go outside.
something has to be done to put an end to this madness.
my parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers.
if you are trying to get work done or learn and there are distracting items on the shelves then it make things more difficult.
so he turned his computer to type it, he gets on at.
there is also a great rush of passengers at the inquire office.
since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely for that child to become obese.
censoring could become a casual thing, and books could be thrown out daily!
magazines can help us with research or just to now what is happening in this world today.
as you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life.
the author also concludes with the paragraph because she feels heartbroken that life is not going her way and that she needs to do something about it.
first and foremost our children today are already struggling in their educational systems.
but taking these books off the shelves means no one will see them.
what is it?
i can tell because all they eat is junk food.
a misleading challenge , but a challenge .
you can instantly talk to people and catch up with them.
many times researching an animal will take you online because more modern books note good website to travel to for more information.
there is a new look everywhere on earth.
i remember when my sister was in grade, she never took her eyes off the computer.
we thanked god that we had landed safely.
he mentions the love that he had of cooking with his parents.
on a computer communication is made easier.
however, when those in power use censorship to attack ideas they disagree with, it becomes a form of oppression.
i thoroughly agree with that statement.
you might not like , you might even hate .
when the road began the change, the speakers determination did too, flat road were replaced by short hills.
for example, there are books out there that talk about the .
it has gone from just being able to go to school to the various ways to increase your intelligence on the computer.
what kind of books can elevate our nature?
first i would like to say that you can interact with family and friends.
the rating system would decrease the complications and help others to be more free with their decisions
to remove or not to remove should people be able to remove books that are offensive?
it can find you news, and it can help you communicate across the globe.
goat milk is expensive.
sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change.
so, one day the child decides i am going to check out a book at the library.
the words in songs can be offensive.
computers can also help by talking to people.
as he travels he is met with barren land, no water and no people in sight.
another opinion of mine on this subject, is if these kinds of material offend someone then they could not go to that area of the library.
also, it depends on what what the ages the kids are or adults.
so my suggestion is to not move them and let them stay on shelves just as any other book would
i personally think that certain materials that are found offensive should not be removed from shelves.
but some of those books have a meaning behind it.
last minute things can even be online.
but why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or cannot get from their library?
first the setting does not look like what the cyclist has been told it lacks like.
i think the last time i spent some time with my family was about weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit.
in a house with too many servants or masters, there wiil be no order.
the kids can look at this stuff and see violence.
i think people should have more ideas.
and i still feel the same way about the music as i do with books.
different people like different things.
young adults play video games, read books in school related to .
the last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard.
but then again we could all wonder where would we be today without computers.
if the summary is too vague, then they know to read a few pages inside the book.
they were gone.
it was a lovely evening.
even though people use their computers too much, the tasks they complete help our world run smoothly.
books are vital to learning things.
let me explain why computers can ruin lives.
it tells us what was happening at that certain time.
all things have a story to tell.
those who pursue a true wanting to gain knowledge will look at many different kinds of informational items, no matter the subject.
it also help people like cops.
she found she was still to shaky to say the words at home, lest the burst into tears again.
lastly you can plan your trip.
these cards allow the person to have access to adults' materials depending on the kind of card the person has.
the setting in the essay rough road ahead makes the bikers travel a very difficult challenge that he has to overcome.
the issue to grapple with is, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
the censorship should be used only to help the kids.
for me reading books helps me escape the real world and catch a break.
life would have been much more difficult.
music helps people find their activity in many ways.
with material far away, people can be reassured in small towns that material will never upset their community.
first, the town the cyclist first comes upon is described as a ghost town.
you can even talking online with your friends on computer!
people use the computer for school work.
the ones that stay behind closed doors and rarely ever come out.
whats not to like?
some adult come into the library looking for one of these books, so then they can ask and find them.
everyone needs to stay away from the bad people online.
we can feel our heartbeat if we place our hand on the chest.
these ratings help censor things to a certain extent.
censorship in general is a way to hide reality and sugar coat the struggles within life itself.
some of the towns he was told of which turned out to be deserted, and as he could not find water there he soon because dehydrated.
many use the internet in research other countries.
if something is offensive to you, you have the right to stand up for yourself.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and computers even allow people to talk with people online from all parts of the world.
i know for a fact that every kid dreams of a place that they would love to visit.
it was a very heavy downpour.
now control can be difficult, and not always work if not handled correctly.
if so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside.
i not have children, but i do have younger cousins.
then last he is near no towns so he cant get anymore water, so the setting does effect the cyclist.
just because it offends some people does not mean it should be taken off the shelf because other people might need that book.
computers are good and benefit a lot of people in these ways.
overall, my opinion on if censorship in libraries should be extinguished.
finally, i just want to say that if you have a problem, keep it to yourself.
in this way we have done great loss to ourselves.
is is because technology is taking over their life and clouding their vision of the more important things life has to offer.
a movie that many people have seen recently is slumdog .
i feel that there are some positive and some negative effects from using the computer.
it also can start serious issues with feuding religious groups or persons of different ideas.
well are lives without computers can be bad.
people minds would not be wondering, learning or being kept excited.
then you would have to make the graph by hand making sure not to mess up.
finally, as the earthquake in i was able to donate through the website.
i frequently use this program to talk to my sister at college.
this happen by letting the computer be your constant companion.
many people think one way about something, while other people think of it completely different.
how do i stay in contact with them you use?
i kid you not, after hearing about sad video it has inspired me to be a successful person and not become homeless.
this is first reason.
you can even get a college degree online if you wished.
now that you know about the positive and negative effects of computers, which side will you choose?
there are predator all over the internet and can pretend they are someone from school and ask where you live.
libraries should be more aware of how people feel about the way they are set up and presented to the public.
of my family also live far away.
desilting of rivers in the plains will also help.
if you chatting with someone, you can still chat with another person.
also his family was always happy.
that without computers it will be different.
and had the flavor of battery acid.
libraries are meant to be a place of learning and they should be kept that way.
not only do you just talk to them you could do a webcam chat, so you could also see them.
surely this effect could be very serious.
it also helps by accessing and surfing the internet to more useful stuff.
she felt that it was from the devil and pure evil.
this could make some satisfying results.
on one side sat the musicians with shehnai and its accompaniments.
i came to a ramshackle shed [and] several rusty pumps the sight was troubling.
no child needs to be put under a bad influence.
or play games?
other articles that have no reason for being offensive should be taken off shelves.
the computer is a positive advance in society, and everyone should be assured so!
obviously, we must stop relying on technology to help, and begin activities ourselves again.
computers allow you to look up those places.
he also says some of the people who became depressed start thinking of suicide.
(par ) this gives the memoir a friendly mood, it shows that the author loved his whole neighborhood.
then he kept going and he experienced a fork in the road.
now a great change has taken place.
for this cyclist one of the biggest problems is the heat.
do not read the book or magazine.
how many of you have ever heard any offensive language?
this affected his mood because he had hope again.
well its so learning a new culture is a faster way of making friends.
if my ambition is fulfilled, i shall do my best as a teacher.
some say they are helpful to society and others say not.
first of all, a group of young boys and girls came on the stage.
computers allow fun, communication, educational purposes, and work uses.
you know the setting disappoints him when he sees the terrain he has to cross as well.
why do people think it is such a big deal to be able to check out books, magazines, music, and movies from the library?
if censorship is allowed, what is to come is frightening.
everyone grows up in a different lifestyle.
there will never be a dull moment.
then after thinking he noticed that he had listened to some old folks that had never even been off their porch.
when you are looking for a book and you find one that seems offensive just put it back on the shelf and move on.
aside from being a great source of communication, computers are fantastic for searching and research.
the author ended with this to show that she is motivated and determined to do this.
take out the offensive things, or just put them in different sections
instead of fixing to all these meetings you can simply do it over webcam.
he wanted to get their because it was so hot.
as the author observes in paragraph , wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, i could drop from heatstroke.
i think other materials in libraries such as music and art should stay active in public libraries or school libraries.
therefore everyone should have an ambition.
when adults or unmarried people see their favorite actors being naughty on television, it makes it seem right.
this section are for the younger children.
in fact, i just got invited to a party yesterday over .
or they could play educational games.
there are a few reasons for this.
so are you going to let technology pass you by?
there was no one in sight, not a building, car or structure of any kind, as told by the man.
but are they getting used to much?
the driver came out of the bus.
or even going to a party and end up doing something that might kill them.
the only place you can find a giraffe is if you go on the computer and search a giraffe.
we need computers to do this.
my last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running.
she found the plant to be very comforting and it helped her get passed the tough times.
it gets shipped to our house in less than a week.
with this in mind, there comes a problem with what is wrong and right.
, electronics expert.
in the world today, many teenagers and young adults are becoming more involved.
thus, the order becomes a habit.
so the effect of computers on people is .
life will become tough.
i do not think that certain materials should be removed for many reasons.
either way there will be angry people and people that will be bursting with joy.
however, the is also for computer.
i believe we could organize our books, movies, music, and magazines in a different way.
when i got down stairs she told me i had to write it so i got a because she could not read what i wrote.
the mood i think of his warming, happiness, and joy.
the mood that was created by the author is loving.
the author concludes winter hibiscus with the paragraph because it continues the theme of adjusting to changes in life.
finally, the internet fools people into believing they can go on easy diet eat.
primary ones include the ability to exchange messages with friends and family, help in the medical field, and expansion of knowledge.
you just have to keep the time minimum we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home.
she is the healthiest person i know and rarely spends anytime on the computer.
the persons health their the users well being.
people think they are bad, but all you have to do is look a little deeper and you will find the good in .
throughout this memoir a very important mood is portrayed and that is thankfulness.
i honestly say some of these censored words.
maybe you are a third grade teacher and the little kids are driving you nuts, go to , and educational and fun website.
other people were also buying books and magazines.
computers are helpful piece of technology and one of the best.
teachers from those schools reported that there were some very subjective words and events in the book.
his method of teaching is convincing and inspiring.
when you start to remove books from libraries you are taking away the chance for a student to learn a certain moral from that book.
i believe it is important you go along with your religious beliefs.
i believe if a child comes home with a book, movies, etc.
she said when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then she will take it again.
that is not natural.
some music found in libraries can be somewhat offensive to some people.
lets just say you forgot where a relatives house is you can easily type in your address and his address and easily get directions.
censoring materials in the library could resolve in many problems.
i do not believe that is very offensive at all.
it was so hot where he was that he kept drinking his water without realizing it until he only had a couple of sips left.
more and more movies are advertising sex and drugs in their movies.
this should also include books, music, movies, magazines, and any other form of entertainment.
how the features of the setting affect the cyclist by taking and not had the right setting.
now a world where every country got along because of online friendships.
because of them lived a life filled with happiness and love.
in conclusion, i believe that allowing any one person to take a certain book, movie, or off of a shelf is not very smart.
its almost like rewriting history.
it bothers them they could get in trouble with school and at home.
it is the most efficient way to talk to friends.
i am the kid that has no choice in the matter.
almost everyone is effected by computers in some sort of way.
i would be two because sometimes a whole chapter could be bad or in music a whole lyric could be bad.
she is also sad because she failed her driving test.
for example, i help my sister with her multiplication on a math game we have.
why is cool?
these books are all made for a reason and have there own purpose on why they are put there.
i believe using a computer is part of you healthy choices and you can lean a lot more than you really think you can.
family to take time from away from us.
computers are a waste of time because they can make you.
if these such parent do their jobs correctly then the youth of will not need for everything to be censored.
all these ways of communicating with people around the world are very beneficial to many people, especially those with family or friends living in another town.
instant , would all have drifted apart and never talked again.
dear newspaper people, you might heard on the new, more and more people thing computers are the benefits of society.
this is why the hibiscus is so important to the story.
i agree with the experts who think that we should spend more time outdoors with friends and family.
if someone finds the book offensive, the fault is not of the book being there, but of the person being in the wrong section.
the effects computers have on people is good (for the most part).
authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works equally acknowledged by the public.
the computer also helps to give you and get you knowledge.
a poll even says that of people get headaches and feel tired after being on the computer.
computers are also very good for information as i said earlier.
a recent study by and the studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer.
the flower represented the light and hope for the future.
do you have any computers in your house, if so how many?
dear , this a letter telling you my opinion about computer.
it will start to get ?????
as soon as i put my ear to her head phones, i turned it off immediately.
this is another reason why i think computers are a good thing.
also, it helps people do work.
most people today neglect punctuality.
in the end he did make it and all it was worth it.
they cost a lot of money.
computers let us research so we get correct information with just a click.
the mood created by the author is happiness and gratefulness.
no matter how hard you try if you are using a computer, you will learn something.
they let people know what is going on in the world, and give updates on the condition of countries and events.
last it makes people have unbalanced meals and lose track of their diet.
after the third day of reading this book, we all sat down like usual ready to finish the book.
this made me very unhealthy i gained nine pounds in one week.
well the children will learn from those video games and movies.
this indicates that the mom is trying to tell her that she will get a second chance.
hostel life has many advantages.
so they try to get them out of the library.
first of these is the blazing heat.
so he is heading towards the nearest town when the terrain starts changing.
i use computers a lot.
individuals should all have individuality.
now you know what computers are doing to the people of the ?
computers save time and make your life easier.
she appears to think she is misunderstood an no one likes her, but just as the plant will adapt to this new life so will she.
i was going to die.
my opinion is that the more that we stay on the computer.
children see it outside of school and stay away from it then so they can stay away from it in school also.
i have read a book that people have wanted to ban and it was one of the best books i have read.
that knowledge i had obtain then had helped me later on my .
to whomever this concern, , almost everyone has them.
you need exercise to stay healthy too.
so, please listen up so i explain why i feel this way.
every work would be remove because at least one person is offended every work of the sort.
when we took a field trip to they had data bases there that had every name of the people that went through there.
another example is the singer .
i believe that computers make everyday work easier to do.
there are a lot of bad people in the world but it is mostly because of all the things that people read and see.
family is very important in the excerpt.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very warm with lots of love.
people go to the library to read, study and to have a quiet time.
if i was to send a message to some of my friends in through it would take seconds.
these conditions made it hard on the biker because he knew if he dropped from dehydration, no one would be around to save him.
these features leave him thinking he will die because there is no life around him.
censorship in libraries are not a good thing.
there is nothing wrong with that.
instead, she was with her every step on webcam, emailing and .
good and bad things come from this.
some people think computers are the lives of many people, but i have to disagree with those who say that.
some novels, more than others have a lot more graphic content such as .
in conclusion everything i have said about why being on the computer too long is bad for you proves that too much computer is bad for people.
this gives a sense of satisfaction and confidence.
my aunt got her online about six months ago, and just because of that, got promoted at her job.
many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their tasks.
they let him listen to his own music, and watch he wanted.
which are good for young children of age five through six.
another reason is because the road was very rough.
cause either way they going to be able to find away to get it.
whichever team scores more goals, wins the match.
maybe they will become ore friendly and become more outgoing.
all we can do block it out of our lives.
lastly, computers allow us to internet with friends from our chairs.
now we get to magazines.
libraries could even put all of the most inappropriate items in a separate section of the library.
there is a big blackboard too.
these are all good examples of why computers have a positive impact on the human race.
finding an appropriate book is not the problem.
studies show that of people gain weight because they cut down on exercising so they can have more computer time.
i could go on the computer and look it up.
i believe that the books with violence which helps to convey and important point which should not be missed should be displayed by school libraries.
lastly it can even increase you chances of finding a job or helping out your job.
on the other hand, i can see why adults would want the books censored.
some are more difficult than others and will have a greater impact on your life.
he had to put out more energy than if the hills were just flat.
critics think that the use of computers interferes with spending time with your friends and family.
the four pillars of religion-truth, purity, mercy and charity-stood firm in all the world.
do we stop expressing ourselves in the way we desire because it is not appropriate?
i think censorship in a library from certain things is a good option in cleaning up a mind poisoning mess
people can use the internet to send emails to each other.
people like different things.
who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is through letters or the phone?
the censorship of the articles of reading in our libraries should be kept to personal libraries and only to personal libraries.
while he is doing this he is talking on the computer with his dad who is doing the same.
student agreed that his friend have better jobs they know how to use computers.
it makes a bad impression on some people.
you could get to know some kids who live in you neighborhood that you never even knew.
these books should be locked up so children cant get them.
dear editor, i hear you are looking for your citizens opinion in if computers are bad or good.
or you can go on gaming sources, and interact with other people!!
dear local newspaper, too much technology!
the mood the author created in the memoir was happy and joyful.
according to a recent study, of citizens have talked with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet.
this will drastically change how we learn about news.
also, you can back hotels and look at live pictures with more than just .
does that seem fair??
another part of the setting that affects the cyclist is that he is in a very remote area.
in the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them.
magazines are different because they have peoples faces on the front cover which is uncalled for.
in the town everybody mostly has computers.
i keep saying that to her but she never listens.
she wanted to go to the zoo instead of the museum because as she said 'i want to see the animals, not a boring statue.
in the short story, do not exceed posted speed limit the setting effects the cyclist in the story.
the heat made him get dehydrated faster while he was using energy.
many people fear once we start removing certain books from libraries, more and more books will be taken from the public until almost all our libraries are empty.
that comes with voicing your own opinion.
if computers did not have such a on people this would not be a problem.
in the library, in our little town, splits up the variations of the reading materials,music,and movies.
kids use them to talk with friends, make plans, and catch up relatives.
first, i believe there is absolutely no reason for any child to see explicit material.
teachers immediately you have to talk to a supervisor about .
that is what i truly think the mood of the story is.
this is why, computer are an obstruction to us.
this made the cyclist tired and weary.
or maybe its just in our common nature for us to be offended when something we like gets made fun of.
this feeling is without words.
there are books up and down the shelves in the library that make people wonder they are up there.
so back to would everyone or some take to books, movies, music, magazines?
she took offense to that?
censoring the materials on library shelves results in very little materials left.
so the way he was suffering from dehydration physically effected his emotional state because he felt as though there was nothing he could do.
and last but not least computers take away from peoples family life and cause them to split up and become unhappy.
for example, here, we learn and .
furthermore, computers are on advancement in technology that this uses constantly.
when two opposing types collide, a burst of energy is released.
this was wrong.
first of all, who decides what is offensive and who it offends?
there are quite are quite a few who take to begging because of it.
i hope you take this letter consideration.
some are just the artist sing and dancing in a background other times people make fun of other artists.
the station master is in charge of the railway station.
although health is a problem community is a bigger one.
a final reason that libraries should be left uncensored is the difference of opinions.
maybe libraries can carry music that is censored instead of carrying music that is not censored.
and if we were to take all of those movies and books off of the shelf then there would be very few subjects and title to read and watch.
how is a young girl from a small town in supposed to find out how people in live their life?
now from ages years of age usually spend their time there and would likely read this type of information.
computers are negatively affecting the population.
i think that computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you to not spend time with you family as to go outside and enjoy nature.
i hope that you will understand my point of view and take consideration of my thoughts
so, as can be seen.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills this quote from the text shows that the cyclists terrain was changing and they affected him.
i feel that however possible, you should always talk to people in person and not through cameras and wires.
some people find something offensive while another person does not, therefore the music, books, movies, or magazines should not be removed from the shelves.
hello, my name is , i feel that there should be any genre of media in libraries.
in the passage,the cyclist had about different settings.
we can get physical health and fitness by taking part in games and sports.
how do you cook an exquisite meal?
learning, and the are online job to be online.
doing exercise is good for your health.
the question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good.
there are many possibilities as to why the author ended her story, winter hibiscus, in the way that she did.
computers are one of the best advances in technology ever made.
libraries have the right to censor any type of material that seems or is offensive to the community.
this line also describes the mood as very calm and loving because he is extremely grateful for the life his parents gave him.
i think that if something is found offensive then they should be in a special aisle.
with reluctance she agreed and stayed at home.
i strongly suggest you look over my terms.
now, this.
dear , the ages, technology has constantly been evolving and improving the way we think.
censorship was originally started during the ' ' in with the .
why stop some one from getting smarter?
for many, this deletes the purpose of going outside.
also she did a nice job because throughout the story i could feel her pain.
i say this because people can interact with other people online, people can research useful information, and finally computers help people find jobs and make money.
know one can live with out computers.
here the hibiscus mean hope.
this is affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends.
another thing is the land.
school officials have seen a dramatic increase in the typing speed of children since the program was started in .
you would forget to say hi and how are you to your family.
first reason is computers help learn yoga.
some are single coloured.
what a waist money.
the computer can take us anywhere.
a that has no books to read or magazines to inform you upon the latest gossip and fashion?
i love my classroom as well as my teachers.
my point is tons of people all around the world computers to learn.
by looking at those magazines or reading books about those people teenagers think that everyone is doing it.
some children go to the library without adult supervision and have freedom to check out whatever book they want.
this is why when these movies are played on television, they are edited so all audiences can watch.
but soon things change, he experiences new terrain and it becomes much harder.
dear , that use computers is a good thing.
the heat was also a factor quickly creating him weary and tired.
would you ever think that a computer can take to much time or keep you from doing lots of things.
if its there to read then let it be read instead of hiding it from them it only makes children more anxious to read or see it.
in the wedding hall, i sat next to my mother.
many types of people go to libraries looking for different things.
things like exercise, socializing and homework matter.
hills and animals on the road slowed down the cyclist even more.
third, it helps people with school and sometimes work.
computers can down.
lastly, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask one of their friends through the computer.
i was going to die.
what are the children of the world being taught?
so clearly computers are not our biggest problem.
labels such as or are set to prove that the following is open for general audiences with and without parental supervision.
section leads to young adult, then eventually the adult books.
you could do that too!
they have been the key to unlocking all sorts of cures for dangerous diseases.
another thing its commonly used for is just flat out entertainment.
everything is done on computers!
all in all , having computers is a great investment.
also, a study by the has shown that there are roughly fewer conversations at social gatherings than just .
exercise will most likely rid you of almost any type of discrimination because you will look no different or even better than the average person.
if it happened, it happened, and people have to know.
it has a high hump.
another point to get across is the library is also censored a little bit too.
he talks about the memories he had there.
then our teacher read out lovely stories.
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
you grow older it becomes more work and with a computer, you will have less weight on your shoulders.
no matter how offensive the topic is.
the features of the setting are causing him these problems and are the reason hid health is at risk.
the cyclist was growing tired from all the pedaling.
there is no bad effect of computers.
first, staring at a computer screen is unhealthy for your body.
if offensive material was banned from libraries, our society would have eliminated one more problem that is taking away from our good world.
the question is does computers have a positive effect on society?
the setting also affected him mentally because he was silently yelling at himself since he took directions from the old men.
this, to me, is the way it should be in all libraries.
so we can call people.
this would keep the child from reading too graphic of novels for their age and it would not offense the parents.
why talk on the internet to a friend when you can meet up with them and do something fun?
no i do not figure that.
i believe all libraries should have to have censorship in their library
but, you most likely are going to need a credit card.
indian culture clearly defines the importance of expressing love and obligations towards our parents.
sent over the , faster than any service.
same goes with books and movies, even music and magazines nowadays, and for certain people, even bibles.
all of these, and more give you the opportunity to chat with friends living far away.
not only have computers helped kid but they also help adults.
he is grateful for his parents and for their love and sacrifice.
no one person or group of people have a right to take away our freedom.
he is not very rich.
this topic was censorship.
dear , , computers are a big part of our society.
mechanics use the computer to create blueprints, officers use a computer to keep track of all the license plates.
there have been a lot of books, teachers view as being educational books, that have been taken off of the shelves in libraries.
this is the only means which has access to almost all corners.
, with a computer.
these are reason why computer could be a good devices.
the setting is an excellent way to portray his feelings of hopelessness, despair, and fatigue.
lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important.
the pigeons in the net also left the net to be flown and carried by others.
many people do not realize this, but at many libraries, there are sections specified for teenagers.
some college students have to look up their assignments and how to do them on their professors web page.
i am writing this essay to you to tell you.
everything you read in a book is because the author wanted you to read it, not to just put it to fill in or to be nasty.
he guides us in every possible way.
then no one would be able to find books about their religion, and no one would benefit.
the advances in technology have proven the sky have the limit the invention of planes.
if a person was to not want a certain type of books in the library, then i think that person should just try and ignore the books.
go on a walk or a bike ride or walk your dog while riding a bike!
my mother blessed me.
you can reconnect with distant relatives and old friends.
but just because one parent does not want their child to read ' ', does not mean that every child should be denied the opportunity to read it.
the third detail was that people gets very fragile and weak.
there was a specific reason as to why the author concluded the story with that quote.
in relieving her mother in the task of planting the seed that she had bought she began to mature.
however, is not the only person who agrees.
and think about how much computers have done for you.
they are the ones how want to go the rated movies or get a rated video games that have offensive language.
computers all over the world do not involve much interaction with any part of your body other than your hands.
this shows that the author obviously wants to convey a very rich and passionate the and mood to the memoir.
reading books is a passion to some and enjoyable books is a must for them.
this could also be a way to learn another language.
overall, computers are letting people broaden their horizons are lock of new things.
finally, she expresses happiness.
we also saw an elephant, a peacock, a litter of cubs and some fluffy little rabbits.
you can download videos, print out photographs and charge and other electronics.
this is a problem because almost every great book ever wrote has at least a few parts where it is slightly offensive to that certain reader.
all major corporations use computers to invest, sell products, and store information.
when we saw each other at school, we found hard to carry a conversation and took some getting used to talking face to face again.
as citizens, we have the right to free speech.
it becomes very pleasant and cool.
from my point of view, computers don' benefit society.
computers allow all of these essentials to be part of society, and the way this generation has decided to start our lives.
when you have to write a research paper?
computers are a wonderful household object to have that make life easier in many ways.
for example when want to talk to my cousin that live in .
the second way is helps is to give .
he works hard and loves his work.
i think they are important and needed.
finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate daily at no cost.
a large snake crossed my path.
so, i do not think that things should be censored just because a small group of people think that it is inappropriate.
secondly, computers allow people to gain knowledge in a matter of minutes on topic the sun.
yes it be true that adults like to read about sex, and drugs but do we really want our kids reading the same stuff that we read.
also, parents and kids who spend all day on their computer or laptop can be over weight.
but i also believe people can spend to much time on them.
why waste your time?
then the snow will melt and geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will return to take the test again.
those who support a trances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
rated movies they should be allowed in the library.
the theme is that one must overcome hardships and seek new beginnings.
books give us the inspiration to do great things.
every night i keep a handful of grain on my window sill for birdie.
they could also buy a magazine that looks perfectly fine on the outside but have offensive images on the inside.
the sections that they find harmful information should be closed to young children.
we would have nothing to read.
the computer positively contributes to our education, economy, and entertainment.
nature is very important and can be extremely fun, so this is a shame.
books are meant to be read and some authors direct the book to certain people.
movies bring out imagination and stories where people can watch and follow along.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
it would be impossible to make sure that nothing in libraries would be offensive to .
all of these things support that the internet makes learning about foreign places easy.
not only do people lie about their age, they lie about who they are.
so learning on computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time.
when i was a little girl i remember going to the often with my mother to pick out books for school.
another fantastic fact is that computers will grow in the future.
i know i do!
she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive i was etches against the evening sky, slowly seeing into the distance.
dear , i think we should have computers for great purposes.
would you want your book to be on the shelf at the library?
or are you going to walk over to those miserable books?
you stayed home both times just to be on the computer.
thaipongal is celebrated by the hindus.
you can also look out to nature.
the libraries and the community have choices to not have a offensive book on the self.
people can write letters to each other, but that can be time consuming, and show to delivery and response.
we live with many different people and we need to understand that not everyone is going to have the same views on life that we do.
last, you can have fun creating games and stuff to share with everyone.
computer also take precious time away from exercise.
computers also allow people to work easily.
i disagree that media materials should be taken of shelves for being offensive.
if not then i guess that child is out of luck.
the final paragraph talks about snow melting, geese returning and the hibiscus budding.
could you imagine life without computers?
it is all a big chain with many loops.
so he had to be really hot.
many parents do not talk to their kids about certain things, such as drugs.
this gives the cyclist his main conflict, the lack of water.
over the internet, you can search up unlimited amounts of information.
i got , with the help of computers i found out so much more about the country that i never even know about.
readers of the , censorship in libraries should never be an issue.
he waters them.
but over all there is the government who censors things going on around the world.
it is on the ground floor of the school building.
i find this to be completely true.
those are some of the reasons the internet is good for communication.
friendships are easily ruined and usually the cause of this is some kind of misunderstanding.
i think we need stuff like that on earth to show and to teach us the way to be.
can when you would rather waste the computer other than outside and at least self.
when a parent believes the child is ready to explore the adult section, they are free to take their kid there.
affect the cyclist in many ways.
this means that the author is trying to convey is thanks and gratitude on who his parents made him.
when she is more stable in the culture, get still has a firm grasp of her own, then she will be ready.
now, more then ever, you will find offensive things in libraries.
the author is proving that shell go back and shell be ready.
the cyclist was in a bad situation.
this quote explains welcoming people people creating the mood.
for the reason, people on the computers get fat from the unbalanced meal and never interact with people outside and nature outside.
the says that they opened the door to any one who came in and they always shared dinner with family.
finally, you use the computer for educational use.
i believe that people are entitled to their own opinion about what they choose to listen to, read or watch, everybody has their own level of maturity.
i believe that books should not be taken off the shelves of libraries because without books we would not know anything about life to survive.
some computers are really slow but not all of the new ones for , computers can also help you read better it has little .
he says at some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me.
once it is gone, it will be forgotten.
today more than of our population spends expensive amounts of time each day on the computer.
trees play an important role in purifying the air around us.
thus trees replace oxygen which is constantly used up and changed into carbon dioxide in breathing and burning.
lets say you had a party coming up, but had nothing creative to cook for food.
in the memoir, he talks about the house he grew up in and the love in his home.
the movies have a rating system which helps out for little kids.
he engulfs the in a profusion of thanks.
this is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research.
the freedom we have is a freedom of choice.
no on lived there, it was abandoned.
setting standards on computers can improve this problems and help exercising.
the hills appeared later in the story as the cyclist said flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
one reason i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people is because you could get obsessed with it.
books, newspapers, and magazines are good things, and they could be bad things.
the books were created to provide people, kids especially, with facts that no one else could share and it could help with expanding their vocabulary and knowledge.
each person has their own type of information and genres that they like.
it could have language, racial slurs, or anything else one might find offensive.
with all of these new (music ) shows and other reality sitcoms making air on , it has opened the door to crudeness all over.
but if i was to get one i would look at the important stuff on what it is and how to get it and all that kind of stuff.
this shows how the author is very proud.
these ideas and knowledge are too important to let censorship take away.
people that changed the world and other information.
dear , the effects computers have on people can be hurting our society or it can also be helping society.
the beetles sang about all the stuff singers sing about now.
now most people would think that it was only a storm, but the people in town who did not like the books blamed it on the party.
he is also very happy and proud about how he has great parents and a great house and very very fund memories of all these things.
for one, why should the books come off of shelves because some people do not like the plot of the series?
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive for three reason.
the setting how includes a large picture of a young boy drinking a refreshing glass of juice.
when he come to a rusted water pump black tar oozed out, you can picture the cyclist as furious and anxious and of course thirsty.
yes, i think what some people put in their music is not appropriate but we can always change the station on the radio.
next time feel the urge to update your status with something like ' got home,' call a friend over to go hang out at the park instead.
the cyclist felt black humor, due to the features.
typing fast and correctly takes practice.
therefore, libraries should not monitor what material is put on the shelf.
so our only option was the computer.
for centuries people have been writing,making video,and, all types of music.
in my opinion, i believe that libraries should remove anything vulgar from the shelves.
my finale reason as to why i think computers are good is they can help you on homework too.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this essay.
it started turning dark and he was still biking.
they are good at students too.
you could even read a book too.
knowing that they would do the same for them.
but if people changed with time, then there would really only be a few types of music.
the speed limit was .
discipline is very important for every school.
i believe books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
when they come back i will take that test again.
it takes away from people, and when they do that, it makes citizens feel like toddlers.
if you do that you will most likely have a much more balanced lifestyle.
this gave me a sense of how in times of struggle, people will come together and help each other push through.
getting rid of a book because of an unhappy parent does nothing but waste paper and intelligence.
he then came upon that has do and abandoned.
i have to do a lot of math problems for homework and i think it is much easier to use a calculator.
most kids spend so much time on the computer and they to do their homework.
in paragraph , he also shows how life with his family was.
the sunny hot weather will affect his will to ride.
computers can help people in so many ways you just have to realize it.
if you think that this is only going to help libraries, i dare you to go ahead and try it out.
he has no consideration for others.
so in conclusion you can see that computers are good but with self control they can be enjoyed with no bad side effects.
i hope you understand as to why i feel this way.
i love my personality.
just that one picture shows your team name, your last name, and your number.
they provide a wide arrow of games, educational can just plain fun.
we get newspapers early in the morning.
saving trees help us stay alive.
computers are advancing and so are their uses, computers are great and they are not our thought process or went to run around outside and play sports.
they are now a important and useful part of jobs people have now.
getting viruses are not cool you have to wait a week or so before they fix it.
you can learn about new things like people and places far away.
no one should lose exercise over playing virtual games and instant messaging on the internet.
they make people become unhealthy and can get their personal information hacked by a virus.
he is tall and healthy.
for the interacting with friends and family you can do that i mean how long can a person look at a computer screen.
he says in the story the speed limit was .
are offensive materials offensive to everybody?
now, an you can text people right from your computer!
you want to have the ability to learn about far away places?
some computers have programs that teach you how to type.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful and fortunate.
but robin is my best friend.
taking something away just because you think it is offensive, is like taking a little part of some one away.
i believe that books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else should not be removed if they are found offensive to anybody.
people can find what they like and stay away from what they do not like.
how fair is this?
it helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about leaving everything alone and breath.
this is just one many reasons why computers have a positive effect on people.
the final and most basic way that computers help for organization are document folders.
in a family it is kind hard not to.
i swim on a swim team for a .
if is unaware, problems can only be helped to a short extent.
i do not want to be the same as everybody else.
, in my opinion, the effects computers have on people are good.
maybe some others do like them and like to read them.
the material we read in books are sometimes offensive.
the way you feel about it should not affect the way other people feel see it
he read five books and only got a half a page notes for his assignment.
however, some people, myself included, have checked out or bought books and then realized what exactly was portrayed in those books.
computers is a positive affect for our country because it helps us find information for school and for location were to go.
finally, they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle.
some take offense to that.
on a computer you see something on the monitor and you can click it without looking down at the mouse to click.
people are spending too much time on computers.
the only reason why we get offensive is because the subject either reflects our personality, or our life.
it not seem like harmful material at first glance, but your opinion change when your customers come back angry and frustrated about what they read and saw.
then, his lack of water caused him a dehydrated state.
typing s faster than hand writing and its neater.
having libraries censor things would make people feel left out.
for a person of any race this is a way to feel the pain and struggle of people before us.
since we were only little kids to adults.
if a piece of is particularly offensive; the piece should not be displayed.
even censoring the movies would not be effective because your taking away the art of having an unfiltered movie.
one of them was he hills the it was a problem because it used most of his energy and slowed him down.
an orange is round.
sure, there are books to take notes on people, but do books type up papers?
there were many moods set by the in the memoir.
each person has their own say of what material they choose to consume, and nobody else has the right to tell them otherwise.
everyone was always at his house.
this opened my eyes and now, i, too, am grateful for everything and everyone i have in my life.
firstly, computers are linked with the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood.
long distance calls cost money and it is not worth a call if you call every couple of days.
so, the mood created by the author was happy and grateful.
and because writers have the right to illustrate their points through a literal medium, there should never be a limit on these rights.
most of my friends do it with me.
loving family and friends of course!
as previously stated in the paragraph above, it makes no sense to rid a book just because one person finds it offensive.
an extremely important and helpful aspect of the internet is the ability of purchasing and ordering items online.
if a person does not want to be exposed to things in libraries that could be considered offensive, then they can altogether avoid these materials.
i hope people do not end up just taking things off the shelf when someone is offended.
many children who play sports that have computers actually manage to catch a ball faster than usual.
whats makes a computer any better than life?
the material being taken off the shelves should be put back on the shelves for the readers who find the material entertaining.
every piece of art is judged and then criticized.
they help us research, socialize and they help our and economy.
they had to face racism.
some others could say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant.
even though it is a really good book and a lot of read it.
the internet on computers is unsafe.
also from experience i have learned that a boom that is no longer on the shelf that someone has removed is not a good feeling.
but the last thought a child would have is if the literature their reading is offensive or not.
do you really want to have an addiction?
this is easy for most people who have busy lives.
and the hunting magazines just show that you can go out and shoot stuff.
so why take it out of libraries.
this might be fine at first, but what about the adults that have every right to read and watch whatever they want.
certain television shows, books, and even some popular songs condone these behaviors that many are opposed to.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the setting relates to how the author is feeling.
if you had to do a project for school about a place outside of the the computer would help a lot.
the desert is also deserted with rolling tumbleweeds and giant snakes, as he passed abandoned towns and factories.
nor a car, person or building in sight.
like a section for older kids and people.
all of these are great alternatives to sitting at the computer screen, looking at pictures of nature.
she made me sit in the second row.
but the problem could do with computers.
see libraries have many things to do.
therefore, kids act up in homes and at school.
so i deleted the account.
they you might be out of luck for what you are looking for.
people spend too much time using the internet than exercising, nobody gets to enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends.
without these sites there might be less divorces and more happy ending fairy tales.
if one person found my favorite book offensive i would not want it taken off the shelves completely.
so often today do we hear of books, magazines, and numerous other resources in libraries being banned because of unpopular views.
the reason the author of the story winter hibiscus ends it the way she does is so that we know we can never give up.
the author finally conveys the theme of rebirth by ending with this paragraph.
go ahead and listen you will be amazed.
there is anther feature the effects the cyclist, and that is no one is around for miles.
it is faster and more accurate.
parents and teachers should insist upon children to read more books.
it is basically any information in a click.
so why do we need these things?
children under thirteen years of age should not have the option to check out that music.
if anything put it in a different area or just move it put all that type of book in one area not mixed in.
people have computers and go on them daily.
but if you going to go on to just go on to just talk to friend then that is a waste of time in somebody life.
in fact one out of fifty books contain racism.
he had been drinking he water regularly but the temperature was rising.
it is a big deal if your cursing all the time but most kids know better and know not to do bad stuff.
kids under age should stick to searching for books in areas or fields that will provide interest for them.
i suggest that you will agree on my opinion'.
you need to have a limit.
well then, computers is your online fun source!!
we went there by bus.
the mood in this memoir is loving and thankful and calm.
one feature was that his water supply was running short.
if he had some water he would not have thought this.
imagine a world where the government let the media say whatever they want.
people can not just take books off the shelves because they have some bad language.
you wont enjoy yourself, and doctors.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
email allows you to do the same as text, but you can write longer messages.
also, you can make new friends.
my next reason why spending time on the computer too much is bad is because you wont have time for your friends or family.
if he would have been bitten he would have died.
in the every single person has the freedom of speech.
i think if they read them they might say them but they will learn not to say them and that they are not very nice to say.
second you do projects on them or homework if you need to.
she will take that drivers test then.
too much computer time can make even the nicest person extremely aggressive.
the heart of their home is the kitchen because they all love to cook.
everyone in the twenty first century uses a computer.
i believe that libraries should remove materials that are offensive.
they allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch.
yes, crime has gone up in the past years, but computers have helped us catch criminals.
there were times when tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
with different books comes different readers.
they will get many facts about that place.
i think that when old enough, they should be able to read books and listen to music that might be offensive.
then the heat got him because there was no shade, no water left, and the sun just beating down on him.
i could not believe my eyes.
many people wanted it to be censored.
the people who are addicted to computer are missing out an doing something fun with some they lose or enjoy to be around.
in conclusion, the author used the last paragraph to emphasize the meaning of the hibiscus.
some other people think differently.
so next time you have to research something try reaching for the keyboard of the bookshelf!
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
it not even be your friend.
you have a computer, you can learn new things about places you never knew existed.
i am able to understand how thirsty he is.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
little kids see stuff that their peers are doing and want to be just like them so they do the same stuff.
the changes in his environment directly affect the completion of his journey and his health.
while on the computer you could also learn new things.
those can get the books and them to help them solve there problems.
i think so;it would help our kids and young adults, to read more educational books, rather than magazines and comics.
that i could drop from heat stroke.
but shell be a different person also.
and lets not forget the internet easy.
it allows you to from your home.
material with too much threat in it make one feel like their life is in danger or like something bad is going to happen.
at first it wont be easy but its worth it in the long run.
did you know that of couples meet online.
this terrain and the extremely hot conditions would make the cyclist very tired and dehydrated, making his journey to all the more difficult.
believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books.
on average, computers complete work fifty times more efficiently than people do by hand.
so you can see there many negative effects on a user of a computer.
clearly, computers are a huge source of knowledge for our society.
finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people.
people should take a second look at how all of these things can really affect a persons life.
well computers these days have webcams.
the postman’s life is very hard.
the library would lose people because of books being censored.
i have read a book that contains sex and drugs.
by me knowing that i am aware of the fact that children are not exercising.
computers make it easy to communicate.
teacher is a person who builds the nation.
the author concludes the story with optimism and hope for the future.
for example in the story he says id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you had left to circulate.
to remove such things from the library, would be like trying to keep a child from ever seeing a naked body, or hearing a curse word.
because i use them myself.
the postmen work day in and day out.
does censorship solve any problems?
video chat can allow you to show someone a picture or an expression.
after reading the book i always wondered why they called her she.
from to the numbers of obese people increased from of citizens to .
information, put them in order, and give them to us when we need them.
the mood was magnificent in this story.
when i asked the librarian if they had any of their books they said no.
the internet is also not a very safe place.
many people can say they have.
the planet should be explored not surfed in the web.
he speaks about his house and family.
dear our local newspaper, computers have a huge effect on people in a negative way.
and because of his actions and author has to suffer from money lost and big waste of his time and effort he put into it.
the hibiscus flower gives her confidence.
books are history.
the biggest surprise is that there is online dating.
without the no one would know of the wonderful things that our above has done for us, and what he is doing for us now.
let your kids or grandchildren find out the danger on there own rather then you just keep telling them.
and with computers, this is possible.
children should have the right to explore the literature world however they want.
i am writing you because i am concerned with the health of the town.
they only emerge from their rooms to use the bathroom and eat, scarcely resting.
computers are also used to socialize.
you waste over days a year sitting in front of your computer.
kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to.
book that give knowledge to people in need, not thing contain negative depictions of human life.
or if you have ever wanted to drive a stock car you could play a game online.
you question a leading doctor?
but if we take away every book that a person does not like then what do we have left to learn from.
the world in full of offensive material, and there almost nothing we can do for it.
my uncle has a horse that runs like the wind.
what about the , when million were killed because they were .
can bring your family closer together.
everyone is different.
the setting in which is cyclist is riding, can help or hurt the cyclist.
the author even remarks that sadists are probably finding his story pleasing.
he hurried there, went into the bathroom drank same water.
if content in a library is considered offensive, should still remain on the shelf regardless.
we should not have an eye on other’s wealth.
every person black, white, yellow, brown, or even green has the right to freedom of space.
even for adults when they need to look up something important they can automatically find it in the computer.
many people believe that it is the right thing to do while many others strongly disagree with it.
it refreshes the mind.
i totally disagree with this letter.
children are more free to do what they want and say what they want, making offensive a changed word.
and, because he was in the desert, there was no sign of towns or people or salvation of any type.
the text says, no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
now that you know that lets moves on to the conclusion.
computers are very important to people who work with them.
having cereals every day would keep us away from many illnesses.
the features of the setting had a big impact on the cyclist.
the possibilities computer allow you to do is research.
i think computers have become part of our daily life.
first, allows students to easily get good grades on projects and reports.
also, the features of the setting affects her determination.
i had one of my best friends move across the country, all the way to !
there are a lot of disadvantages to computers.
anything put onto paper is legal.
about billion, researchers say.
second, it helps us connect with, and meet new friend.
where would we be without those books and authors?
empty is it wrong to censor?
they would not have all of these donations.
of course, this could effect a child in a negative way.
for example, when i play games in the computer hand are the ones doing every thing for me.
they can try and read through the book to see if there is a reason that the author written it this way.
the reason we now have shows on about people with weight and health problems can relate very much so back to the negative effect on people.
its up to an individual to decide on what they will read and what their take is on the matter.
as students, we must learn good manners.
you be uncomfortable about that book being sold in countries all over the world, but what if someone feels that same way about your favorite book.
these benefits have positive effects on people throughout the world and are why i support the advances in technology.
dear local newspaper, this is a letter about how i feel about the effects of computers.
another reason is because there is some history on many different websites.
second in my reasoning is that computers are brilliant communication aids.
this censorship will only cause future issues.
it was a pleasant day.
that is what computers were made for.
this can take up to on how .
discovering things on the computer is something that happens every day.
for example, my grandparents live in .
for those people who love sports, you can look up you favorite team and see if they won that weeks game.
he also saw the grape juice factory and the bait store where he finally found someone else to give him directions.
in fact, the percentage of people that have computer is much greeter than the percentage of people that do not only you exercising for yourself.
after you hear this you might want agree with computers have a positive effect.
most libraries are divided up into different sections, there is a section for adults, teens, and children.
you think the author needed to address a certain point more than he or she did.
the terrain affect the character by keeping him determined.
it signaled to me that they all must be happy together.
to whom it concern: i will agree that computers have caused many people to spend less time outside.
when you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen.
if a person was concerned about a certain material they could ask people or go online to see if it is offensive or not.
so hes not going anywhere in a hurry.
by using the computer, people are not getting many benefits.
movies that show war torn battle such as , , world war , or world war .
whether those reasons be personal or professional it rather important.
there are some effects computers have on people that i agree with and disagree with.
do you really think need computers to live?
she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive v was etched.
but books cannot shout their values.
i hope that you and i see eye to eye in this matter, advancing computers are our friends not the enemy.
for example, if something is thought to be offensive, then it can be placed with others like it.
some people find it so offending that they think they should be able to remove these offending materials off the self.
you would hop on a computer and check it out.
just about everyone has one.
no wonder so many people like computers!
personally, i prefer horror movies (but not gory) because they get me thinking about whats going to happen next.
however you could also find out interesting facts like how many have chosen to sail around the world in the past ten years.
it seems that the time of research is diminishing.
the community would always extend their hands to one who was down on their luck.
many adults and children spend a lot of time on a computer every day and i think that is bad.
example even grandma have and she talks online with her family members.
when this happens, people stop reading the book and other books in the same category.
but could it be a bad thing.
but not the land has changed and the directions were wrong.
this can certainly lead to brain problems, hard time seeing and the biggest thing is death.
you can go to a baseball game, park, or movies anything that will get you away from that computer.
so their for i think spending a lot of time on a computer is bad.
this shows that by always going on the you hurt your academic skills.
the fact is that people cannot exist without strife and misery, and whatever people can do to cause that strife and misery, they will.
they can bring people together.
another reason my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials is because of what we see and watch.
when we cut down trees we are harming our environment.
many people would agree that using a computer helps us learn new things.
i think the mood of the is warm, caring, comforting, and very loving.
however, there is no better website with all your friends on it.
another reason why i believe we should have no say in what items libraries hold is this.
my first reason is that they give you information about a place that you might be interested to see or know their culture.
the short rolling hills tested his inner spirit and caused his dehydration to further.
earth has many things to offer, new things to explore and discover.
if we could less to other serious problems.
i know there are some materials on the shelves that many people say are offensive and really are not offensive at all.
censored material can have bad influences on children.
he works very hard but his pay is less.
the settings in this story had effect on the cyclist in many ways.
they need to make a living on the street.
with gaining more general knowledge you become smarter.
are you supposed to explain to your boss in time?
there were many reasons why the author ended the way she did but above are the more obvious.
i recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, and enjoying nature.
a major debate of today would be that of the media.
moreover, computers can help you pay bills.
some people do not think before they speak or do something.
a religion a person might be it might offend you.
in our school special attention is paid to behavior, cleanliness, and punctuality.
having a wide range to select from would keep the guests always coming back for more.
someone who is pro life on the controversial issue of abortion believe that a book about a teenage girl getting an abortion is offensive and against their beliefs.
some parents say that that is a way to study and a waste of time.
although equal rights and freedom in necessary, schoolwork is too important to let kids get distracted from .
maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time.
it is a choice for each person to read what he or she wants to read.
i say happy because the author was happy to enjoy having so many friends and family to come over everyday and have fun.
sure and a lot of others love their computers.
the next reason that books should not have censorship is because new ideas cover topics that have never been discussed.
a is a place for people of all ages to come and get a book, magazine, music, movies and much more.
another feature has it was hot which means he was losing water because it either evaporated or he was drinking it.
if the books that swear were no longer on library shelves society still will not change.
i feel that that stuff not be allowed in the shelves and it should be removed.
libraries will contain safe books for all ages, while bookstores can have the pleasure of having offensive material on their shelves.
also in the story she had spent a large amount of money just for one plant, in which her mother is shocked about.
each person is responsible for their own actions.
for example if i wanted to i could talk to someone and the and clean my room.
so what my mother has taught me to do is to use false info.
most importantly they are a vital source of communication.
i remember one time long ago, the only way to communicate was by letters or you would have to walk.
the directions given to the cyclist by the elderly was incorrect and he got lost.
taking things off shelves also has a good side to it.
he is also grateful for his parents love and sacrifice.
young children know about drugs and know that those drugs are harmful.
they should just get rid of it.
in conclusion, computers are very handy.
i hope you take my advice, and i thank you for your extremely valuable time and effort.
dear local newspaper, i was reading this article about computers.
there are no friendships or communication with other countries.
there is no way to censor the universal language that music provides.
the bright computers screens are harmful to the delicate human eyes.
that is because they would start looking at it more.
although many believe that using a computer is a waste of time, it can also help you stay organized.
so i decided to look up the way to find the answer and it caught me up with the class again.
without computers we would have to do it old fashion style.
we should never have the right to be able to remove these materials.
over ninety four percent of people today own a computer ad feel as though they have learned many things from it.
no i not believe there should be any censorship in libraries.
travelling makes us see things, people and places with our own eyes.
it was dusk.
things should be put out on display and people should be able to see all the different types of music and stories that are available.
should books, magazines, movies, and music be put in higher reaches of children, or should they be left in plain sight?
because that first town had looked like nobody has been in it for years.
thru computers all around the world, and going on the computer can open you to the whole world.
this shows adapting to and accepting her new life away from her home and her memories.
in a culture like the one we have , censorship usually takes the back seat.
so there were many thing that affected the author and the cyclist, when they were on there journey.
so when i read about people wasting time on the computer all day i, myself, was very upset!
books are learning.
also in paragraph its a paragraph dedicated to his parents.
there are so many books and magazines, music, and movies to be discovered in this world.
intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you.
the other part of this mood was safety.
there is so much guidance for our daily lines through computers.
also, the terrain can affect biker.
the features of the setting in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
for example rumors.
a computer can be used for many things like learning.
how can someone tell an author of a book that his or her writing is too graphic or too offensive?
anything about a family coming together is loving.
also people have the advantage of learning about faraway places.
the features effect the setting of the story in a big way.
the second reason why computers have a bad affects on people it is not safe if you have little kids in your home.
like he starts off with strong less and a smile on his face.
all these movies and books though are great because they are different and free!
say there are materials that are not suitable for children so they grab it and started reading.
there is special software that is able to be downloaded onto your computer.
the tent was decorated with colorful lights.
i am an grade student at .
but on the other hand some people do spend to much time on the computer.
with what i believed was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill, ().
i believe she thought she could pass the test when the flower was blooming and reminded her of home.
sure you can find out that is having that big blowout sale, but you cant search up the best deal.
one of those rights is the freedom of speech, or the right to voice your opinion.
i know that as a student of , other students and i need to type our homework at least three times a week!
computers can be negative but it all has to do with self control and how you use it.
the author describes her risk taking, loving parents.
it is possible.
some people freak out every easy and this world is every offensive and people need to think about other people.
i would not remove !
also it does not matter at all if i had to pay a late fee for the books that i checked out from the library.
it helps complete a number of tasks.
the author concludes the story with this sentence because she wanted to make a comparison between flowers and the test.
or have you ever used ?
therefore the market place is an important centre in the town.
people can do grocery shopping from the home they can order pizza online and they can go shopping online.
the community they moved to was so happy and also like his family to him.
these are some of the reasons that i and others love computers.
there are card games, board games, even games!
three, they can develop a sense of typing.
well i can tell you why.
your body need water to work right.
is much more beneficial than learning how to type, or talking to your friends.
so to take away things that other people enjoy is unjust.
this quote about forty miles in the pedal i arrived as my first town.
people tend to get moody.
this way the person receiving the letter will be able to read the letter.
i do not respond.
which effects him because hes beginning to loose hope and thinks hes not going to make it.
eighty eight percent of voted that the most important thing in their life was their family and friends.
for instance think about a movie store.
would you want your child to have the idea in their head that they should react first before they think?
so i will say that can be a good thing but too much of it can be bad.
spring will come, as nothing can stop time.
not everybody is true over the computer.
this document that is saved can be changed and saved again even if the knowledge is offensive.
if we had all of this then there would not be any more problems.
this explains that the man could not get water or a ride from anywhere around, because there was nothing out there to at.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in many ways.
on the other hand, whose job is it to decide what is offensive and what is not?
the mood in the memoir swifts throughout the story.
children are able to just walk right out with books these days and know one will even think that they just took a book without checking it out.
but books are not rated such as movies are.
the senior students provide help to the junior students in the hostel.
one the reasons?
thanks to the computer we found a doctor to help my dad get fixed.
they supermarket for you.
i do agree with this because with our countries of obesity.
the mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and sweet, thanks to the author.
that meaning was that you cannot punish the innocent because they have done nothing wrong.
or how would we ever get any reports done for work or home work?
this through everything off, and he was left with despair.
being on the computer can harm even the computer.
for example, my cousin used to be an outgoing friend person.
no one is being forced to read a book or magazine, watch a movie or listen to music.
we can live for a few days without food.
so i think computers are not a bad idea or a bad things.
this is why computers are so helpful because they give a way to research other places around the globe.
then there are those books about racism and that is the worst topic to most people.
it is electricity that makes our refrigerator, geyser, television, mobile phone work.
l gathered a few pebbles and struck them in my mouth.
ducks were swimming in the ponds.
this is because everyone, from the most to the least intelligent people, have their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web.
we should always give respect to our elders and teachers.
they have a right to read, watch, or listen to what makes them happy.
dear , i am writing you this letter to inform you that computers do benefit society.
not only having a chance to be killed of dehydration or being ran over.
and then we have no books left on the shelf.
this is also not a health relationship with family members.
this is my say on this topic.
plus, it would help the kid in deciding on what to read.
setting depends on how you can go or move.
all the teachers like him.
many sports teams like the use this.
not only did he practice baseball but also typing.
let us start with books.
so he ends up running out of water.
this is why i support the computers.
this is alarming because at that rate people never get to know each other and the world become an electronically based workspace.
my third and final reason why advance in tech.
this is also a good way to get kids from reading things that not age appropriate to finding something that is.
this would play a roll on children that use this library also.
he would have had all of the grape juice he wanted, but it was abandoned.
so yes computers have helped us in more ways than one.
movies are also the same, making it harder for younger children to see certain movies.
music is something you listen to or you hear.
without the internet i probably would have lost my interest in .
by removing the problem, we would be creating another issue.
as a student and a teenager i know i am using mine way more than i need to.
so, to the , computers help our society thrive.
after school, kids go home and turn their computer on instead of going outside running and playing.
the cyclist is constantly worried about passing out and dying of dehydration.
that is my personal opinion many others have different opinions on this subject but i just think every thing should just stay on the shelves.
there are loads of harsh things in the world, its impossible to just edit them all out
sixty years ago, it could relative on the.
another benefit of computers is communication.
it really is a pressing matter and needs to be deal with.
you can let them see what they want and buy it online than going to the stores.
nature is at her best in the morning.
computers are used by many people to interact with another.
you never know the people could be messed on in the head.
people against computers say it takes away time from interacting with family, however, this is not true.
in conclusion i believe that every individual has their opinion and own way of thinking when it comes to what is and is not offensive.
some of the content is vulgar and explicit and some is very offensive, but that still does not give you the right to remove these things.
at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path.
thirdly, family and friends are not spending as much quality time together as they should.
on the computer we have popular websites like , , and .
this is censorship at a basic level, and it happens to millions of books, movies, and songs every day.
throughout the story the cyclists needs change from feeling confident to feeling depressed to feeling relived.
i am just concerned about some things people can get so easily without any censoring.
the cyclist is affected because the setting is depressing and frightening.
people say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends.
this permission slip will and can be used for all movies.
this whole memoir is trying to show readers how great it is to come from different cultures and know how to make and do different things.
think before you do.
some music has a very catchy beat to it and could get stuck in a young persons head.
every one has such a great attitudes.
my dad and my brother told me to go into another room and not listen to the music.
what would you do?
it is something that adds to the song or movie.
there are many reasons as to why the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
with the social networking sites, everyone is receiving tons of about one another.
they never understood what they wrote they put it in full sentences.
one reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph is to help show that things will change come spring.
last winter, our family went to simla, a famous hill station.
they can take massive amounts of energy to climb.
computers are great but the can also have negative effects on us too.
an enormous part who your child become & the values they hold is a product what they were exposed to a young age.
many families do not live close to other relatives, making hard to see them.
he felt like he was going to dehydrate because the sun was beating down and had no water left.
without air you would be taking in chemically changed air, which is not good for your body.
this is not really happening at the i think.)
children should be outside getting bigger muscle, getting strong bones.
often we go to the library searching for a good book or magazine to read without actually knowing what books are available.
i have to study hard to become a doctor.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy because you take the time looking up information for school projects.
me & my have been wanting to listen to it for a very long time.
whether it is writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of these are ever seen nowadays done by hand.
therefore, the setting of the story affect affects the conflict and the solution.
he has to remain on duty in the hospital.
i can stand idle no longer.
these books or movies are put out there for entertainment or learning purposes.
if we start censoring books, writers will be forced to censor their personal thoughts.
could also be good at its points though.
these are all positive things.
the libraries needs more than one copy of a book, so they will not fight over it.
i hate to go look at nature.
while looking for a book if there is one that does not seem right just look past.
furthermore, those who choose to spend overwhelming amounts of time on computers tend to interact less with family members.
the computers that people think of are machines that sit in a room and is used often but not for its purpose.
as said his parents always kept their arms and their door open to the many people they considered family, knowing that they would do the same for them.
i do believe there are stories written that are not appropriate.
computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets.
or get email with is like getting real mail but from an computer.
he says its his job.
that is not only a statement based on opinion but also of fact.
that was the mood that was conveyed in the memoir.
they teach positive things for people to learn.
either way you could still find something about the writing to be offensive.
the millions of resources on the internet make it possible to learn about t other places and times.
she was neat and clean that she got promoted.
secondly, i would talk about people who talk online way too much.
this can lead to people doing crazy things that can be harmful to other lives around them.
for example, many parents do not want their children reading, listening or watching certain things.
situations happen like this all of the time.
not all of the world will care to see .
these are just some of the great effects computers have on people.
never being able to thank your parents enough for giving you that chance to live a happy life is also part of the mood.
also, when he said that everyone in the neighborhood despite there customs came together in friendship.
we must always practice good habits because they are essential to living in society.
then what will our future generation be like.
the last paragraph its like a symbol for starting fresh.
this means you could play alone, with a friend, or the whole family.
you can watch movies on your computer, and download fun games.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was in a very thankful mood.
in the story the cyclist is on a bike ride to .
i hope that this letter has helped you come to a decision about the effects a computer has on people lives.
it is totally unnecessary for children to be reading such explicit material, but it is possible for us to prevent it.
they use my all parts for their various purposes.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
your almost taking the words out of context when you do this.
it is the crying need of the hour to plant more and more trees.
the internet is the real bad guy if anything is going to be blamed for corruption of minds.
this is the next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.
she knows that she has opportunity to take it again and does it better.
music on the other hand is very important to teens these days.
censorship in libraries and media should be abolished
all she have to do is try harder and she maybe will be able to pass his test .
this shows that there is no one around to help him if he falls down from a heat stroke or anything like that.
deciding whose responsibility that is can be a difficult task.
last , i am going to talk to you more about why and how you could .
regardless of the language this book used, it shows a part of history.
from i hear, people do go angry over things but the question is ' gets them so angry?'
we should not.
students use it for studying and making projects look better.
this causes the kids to act in different ways.
at the end she says that she will retake the test when the geese come back, the snow has melted and the hibiscus is budding.
i looked out through the window.
but not this cyclist he controlled his anger and again showed determination.
i am pretty sure if it never got checked out, they would get rid of it.
also, computers' prices are constantly rising.
the era of when the book takes place is also a key factor.
you get to learn how it is in a certain place you want to go on vacation for.
i went to see a village fair with my friend.
also, people use the computer more than they use exercise machines, bicycles, or scooters.
my second point is that people have the choice to read or watch the movie.
sure, they just want the people protected from certain offensive stuff.
for example by on the computer, scientist can develop new theories did uncover things!
we need and because of the realize ever a screen.
how mad would your parents be?
music is a major part of each one of our lives, and without it the world would be a much different place.
i believe all books would be fine left on shelves.
she was getting over weight and she was failing all her classes.
computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs and computers have helped law enforcement as well.
what would you say if i told you technology was pushing them away?
the setting of this passage played a key role in the story.
the main reason for this is because she wanted to end the story on a lighter note.
with computers students could learn more because they would have textbooks or maybe nothing and if they were interested in a topic they could research it and educate themselves.
i had just joined middle school.
students stay in hostels and they study also.
so people should do some of the other things i said instead of just going on the computer all of the time.
it is illegal however to check one out to a child of a young age.
second, enjoying nature is a good thing to do instead of playing with a computer because you get your daily dose of air by enjoying nature.
it also was very hot during his journey.
secondly, computers have also increased medical care and have been the cave between life or death.
my advise to libraries, keep materials that can be found extremely offensive in their own area, away from younger people who react strongly.
the animals, and the food they eat.
get out of the gloomy house and go out to see my friends.
libraries have always had interesting materials, such as, books, music, movies, and magazines, and there always will be.
he talks about how his parents had to start over again with their lives to come to .
there were many people that were like family to him.
informing articles and books should not be removed from shelves in libraries because they are there just to provide a source of knowledge.
and then when they find out that it wont work they do it to them themselves.
this affected him because he was already dehydrated and climbing hills made him have to work more which caused him to lose more sweat and become even more dehydrated.
the driver was badly hurt.
another thing that needs to be removed is racial material.
this is becoming a problem all over our state and country.
lastly, you can use a computer for world news.
i mean what do you think?
going to college online is so easy.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a mood of admiration.
there are not as many people taking care of our planet.
people each year use on line programs to plan there vacations and trips, for example my family and i planed a trip to in the of .
he was going through the desert so it was like degrees.
everyone needs to know about the ups and downs about their country and the others surrounding them.
my class room is in the second floor.
i would suggest that you should keep your mind on more important things than a computer.
there have been those action packed movies where there is all the fighting and the blood and the punching.
parents will not want to walk into a with their children and find them starting at images that go against what they believe in.
but not everyone agrees that this benefit society.
but the is happy.
that would be a horrible experience for a young child to have.
first of all, they are a great way for kids to have fun: , people can learn very interesting facts.
the author concludes with this because it had the most impact.
it makes us creative.
magazines are impossible to censor, unless you are the person receiving the magazine.
many books in the library systems today contain foul language.
past the time.
he is also trying to say that there is no way to express his emotions and love to his parents.
during his journey a ridiculously large snake blacked the majority of the ??
learning and studying new and important things.
but i think that is wrong.
a very great author said that children should not be exposed to adult content in the media.
it is her good luck.
you stay on them for too long.
besides the telephone, computers do have some bad things about them, too.
the doctors’ advice patients to take orange juices as a medicine.
is time flying you by?
for example if you are listening to a sad song, you feel sad or depressed.
so i say every library stays the way they are now, and keep every book they have for all kids and adults.
it gave her a chance to connect with a part from her old home, in her new home.
therefore, the child loses much needed exercise and fresh air.
they need to let others make the decision when it comes to getting their books.
all they care about is their own family.
then her recovery begins with the presence of familiar things.
offensive materials have no business being in libraries.
both of these things factor into the setting, in a desert with no water, affecting the cyclist more than cycling in a cold day.
dear the local newspaper, i do computers effect people.
both of these, very different settings gives off very different feeling.
there is a lot of activities that they can do other than be on a computer.
also, it lets you communicate with family, of friends in case of emergencies.
the language was not meaning to be used offensively, but simply to state how people talked and how things were when was alive.
see photos of - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet.
i think computers do have a positive effect on people.
know what i think most of you have learned from this is how to keep your children same.
with censorship, all of these things can be accomplished.
i chucked, checked my water supply and moved on.
in the olden day’s people were not civilized they lived in rock caves and on huge trees.
dear local newspaper, computers are used everyday by millions of people.
your family will help you get over any problem so that you can keep moving forward.
the hibiscus will be budding then, a sign that it overcame its obstacles and was successful in adopting.
we, rather feel pain at the disorder.
some people argue that these harmful materials are affecting how kids behave and act.
his gratitude is being showed towards his parents.
any game you can think can probably be found on the .
their job is to supply the community with books, movies, magazines, etc.
they are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh.
when a lot of people begin to protest that same material, it has a high probability of being banned.
even nature suffered from the advent of computers.
most people think you can use your brain for knowledge and call it exercise.
something that would offend me in a library is some of the music they carry.
the be offensive to someone of religion, and because of that the would not be able to be sold.
because black people find it offensive?
also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business.
i think if your child checks a book out from the library he or she should return it in a week.
the people would not be the only thing out of hand.
in addition he describes how even though his neighborhood shared different cultural backgrounds, they still lived together as a family.
the question is then, do computers really benefit society or do they have a negative affect on people?
a few years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up.
then, hills came into play which makes you more tired and thirsty.
the more your use your computer the faster you will trash it.
the same goes for any form of media.
even books have sexual contact, and language.
computers can help with a lot of things.
not one person.
she now loves nature.
but, the books, movies, music, or magazines that are felt like they are offensive should be move to a certain area in the library
on our way to the museum, he told me stories of the kings and queens of our country.
my final point that is to be made is all the costs that come with computers.
for instance if people are on a lot of the time is research.
should not be changed is understandable that they would change songs and take out the bad language so that they can be played on the radio.
you want this to happen to our country?
for example paragraph rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which i am eternally grateful).
you have your own choice when it comes to what your children read, watch, and listen to.
it is possible to adapt and try to love whats around you.
adults along with young adults have to know what they should read and whats not acceptable.
basketball is played between two teams.
in the , where its nice, shaded, and cool, he feels fairly good.
some be fond of other genres and some dislike the other genres.
by reading, these children can easily expand their vocabularies.
i think they have rights to hear it if they want, and there parents have rights enough to let them.
i do not believe that a material should be removed from shelves just because one person or a group of people find it offensive.
with people getting less exercise, not enjoying nature, and having less interactions they are doing the world more bad than good.
it should be up to the children what they read.
our capacity to work increases.
also, computer all day with no exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hands posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome.
people will just play and play all day long.
books that are offensive should be supervised as to who gets to view them.
the library had historical movies, but i ended up watching that by myself.
it warns us about, natural disaster.
i do not understand the need for them to be obtainable at a , or if there is a need at all.
to conclude, the author used many examples to explain to readers the love that was shared in his home.
you will be always happy and feel very lucky that you have all of these things.
basically, computers effect our lives so much in a good way that it would be chaos with out them.
all these good people got together and became family.
another is so you can check out movies, music, and books.
once your child finally cooperates they will get the to use the computer.
another feature of the setting was the multitude of hills.
a library is supposed to be a variety of books.
dear local newspaper, have you ever noticed how a lot of people are always on their laptop or their computer?
libraries are really for learning and not to offense anybody in any manner.
dear , i agree that computers had a positive effect on people.
it is a rich source of calcium, protein, fat and vitamin c.
it just be a good thing to have these types of books whether its stating a fact or stating their own opinion.
if you would like to know what the weather will be like, you can look it up with a computer.
the conditions for the cyclist in the story do not exceed posted speed limit are pretty dangerous.
the dry climate and lack of water affects him by having doubt.
that is how computers have bad effects on people.
heed my advice & allow your kids the freedom of internet.
that just does to show how different people have different opinions; some more strict than others.
do you believe computers have a negative effect on people?
personal experiences are also have a place.
what is offensive to one person, another person might enjoy watching, listening to, or reading.
you can go online and find everyone, in ten minutes.
when it comes to books, music, movies or magazines i believe almost anything should be allowed except for material that depicts nudity or drugs and alcohol.
when does anyone even write about offending things lately anyway?
dear , i think that having a computer is a very positive.
they give us so many such good things and yet expect nothing in return.
computers have technical problems that delete files.
libraries should not be censored.
the author concludes the story, winter hibiscus, with this paragraph of the story, for several relevant reasons.
the same thing applies in a store.
if someone is offended by a book or a movie from a library, should they be able to get it removed?
not all the time you can find certain things in books.
i believe that no material should be taken off of the shelf just because one person found it offensive.
computers are able to help them with this.
my father gave up his career and my mother gave up her family to give me and my brothers a better life.
yes, people these days are affect by the internet greatly.
if there is a blizzard people can find out ahead of time and stock up on food.
my conclusion is, if you are going to look at all kinds of books they should have no restrictions on what you look at.
do you believe that computers give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places?
to the , this day in age, computer technology rules the world.
the newspapers carry information for everyone-businessman, politician, unemployed people, players and kids etc.
the author says, there was no one in sight, not a building car, or structure of any kind.
now that you have heard all of reasons for why computers are helpful in society i should rap things up.
in conclusion, computers are used every day and help us greatly, weather it be learning a new language, or just talking to friends.
statistics show that more than of people on earth use search engine to find something on the computer.
if i child gets a hold of a book that is said to be bad it is the parents job to tell them to put it back.
i can say for myself that once i log onto the computer, i might not be off for the next hours.
ordering clothes, books, movies, tickets for trips and more all can be done online.
staying off computer is a great way to help yourself and other people to.
he could have died from heat stroke and lack of water.
the mood could also be grateful because he was grateful for many things that his parents did for him such as pass down the love of culinary.
they never helped any one, unless their palms were greased.
even walking home from school with a friend is a good way to be outside.
they could afford nothing else.
most importantly, there is less interacting with friends and family.
no one person has the right to say that one genre is better than another.
when it starts budding, will take the test again.
some examples of nature are trees, grass, the fresh air.
i think as long as its blocked off into a different room, everyone will be fine and it will cause no harm
so books are usually very hard to offend people, because most people can usually tell right away if they like the book or not.
they will experience these things one day, and they need to be mature enough to understand them.
cultures come in a variety we can learn about all of them from the comfort of our own home.
computers are beneficial because they help people connect with the world.
another part of the setting that effected the cyclist was when he arrived at the juice factory and it was closed which depressed him.
why do you think the obesity is so high these days?
the author is constantly talking about, and remembering, what her home was like when she was growing up.
he was taken to a private hospital and was admitted, as an emergency case.
it even make some people not interested in that specific author anymore, or quite possibly persuade someone to stop visiting that library.
secondly, anyone can post information on a website, therefore, it can be inaccurate.
computers have robbed us of our ability to experience creature.
the libraries that are offering these magazines for rental should restrict children from reading them due to the lack of modesty and morals found in these magazines.
there are millions of books and other media in libraries all across the world.
when he was almost sixteen years old he began to hang out with a bad group of teenagers.
one example is conversation, many people have close relatives that but over seas, cross country, or even across town.
being an author you have the freedom of speech, you can write whatever you feel like writing.
they hypnotize the young children and adults.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
i believe censorship should be used in libraries to a certain extent.
computers help kids around the world find thing quickly and easily.
all other cars could be seen running far behind.
how about you?
so you can go on google and find a picture to go with you project.
they should be well informed of what life is like in further detail to avoid confusion once they get to that point.
i think the author concluded the story with that paragraph to show that she is adapting and that she is starting to accept the change.
it should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it.
in the computer simulations teach the soldiers how to react to many different situations.
i think the author concludes the story the way she did to show determination.
from what i see and understand i that computers have a positive effect on our lives.
on the other hand though, computers open up new worlds to people.
computers are useful for adults as well.
it allowed me to talk to my brother white he was at his chaotic college.
materials like movies, books, magazines, and music should never be taken away from a library.
but other than that your able to chat with your friends instead of waiting for your mom to get off the phone.
dear newspaper, people should play with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time.
he is a master of his subject.
but if one person complained and the book is no longer there does that mean the libraries are going to be empty for now on.
i fear the out come of that.
but now with a computer all that can change.
the author shows that he is in a good mood by saying he is eternally grateful.
but it would also offend people if you took books off the shelf.
some kids will try and get around them so there is not helping them.
but if your were to take away ever book someone found offensive there would be hardly any books left in this world.
so then you and your family would grow apart.
computer junkies what are they?
next i believe that computers benefit society because keeps people organized.
obesity is a huge problem in .
is a website teenagers of kids go on to watch some of their favorite music videos.
exercising gives you energy and is good for you.
that is how the terrain affects the cyclist.
i also believe that many stories and movies inspire us to be better people and to reach for our dreams.
the plant and the geese represent symbols to her.
one of my friends is really bad at getting what she wants.
my three arguments are, they help your typing skill educational.
in my opinion i say that , computers do have and effect on us but a good reason.
last but not least you could just enjoy it.
i think that libraries should be organized in a way that when you walk in you know the section you want to be in.
there was also a big crazy twist in his way.
spending time with your family is something precious.
some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble.
computers help people learn about foreign places.
he is also thank full for his culture.
parents have always stopped their precious babies from watching certain shows and movies.
my younger sister learned how to read on the computer.
camels are ruminants but camels do not chew their food very well before swallowing.
computers can do many things like play game, listen to music, watch videos, and chat with your friends.
i feel that certain materials that young people see in books, music, and movies are at the library.
firstly, it is important to note, during our economic crisis, that the development and manufacturing computers creates thousands jobs!
dear local newspaper, i think computers are used way to much in this society!
although i see why some people oppose to computer, i completely and utterly disagree.
we live in a place with the freedom of speech, but yet that right seems to be fading away.
lets say i was a fan of and i read that she stole something.
technology lets everyone explore new topics.
as humans we crave information, whether it be via watching, listening, or reading.
his attitude changed greatly throughout the story.
excessive use of the internet can lead to not enough exercise.
in my opinion this would be a great idea to be done and should be done.
the internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family.
in large railway station there are loud speakers to announce
the adult books and magazines that might be offensive for children should be in a section in a separate room, or on a different level of the building.
also, the author discusses the unity and love between his family and neighbors.
no good would come of removing anything from the shelves of libraries.
where do we draw the line?
but if it is censored, the story would completely change and it would not be the same.
you can make audio calls to a person using the computer.
some kids have their education online or to teach others.
therefore, whats around us affect us as in education, friendship, and survival.
do you see why we need them for everyday life or just to get around?
are people today spending to much time on computers.
in this phrase she shows a growing acceptance and even an affection for her new homeland.
censorship is a major subject when dealing with books, newspaper articles, movies, and other literary subjects.
a lot of people that are in school have probably seen or heard of a book or magazine that had profanity or offended them.
family, say your child is out school day.
so i just video chatted with them.
when i was a kid in grade, i read a book far beyond what most graders read.
phone companies would be in money and regular families would be living on the streets.
i know a family that has a son fighting in the .
finally, the computer is great for playing about every game, there is that you would feel like playing.
next, there could be a totally separate building for the offensive material.
nobody was a stranger.
he then shows up at a ghost town.
go to college and do something with their lives.
there are several problems and risks that come with a computer.
it can walk and run easily in the desert.
criminal acts, vulgar language and more.
the is all computerized today, and that is a major trade way today.
movies over attract both parents and teenagers alike, the music entices the teenagers, and the books and prior two media sources attract younger children.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by the mood the cyclist and what happens as he journeys in the desert to a town.
this is opinion why computers are benefit for society.
thank you for reading my essay on why computers are benefiting our society.
whenever i go into , my page comes up and shows me the current events.
computers are a way to teach hand eye coordination through programs, games and typing.
they live a very difficult life.
the second girl asked, confused. '
we should protect forests from being cut down.
in my own experience, i have had the opportunity to get whatever i wanted at the library.
computers can be time consuming.
everyone is exposed to offensive material through everyday life.
flip a coin heads tails , you pick heads, stop surfing the web to get info on that place!.
consequently, kids end up in inappropriate websites that they are not meant to be on.
they do not need books and movies that make it worse on them and make them think bad things are good.
when children read they learn many new words that are in that book.
the society as a whole had lost human emotions and became submissive to the government.
do you have ant friends?
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
so, instead those people could just quickly and easily send a email no instant message to who ever they need to talk to.
chatting on the computer is great.
this would help the public.
it is deserted and he feels dehydrated as well.
this issue is debatable but really i think that computers are not helping the big picture.
so they should set up an adult section in the library where you have to be or older to enter and a identification card to prove it.
a child could much more easily go to a computer and find anything offensive they want to find with the click of a button.
there are many sick people in the world, and many of them use the internet to find people.
i think think the better can your health.
if is messy.
she misses her homeland and everything there: gardens, grandparents etc.
people can use the computer to much and they want exercise.
during the year.
sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay.
the computer is also a great device to use for learning.
no one has the right to censor anyone else.
dear local , i think that computers are on positive effect on people.
she chooses to end like this to show the change of the mood throughout the story.
so, computers betters society in many different ways.
there is a lot to be learned from only a few words.
just imagine, more people outside and healthy.
many kids, or even adults, spend precious family time playing the sims creating their own ideal family.
people can use them to type papers or reports, makes graphs, and other important things for us.
imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them life would become much harder for the people living on this planet.
finally going out doing sports and starting fit is very important.
lets move on to a bigger idea.
if a person finds a book, for example, to be offensive, they can easily stop reading the book and pick another one.
if you need info.
weather they like it or not all books teach a lesson about life.
the girl wants to be a whole new person for when the test comes up again.
delhi zoo is near purana quila.
in a survey taken in magazines should that of people, have negative effects with computers.
it also make our work neater.
some people think gay rights, abortion, and teenage sexual activity are offensive.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
in agriculture, we should not overuse chemicals.
censoring would take away the chances for our future generations to become inspired by these books.
a book would probably take up more time and you get less information.
if they write literature.
also, video chat and online conversation can cut down on expensive phone bills.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is one of happiness, safety, and care.
that allows them to publish whatever they have to say in a novel, a piece of music, or in a movie.
fighting fire with fire only makes a larger fire.
the heat cause the cyclist to dehydrate faster than normal.
then i have also seen accounts where people have been changed in a good way because of a book.
i think for some people it can be bad because it prevents them from interacting with the real world.
he remembers his parents love for cooking, and how eternally grateful he is it got passed down to him.
at first when he gets the directions from the old men, he thinks he will be fine.
that is normal and there is nothing we can do to change about .
computers are not a bad thing, but its is when they are over used they become hurtful to kids health.
computers are also very good for learning about other cultures and traditions.
any water, he did not have much strength left to face rolling hills, but he had no choice.
the author chose to put this in the text since it creates a happy note to end on and give the reader happiness of knowing there is hope.
an article is made to show the pros or computers, more people will experience the wonders of them.
i cant even remember the last time i went a day without a computer.
when you want to read that one special book you heard about but you find out it was considered offensive to some what would you do?
and it was times better and free and better.
i feel strongly about people knowing about the worlds past.
he wears a simple life.
once he arrived at the first town he noticed that it was an old town and no one was there anymore.
there are mass amounts of influential materials from the media and also from peers that a child is subject to.
that why i think computers are a good thing.
finally, is one of the most obese places in the whole world.
it is okay to be on a computer for twenty minutes, to a half an hour.
our media is too intertwined with our lives.
while the cyclist was riding it was very hot.
my concern is for the children who get a hold of these books.
so, try books.
some say that books, magazines, movies etc.
where you and your family would be to many dangers.
they showed me with their lives, and those teachings have been the base of my life.
there is a big difference between choosing not to look or listen to something than being told you cannot look at something.
maybe even just a fun computer game is nice.
movies and books can easily be censored.
nobody wants to fail at something and it is almost a humiliating experience to have failed at a test.
if we do that, then all the books would be off the shelf.
it is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers.
a researcher showed that computers you can chat , i think computers has affects on all!
even though computers do have pros and cons they have more pros.
there is something offensive to people in every work that has been published, and the buyer is fully aware of that fact before they go and buy something.
i feel that the offensiveness in books, music, movies, and magazines are all based on personal opinions and that they should never be removed from libraries.
the company wants to make money and so does the author.
this good for larger benefit of society.
this sight was troubled.
there are around billion people in the world and at least one of them is bound to enjoy the same type of media you do.
if this is let to continue nothing will be aloud to speak its mind on anything.
finally you can also use them for planning.
same with many other people.
she one reason why think computers are a positive impact on love and society.
then the conditions become hot, dreadful, and maybe sticky.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
or if the person is eating while being on the computer.
on certain websites, you can talk to friends, see what your friends are doing, you can even video chat with them.
it also a great way to make friends!
well singers and writers have found out that pieces containing these topics have sold the most copies.
the cyclist states, i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state (rough road ahead).
well good for you mission accomplished.
these are all the reasons that computers have a bad impact on the society.
though many children looked at it and felt some of the terms were harsh, no one ever thought there would ever be a riot caused at school.
another aspect that affected him was the extremely hot temperature.
no one can.
the last reason for censorship is it keeps people interested.
not just the library has books.
these computers help the students complete research papers, typed assignments and other teacher requirement papers.
i think that certain things in libraries should be taken off shelves if found offensive but not all.
in the article do not exceed the posted speed limit, the features of the setting took toll on the cyclist in many ways.
that young child would see things that were not meant for that child to see.
for some people, taking away things like that would be like making kids at school wear uniforms.
if books, movies, and music were removed then we would not have a better intelligence than we do now.
the mood in the memoir is very uplifting.
if we censor the books in our libraries, then we will be loosing a certain aspect of our culture.
computers make people get less exercise, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle.
music is used for so many different things.
the cyclist ran into rough settings on the way to park.
just recently there was an earthquake in and million of civilians died.
thus, the more vacations they go one which is profitable for airplane companies.
one thing in a book not be offensive to one individual although it could be for someone else.
reading is my last hobby, and i have collected a lot of titles during the past three-four years.
these books and magazines and movies only help us become stronger people.
it is in my opinion that the library should oblige by the people, and take in reference how different people feel about certain books.
as much as she misses her old home, she is adapting.
you with their friends and family anymore.
i think no one has the right to pull that item off the shelf because of there own opinion of it.
if they do not like it, they do not have to read it or listen to it.
there was always one book that i remember the most named, 'a light in the ' by .
the author chose this paragraph to conclude the selection to highlight the theme and symbolize a new start
there was no one insight not a building, car, or any structure of any kind (.).
this game is right now the most played game on the in this .
these are the reasons i think internet is valuable in this day in age.
they never gave up but instead kept going to try and give there children a better life than they would have had.
even the covers of some should be removed for the good of the public.
dear , i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
they could become obese and possibly get diabetes.
it has a big effect on a humans life.
last of all, computer hand - eye coordination that is vital to every day life.
the should never be allowed to decide what the public views.
also, there is no one around to help him if he gets lost.
he was getting sad and dehydrated.
like i said in my first paragraph, everywhere you go you see somebody wired into an electronic device.
if you have kids you know you only want the best in their present & future.
i am working hard so that i many get the best grades.
some people think that a man who has many sons and daughters is a lucky person.
we read them.
if books that offended people would have always been removed for reasons of offending other we could not have much of the knowledge we have today.
class rooms in that floor.
my second reason is that people go on or or use web cams.
have you ever wondered what life would be like without computers?
also because he was in the desert he had no sense of direction.
for work, adult use.
so schools use and need computers for students and teachers use.
what good is that?
without imagination what fiction would there be for children to read.
i do not see freedom being thrown out the window anytime soon, we might just have to keep living with offensive products.
every library has different choices.
that quote makes the mood of the memoir loving.
so i want you to think about some effects about computers and your opinions about computers and compare them to my opinions?
what do you think about computers?
as soon as the recess bell goes, students rush out of their classrooms.
computer make things a lot easier for us!
my first reason for why you should believe that they benefit society is that computers have online.
also by having that conclusion statement it help the reader understand the affection of her new country.
i have one such neighbour.
we see that it is already hard for her by the way she breaks down crying.
his name is ram lal.
there are many good details why computers are good for the society.
the features of the setting make the ride for the cyclist very hard.
either to do home work or play games.
he shows his loss of hope again when he talks about how hes going to die.
this is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life.
the large number of obese children is in large part caused by computers.
censorship in libraries in our libraries there are a lot of books that are very helpful.
so i think computers are a great machine for people to have.
i remember one time a few years ago.
and being that he is on a bike rough roads are not very good for him.
if everything that offends people is censored or taken away we will have nothing left.
honestly, there really is no reason to keep making books.
and you can read your favorite books via online scans!, now you be wondering why not pick up a real book?
he finally found hope.
certain materials that a person, or group of people, find offensive not be offensive to everyone.
instead of drawing it, the internet can save time and effort.
it really showed what he called home and what he called a family.
now you can see that the internet can help people and its not just keeping people inside that is why i think we should keep improving technology.
books are most commonly used in the library.
did you know most everyone who his a house their chances of having a computer is just as lucky as having a telephone.
censorship is greatly inferior to proper life lessons about morality, equality, peace, and respect.
simply, teach your kid what is wrong and right.
the cyclist a had rough time.
this is the mood created by the author in the memoir.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
but, if you are on the ' hours a you not realize the nature and .
and how much they used computers and that it really helped them than just searching through books for a ton of information.
one book that is offensive to one, not be to another.
why would you want people in the community or people period to not be comfortable where they are at.
he is very tall and the most beautiful one in the stable.
they sacrifice their luxuries to provide food and education for us.
magazines just are a new thing that people are trying out.
a good half an hour later dad comes through the door with close behind.
she bought a hibiscus that she saw in her homeland a lot, and that flower comfort and affection.
if you start banning or censoring certain things then how will people learn?
writing topics should be open to all people, because whether they are offensive or not they convey a purpose.
the lack of a dry place can make you thirsty by itself but after riding a while it became bad.
from the frying pan to the fire was never truer than in this case.
one person thinks it is a very offensive book and the other thinks it is a very beneficial book.
so when it boils down to it nothing should be removed from the shelves.
any one person can simply send an email by a click of a button.
with a computer you could do so many things!
never the less the is the most watched event in the world when it comes on.
adults, and even some teenagers have jobs in.
that was the sound of a light bulb going off in your head.
also you can even play video games on your computer.
do not remove the books from the shelf only because it is offensive to one person.
the materials children see and hear is up to parents.
libraries could collect viewer comments, allowing people who had checked out an item to write what they thought about it.
ultimately, astronomy, the science of planets and stars, was born.
i was appalled.
a doctor is a great friend of the sick.
most people today are worried about offensive things on and in books or magazines.
at a young age i selected a book i had thought was a ghost story.
i wish everyone would do the same.
so as you can tell computers affect health, socializing, and even mentality.
however there are many different beliefs on this subject.
its easy to say that he literally roughed it, having to resort to putting rocks in his mouth to circulate saliva.
these chunks of metal are expensive, unhealthy and degrading human learning capabilities.
also, i stay in touch with my dad, who works in .
that book on that shelf that you accidentally ran into while doing a research project.
i am writing this article to inform you on how most people are spending their time an computers.
when i get home i check the homework and talk to my friends online.
i feel that taking offensive books off shelves will help with this somewhat peaceful world i would like to live in.
i think that computers are good use, many people use it for research and resources.
computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer.
and how important my family is to me.
also the geese left the home temporally because of snow.
items containing vulgar language is unjust to most.
it would be a boring world.
and how they turned their life into something like those movies when they go on or break.
it revolves us as a whole, and if someones starts taking off books, who is to stop someone else from doing the same.
considering this, the apps are very useful.
i say this is because of the censorship in libraries.
the entire nation had become reliant on computers.
computers also allow you to take out anger on ones and zeros.
you, with this tool, can talk face to face with someone on the other side of the world!
this is why, i believe the author of winter hibiscus ended with the specified paragraph.
the song was by a band named .
for example, swear words, such as the ones argued in , often times show the characters' traits and also improve the setting.
studies have also shown that people who use computers to do work finish faster and have up to more free time to do whatever they want.
first, teens can do harmful stuff on the internet to themselves or others.
people just have different tastes in music.
everyone sees things differently.
computers play a major part in destroying our health.
milk is a nutritious food for young and old alike.
computers are useful to find information for school projects.
, and other magazines like it, needs to be taken off the shelves as soon as possible.
so he let out a sad, hopeless laugh and still had energy to feel sorry for himself.
but at the same time there not so healthy to you and your family.
so the idea of pulling them off the shelf for your own selfish opinion is ridiculous.
first, computers are good for communicating.
i believe this because in the beginning of the story when she is walking home, she states that she failed the drivers test.
people can go there for many different things.
also his is happy.
whats to stop them from censoring everything we write and say?
the setting affected the cyclists mood in a negative way.
music is also one of the important thing that is carried in any school library or any public library.
once again computers have played a part in this too.
when kids see or even hear things like this, they are more likely to try things that we would hope little kids would not try.
books are written for two reasons: allowing authors to express themselves and giving readers the chance to explore and relate to the imaginations of authors.
the computer can only show you nature, but you must log off and find it for yourself to truly appreciate it firsthand.
from the authors tone, it is clear that the features of the setting do affect the cyclist.
this here shows how friendly both the families are together and they are happy to enjoy these meals.
in the florists shops she sees plants that she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood worth.
i thought to myself how could they sell these types of magazines.
in conclusion, i feel very strongly about how positive computers are to society today.
while he cannot go and rent the movie, if his deem it acceptable for him to see, then they can rent it for him.
lets you meet new people without having to tell them who you are.
it is always nice to greet a father, a mother, or even distant cousin online were you can see how much they have grown.
censorship covers an entire multi media spectrum of what is bad and good censorship.
they are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side.
another feature of the setting that affects the cyclist, is that he is out in the middle of nowhere.
this shows that he has been drinking his water too fast due to the heat from being in the desert at summertime.
when the geese come back in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, i will take that test again.
the library is a place where many people go to learn.
i myself have a computer; it is very important and useful to me.
computers are great for work.
also is expressed throughout this memoir.
if computers were no more, it would be extremely hard for a regular person to interact with someone from another country.
sometimes, we just want a good book to read.
the people in his neighborhood were very kind and generous people.
there should not be censorship in libraries.
fun instead of being a no life at home.
today, it is almost a requirement for cities to have public libraries to be considered as real cities.
they help you write essays, grades, charts ex.
everyone has opinions, what would be left without books?
although this is not always the case, it does increase the chances of wrong decisions and it does have and influence on the younger minds.
computers help people because of the internet.
here is one example: my older brother is a senior in high school.
because of the individuality of people and different beliefs and customs we are all going to appreciate and depreciate all different kinds of literature.
this was must end now.
also, many people have important information on a computer.
when it comes to censoring something based on how offensive something is, one always has to consider the gray areas that will be formed.
but who cares about them when you are obsessed with your computer.
in the short story, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
so i think that it would be helpful to get all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things mite change.
this is not the truth, and it should not be in our libraries!
the mood was a good feeling.
before you make an ultimate decision about something, give it a chance first.
thank you for taking your time to read my opinion, and i hope i helped
you should only go on the computer if you really have too.
the effects of what come are far worst than making it so an adult must reach a little high for the book they want to read.
maybe it is about the people learning to deal with a little criticism.
a study conducted the shows that children that use the computer hours a day are more obese then children who use it one hour or less a day.
the rough road was also a problem for the cyclist.
all of which peoples opinions are created by life experiences and many tragedy' they have been apart of.
dear , i think that computers have a negative affect on us!
these are reasons.
what views, what prose, what beauty has been taking from us while we continue living, never having the chance to glimpse it?
this applies to music, movies, magazines, websites, and books alike.
writing is a way to show a persons expressions and what they stand for although it not be pleasing to me or any other person.
so throughout the whole story, the setting of where the cyclist is at affects his mood by giving him doubt, but by also giving him hope.
there are easier solutions to this problem than having to remove the items from the shelves completely.
we need to be able to go to a library and find what we need or want to see or hear.
also with computers it saves papers on maps and we do not wast as much trees.
she fails the test by buying a winter hibiscus after breaking down crying, homesick.
the second to last paragraph talks about the hibiscus, and the geese and the change of seasons.
secondly, publications such as the ones mentioned for banning rebuke the enforcement of opinion for its effects on society.
my father owns company and works from home most days.
my little brothers like to play shooting games on the computer, they are only years old!
both of these diseases are lethal.
so take the considerations in hand.
the first reason is the books were written so they could be viewed by the public.
look at what computers can do.
although the is a government run facility, many people will go elsewhere to find the materials wanted to view the censored media.
kids rely on them for studying or homework.
when a book appears so controversial to the point where the majority of people disapprove of it, then the book usually is taken off of the shelves.
plus, with , people could look for a book all day, not find it and find out that someone else has it.
recently on the news i saw a segment of how at they are using robots to make surgery more efficient.
secondly, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
the town was the traditional definition of a ghost town.
and lastly, the readers, who can do all of the above and read!
many kids are becoming obese and lack my motivation to come out of their room off of the computer.
next thing you know, you have a or on an assignment that the thought you aced.
other things it could teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is.
a library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill and open our minds to new views.
although there are some positive computers can be dramatic.
it is symbolic for when the geese return she will take the test again because when they left she had failed.
dear editor of local newspaper, you know that the average person spends three or more hours each day on the computer?
they were created for older more mature readers.
in the last paragraph is says, this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
computers even have websites of a dictionary were people can look up words.
a test done by showed that teens will rebel times more than usual with the aid of a computer.
make it hard for them to do their homework.
millions even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers.
this freedom should apply to books.
millions of toms of paper land in landfills each day!
books, magazines, newspapers, novels, etc are public reading materials that are meant for everyone to see.
you pick up the book and come to find, it is talking about .
i disagree with that statement.
computers are also a great way to interact with family and friends.
in , we have freedom of speech, the freedom to write or animate to express any belief we choose.
in my opinion, computers make things easier.
and be safe.
i believe that if we make the sections have an age limit we can prevent children from finding bad information.
all of the time being spent on the computer is replacing the time for that stuff, and its not a good thing.
in conclusion, i believe that the children now a days that are exposed to any type of offensive things should know the meaning behind it.
this memoir made me connect this family to mines how similar it is.
i waited and waited for the dog to go but it remained there.
they have assisted education, social reconnecting and the environment.
i know from experience that most parents would not want one of their children to see any of this material for a very extensive time.
we cannot allow our lives to be taken over by censorship.
at present, i am dwindling owing to the selfishness of the man.
the children were very happy.
the adult movies are worse in every way.
when he said the sign rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, was very cautious.
computers can be used to interact with another.
i agree with this because the computer can teach people things.
and then there is the content of what you are viewing.
do you have a computer?
memories are shared thanks to the social networking ability of the computer.
there are some material in libraries i think should be censored to a certain degree.
this made me think of my parents immediately.
whether these things have offense or harsh contents to them, they still prepare and help us to battle through everyday life.
when you are on the computer you are not exercising you body.
while this be true for some people it is not true for .
for me, i think censorship is covering up the truth.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
for example, the war in , or more recently, the and earthquakes.
in exercising while making on ???.
and i agree.
think about what would happen if u brought down books off the shelves.
we as a country were built off the radical and offensive things written about the .
we visit friends and relatives and exchange gifts with each other.
the land with no features also creates a feeling of lost hope in the rider making his entire ordeal that much harder.
some people use their computers for business of work related.
yes, there are books out in libraries that are offensive to a group of people, but that does not mean take that material out of the library.
if i miss something on , it is almost definitely going to be on the computer.
computers have varies websites such as and which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework.
they just give us what we need and want.
finally they are a major waste of money.
everything is new again.
so the past no longer haunts them.
these types of things i think should be taken off the shelves everywhere!
also, they have many medical problems.
now that she has this hibiscus flower, which adapts to the cold weather magnificently, she can adjust to her new life in the united states.
also, if kids need to search from school then they can also do that there are many reasons why people should get computers.
social lives are very affected by what they learn and how they learn the material.
hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifesaver the computer is.
you have all these things you condo.
there at that time made dehydration a bigger risk.
we had dinner at the platform.
are we descendants of those same people?
who would have thought computers can have effect for people.
the people that are checking them out should be mature and responsible enough to know if they find the contents offensive.
in fifth grade i had to do this really hard project.
the setting affected the cyclist in many ways, one way was the weather.
secondly, students like to listen to music.
well i agree with them.
entire companies revolve around computers and if computers just ended, people would lose their jobs.
nature is good smells good, looks good, and computers make people stay inside all day!
lastly, computers are really significant to society because you are able to talk with other people online.
just like the flower losing its buds in the winter and growing them back.
but with all this technology we still need to find a balance.
computers solve problems that some people might not now about.
but when you do it just to spite someone, then that is very hurtful.
after a few times of using a computer you get and better it.
we put so much effort into hearing about these offensive things when all you had to do was leave it alone.
why is it offensive and how is it offensive?
it is because there are people who do like it and do not have a problem at all and like me is not bothered by it what so ever.
she walks by a store and recognize a plant from her home.
most of these offensive items are not placed in libraries because of this problem with people being offended.
computers provide an excellent variety education in our society.
one example is when he learned the definition of family.
in order for that person to ignore their personal issues, they make fun of someone else.
i think the authors mood is, honored, proud, loving, and appreciated.
if you believe so, then do you think it is okay for the campaigners that run for be able to express their thoughts and opinions on different topics?
if they do not hear about it in movies or magazines, they are probably hearing about it at school.
example is flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
these are some reasons that show how this memoir has a peaceful mood given by the author who wrote it.
i get up early in the morning.
developments that have been made by researchers, inventors, artists, and writers were once possibly deemed as risk.
the liberties and freedoms of citizens should not be taken away because of something that is thought to be inappropriate.
anyone can learn important things.
my heart is filled with joy when i play or watch a hockey match.
confidence was a factory for the beautiful weather as well as he knew a short cut.
also, another way that would help stop offensive viewing is parents looking at what their children are reading, watching and listening to.
also being able to look up school work with.
this could be a very bad influence.
after eating fruits, we played a lot of games.
obviously as a result there should be something done about this computer concern.
learned a lot in this house and is very happy for that.
someone might need a certain book for a project.
unaware at there surroundings, many people zone to their computer screens and only break absolutely necessary.
would you pull it out of the shelf for your child to not have a chance to see that?
one day someone came over and they started talking outside.
many if you were deployed to an army write in .
advice from elders always helps us to make up our mind.
one can also attach documents that consist.
all the electronics these days are making people forget about nature, and that needs to change.
the mood created by the author.
not to mention, you can even make new friends.
the shops are mostly small in size.
these are just same of the many ways someone could be sucked into their computers.
i will say though, if you are old enough to live by yourself than you can look at whatever you want.
not only can they be time consuming, computers can also be dangerous.
when someone is dehydrated but has no water, they are desperate to find some.
he was also drinking his bottle of water hard.
books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen.
his english pronunciation is very impressive.
would you like to have a portion of your freedom taken away?
another example of why the author concludes the story with this is because it sums up all the parts covered in the story.
its all about how you take the song when you first hear it and take the messages out of it.
that is the first reason i think that computers are good for people.
so, once again, i would like to let you know that we can fix this.
not even a library has all the information you need.
this is why the author used the last paragraph then why she did.
i assure them that i understand those feelings.
in my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item.
but they also can communicate to your friends and family.
so take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding.
down the road the setting started to change from flat land to hills.
it is because they can give there child a better life.
the worst were books with cuss words that i found.
you have different types and styles of books.
with bringing back memories of her old country.
players have to look at an incoming ball, and guide their stick or mitt to catch the ball.
if you really wanted to something and you were really curios you could search on !
everyone deserves the best and should be treated with care, not hatred.
the computer is a you to play it.
however, i tend to believe that the computer is not necessary.
but one hour or more, is too long.
the subject race might come into play in some books in libraries.
he got to grow up in a very nice family and in a nice way.
all of us were very excited and came dressed in lovely clothes.
another effect is learning about computers and how to use it step one turn it on.
for example, you can talk to your friends and family to check in on them and see how their doing.
i strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier.
it should not be up to their audience to decide whether or not it is appropriate.
this is along the lines of personal thought.
maybe you just want to relax and learn, plug in earphones and listen to math help.
you answered yes to at least one of these questions, there is a good chance you have used a computer in your lifetime.
libraries should make it impossible for teenagers to do this.
many people have mentioned and some statistics show that by at least , will be computerized.
just as children can pick up the offensive habit of swearing , so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long period of time.
he checks it out and goes home to watch the movie.
although you spend time on the computer, you can contact family exercise your brain and there time to nature.
i actually enjoy family parties.
he has thanked them many times.
no good comes from hiding it.
he also is very grateful for his parents sacrifice to give the life he has.
the same thing goes for friends.
you learn about things in the comfort of your home, or of your home town.
that is why i believe computers benefit society.
some people like these kinds of things with bad actions in them!
however, i believe that from this quote even she agrees we in fear what our children read.
even if it is offensive to you it could come in handy for another person
instead up being blinded by the screen, you can get blinded from the sun outside by riding a bike.
in some ways, censorship is necessary and in other ways, some people just want attention.
either method is a great way of communication!
then, we as people will wonder what will be left of us.
he takes the help of p. t. teachers too.
due to the fact they never left their porches.
if you participate in these activities, you will meet other kids your age around the town.
to solve the problem, everything should not be censored.
no matter what happens odds are is that children will find their way around these things, it never fails.
when you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money.
most people do not realize what sort of trouble they will start with censorship.
for example, the hibiscus represents.
he believes in simple before his students.
music is also a controversial material to censor.
all they wanted me to listen to was christian music and i did not like that.
seeing the beauty of nature, and spending less more with their families.
and no their reading.
computer presents to kids through.
he make the story very personal with all the family members he explains.
it helps people stay aware of the world around them and educated about everything.
they become friendly with the seamen and go on fishing.
in the story the setting plays a big role in effecting the cyclist.
so i hope you understand and agree with my reasons.
the cyclist also had a really bad time, because he had to taste stones in order to make his thirst go away, one example of that is when
our country has problems with being overweight.
especially if you had read the book yourself and found nothing wrong with it?
but this perked my curiosity.
there also useful for work most people use computers for work.
both of those books are by the author .
a there ever a time where there a movie that you wanted to see, but due to graphics in the movie you were not aloud to see it?
yes there are but using a computer is so much more faster.
this would be a helpful tool to our society in order to keep up with the world and not miss the latest event.
some parents let their kids get away with too much.
events that help us get a better grasp and keen look at what has happened in the past.
i think computers definitely have a positive affect on people in many ways.
the conclusion sentences states that she is going to retake the test in the spring.
he says that of people get a because their boss is so impressed with their consistent timing.
i love truth and non-falsehood.
another reason computers are a problem is because they strain you eyes.
everyone has different tastes, not only in food, but in every other part of their lives as well.
but one should know the dangers of censorship.
do you think having inappropriate or offensive books, magazines, movies or music should be found in a public library?
the was just think his dad was.
a computer offers no face to face interaction.
well since you are still reading on that means you cannot make up your mind.
not two miles into this section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
this all happened because she was addicted to a website.
then my family bought me a computer, was so nice using the online dictionary.
censorship is a major problem in the .
this made him less determined to reach his goal.
authors use endings that make people wonder so people think.
one person might feel that a book about a sexual assault victim is offensive, while another person might think the book is informational and helpful.
music is the same way.
i understand that some people not agree with me, however i propose that my side is the best.
and happens when this movie is released and checked out from the library by a young boy who just wants a fun sleepover with his friends?
sitting around like a couch is not healthy.
he ended up getting a on the test because he used a computer.
books are created to read and have interest, laughter, enjoying.
for example, i read a book and they stereotyped the cheerleaders, just like everyone else does.
you could read a book or draw.
the smooth flat road gave way to rolling hills, which made it harder for him to ride.
there are people out there that think somethings should be taken off the shelves or not even made.
and i had always walked to my house after school.
they changed the way people think and how they look at the world.
nowadays everyone uses the computer as their main form of communication.
fun is that?
email is high tech, and super easy!
the author has a sentimental value to.
this shows the love that everyone has for one another.
therefor if items were being removed from a public place that gives that, would not let this happen.
every one in the world is not all going to like all of the same movies, books, and music we all have different testes.
a specific place of censorship is with books and magazines at libraries.
to sum it all up, computers maybe, but every single cloud has a dark lining.
the ways mentally is that the cyclists can loose determination and pride if they cannot fight the journey of cycling.
no, it not.
please speak up and explain i would love to hear it.'
as a child, my sister grew up with computers, she knew how to fully use it by age , she went to collage with amazing computer skills.
i strongly believe that people are spending to much time on the computer.
some spend years trying to perfect their masterpieces.
i have only one answer.
i can connect to that because i used to be a user of the computer and my guardian would yell at me because of it.
or you can level up skills like wood cutting, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking.
they make pongal rice by cooking rice with milk and jaggery on this day.
computers also allow people an easy way to communicate with friends and family without using a phone.
furthermore, how would be able to even start a fire without how to light a match?
oh well, all i can tell you is that your missing a lot.
it would have been burning hot.
computers have none of that.
i am not saying that i am totally against censorship of certain things, like nudity on television.
i would like to that the i for sitting and reading my essay.
in a different area of the library.
you can see here the positive effects of a computer.
rough road ahead.
you can with your friends, email your peers and now there are website you can go on where you can talk to your friends or a stranger.
a young girl showed her shooting skills.
for example, if you did not know a conversion it is easily found on the internet.
children now a days know a lot of things and are intelligent about certain subjects.
computers are amazing!
the music some one could listen is also very bad, and your child could listen to that.
no one is to make people to get people offline.
the author was explaining what the boy in the memoir was feeling and felt.
if the worry is concerning youth, parental guidance should be in affect.
what would those books be without those statements?
do computers make harm?
i think that they should put some books on the shelves that people will like and the music that people will like.
and with no town for water he would be thirsty.
so go and share this information with other people to convince them that computers are positive.
i think that everyone has heard a variation of that line at least once.
some of them causes us to have nightmares or have very bad behavior.
of those students finished their high school and college years through online classes.
someday your kids will ask questions about that that kind of stuff they hear or see at school from other students.
my stand is that computers hurt peoples.
books, movies, and music were created for a reason.
money, weight and sleep.
when dies on the side of the cliff by when he launches the huge rock over board.
they started this home with three children in their small house.
his parents doors were always open to everyone.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
these hills also exhaust the cyclist and cause him to need more water.
within a desert, water is to be found nowhere.
however, computers are a great step forward in modern science and are beneficial to communities.
there will never be a perfect answer for a problem like this in the world.
in this story, the features of the setting heavily affect the cyclist.
they gave up a lot and he recognize that.
another example is that public look up information about the world on my computer.
most jobs in our world need the computer for something or other.
he says his parent were selfless and took in refugees in their home.
when little kids came into the library does it seem like they should stay away from that section.
people, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday.
we also get water from rains.
the fun messages are what makes everything so great.
books, music, movies, and magazines have bad messages or nudity, but that does not give anyone the right to get rid of them.
i believe that it would be wrong to strip those of what they find interesting what they enjoy to read or watch and listen to.
that is one reason computers are bad.
when you are on your walk you find interesting new species.
the answer is the customers at the library.
if you miss a long lost friend or cousin, just search their name, and you can talk to them!
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
also, talking to friends online is fun too.
i think that all libraries should carry the same content in them.
at first it may cause us some pain or trouble to learn and appreciate discipline.
also kids can get obese witch is already a greatly growing process.
computers are common by now, but people argue rather they are really needed on our society.
clearly you can see why computers have positive effects on people and society.
as the i wrote above, i showed not even a fraction of what computers are good for.
books offer us as humans so much, from to entertainment to even a form of comfort.
although, there were some parts of the book that had me confused.
there are so many ways to get to those things with the technology we have today.
school another great example where society benefits from computers students and teachers use them everyday to learn.
have you ever imagined a without movies or music to entertain you?
this affected him because usually when you think about thirst you get thirsty er.
they might not know that violence is not the answer to many problems, and they will not realize that there are other solutions to a problem.
when the censor things it makes me angry.
for example, instead of a ton of papers you could simple just save it in your computer.
all ages should be able to enjoy what a library has to offer, and with some materials that is not possible.
also all the negative things that can happen like spending less time with family members, getting addicted, and being unhealthy.
which has helped are society in ways.
who in the world would say a computer is useless.
be a parent or responsible child if you are against censorship.
you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers.
our school, like all schools, has a prescribed uniform.
i hope i have shown you as an independent person my statement was true.
the author said that it was early summer which means it could be hot and uncomfortable weather for the cyclist.
this is all generously spoken within the depths of the excerpt.
it provides useful information to everyone.
i have noticed in my school alone, that it is a rapidly growing problem.
removing certain materials from the shelves of libraries is not the way to go.
well i guess that about sums that up for me.
also when your bored it will give you something to do.
specially when all they talk about is suicide and one of my best friends has trouble with that because of her dad.
as long as he thinks about his death, there is only more death.
in conclusion, computers have a very negative affect on people.
get to know them in person and not over the internet.
dear newspaper , are you aware that more than of families have ownership to a computer?
therefore causing grades to go down or not complete home work on time.
this shows how much love the author has to be grateful for.
the advantage that he had was he left before the sun came up.
i hate all these because they will make us do wrong things.
people can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree.
therefore it should be age appropriate.
i believe that computers do not benefit society.
keeping those historical facts poses an opportunity to teach and learn.
also when you look for a home decorator you just go on the computer and look up websites to see some of the work they have done.
then he started having a conversation with some old me who decided that they would tell him a short cut they took back in the day.
also, everyone has different interests.
on his computer and haven went outside.
computers take a lot of time away from people.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
the music was created by an artist who made it for enjoyment and entertainment.
then everyone can help stop people taking things away from the community that makes them happy.
its to do school work and talk to family.
every author has an intended audience when they are writing a book, and they write about what they think is appropriate for that certain audience.
most people have matured over the years about what happened in the past.
another way is that of water from severe heat.
if you want to know the mother and how to prepare for , just look up and do what you have to.
they both have some of the same characteristics like chatting to your friends, updating your status every now and then uploading pictures, songs, etc.
i have three cousins that live in that i never get to see, but with computers i can talk to them all the time.
now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up.
some of the best advertisements have won international acclaim.
if the consumer walks into a library and is looking for a book to read.
the truth is, computers are starting to take negative effect on our society and even ruin relationships.
the postal department should try to improve his lot.
you need to be healthy and most of all active.
she needs water to survive, and the next town is very far away.
her parents came selflessly, as some immigrants will do, to give their children a better life.
but it is and because they his parents had him and they had a house feel like a home to him.
this website does work sheets and helps with the level the child is on.
some people however argue that books are the most dangerous thing to children and young adults.
people spend way to much time on the computer.
so that just people who want a certain item or whatever can get it with out other people having to see or listen to anything offending
one late winter night, we heard the cry of an old lady, from the nearby house.
in the way the author ends the story it helps give inspiration for a new beginning and new season.
i that parents these days are really happy when you have come home and made new friends.
once a teenager or child view all the vibrant advertisements and beautiful models selling products, they begin to lose a sense of reality and childhood.
that was the mood of the memoir.
some books seem bad, but when you think about it there is always a good lesson to be learned.
first of all, people are on the computer way too much.
books are a key to learning!
there is a direct connection between the lack communication at home for teens & computer usage.
communication with people around the world is a huge advantage.
so lets recap on what we learned!
no more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater.
on a computer you can learn about new places.
then my father left me in school.
a walk in a big park or on the bank of a stream is even more refreshing.
when we got to the library, things got worse.
secondly, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with other people around the .
also you are still interacting with your family and friends, just not verbally (only typing).
thereafter he decided to find a way to overcome the cause of suffering.
another way is through video chat.
it says that she will keep on attempting to make an adjustment to her life till she accepts her new home.
imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond.
northern states lead by lincoln won the war, and he abolished slavery.
many people also use the internet for communication purposes.
computers can be a very good thing to have around.
although it made me very frightened, it taught me a very good lesson.
take time out of you day that you would normally spend on the computer to take a walk outside.
even though i feel this way about inappropriate books, i understand there has to be some sort of limit when it comes to censorship.
chats rooms are cool to.
a whopping of internet users use sites like or .
welcome to the future.
well i dearly hope your answer benefits the children in .
for an adult it can show them meanings of words or new words.
second, the computer gives the ability to talk with friends and family.
your an old fashion woman who believes in old fashion ideals such as no cursing or violence.
where can you learn these?
some good for kids and teenagers and some inappropriate.
lastly, the road started getting rough up ahead which could be hard to ride over potholes and thugs like that.
first he says how grateful he is for the customs passed down to him.
the cyclist was very angry that the old men led him into this barren town, however he kept hope and traveled to the next town.
would you like to set your children up to fail?
instead looking up what a book was about, just read it!
i think being on the computer is unhealthy.
the tone the author gave out was joy.
in conclusion, the computer can ruin your life and can make you go blind.
just because it is found offensive by some does not mean it is offensive to all.
humanity relies way to much on the computer.
then, i went on a tutoring websites and they taught me everything that i was having trouble with.
its stuff they should never even find out about.
you can either email them or talk to them from a web cam.
the books that are more explicit cold be put higher up such as on a top shelf.
her mother was very understanding and when she goes to retake the test she will be prepared.
it’s essential for small children.
the final reason that the mood of this memoir is thankfulness is that the author is thankful for his hardworking parents.
i agree reading helps our youth learn and excel in schooling, but offensive books and magazines put nasty ideas into their minds and distort their way of thinking.
if they get on that talks about drugs and some other things they could be offensive by that.
they are always full of people.
should be taken out of the library.
finally, society will not spend as much time communicating with family and friends in person.
are many different web sites to go on and talk to friends and family.
that quote means that most things she thought of as strange she is now getting used to slowly, which means is adapting.
if you were hungry and hot, but nothing was near you this could make you hot.
my dad introduced me to his uncle who shared the same name as me.
the next thing the computer helps us with is it entertains us.
now a days, material that is offensive to some is all around.
this is not right at all!
one could also say this book is offensive because of the language it uses.
the will always be thankful to her parents for that reason.
also, this ties in with something our country was founded on, which is freedom of the speech, and the press.
everything is for educational purposes.
then, she will be ready to achieve her goal.
books, music, movies, and magazines be offensive to someone but not everyone.
next i will talk about how computers are a great resource to talk to far away people you know.
for example the text states, the sun was beginning to beat down.
in some countries the donkeys are used to
i think that some books in the library some people might take offensive.
i would keep that type of books, music or movies might you ask?
libraries cannot just throw out books because they offend someone.
another mood expressed in the memoir is love and kindness.
these are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are beneficial to society.
another feature was the grape juice factory, also abandoned, so he hung his head and that blues tune summer time rattled in his brain.
censoring destroys books and the learning curriculum of multiple students.
read ahead and discover why i think computers are great.
now, all these pieces have this garbage in it and has had it in it for quite some time.
dear local newspaper, are you spending all your precious time on a computer?
the first is the town he came to was a ghost town.
it is real relaxing to me.
it has golden fur on
dear , i would like to notify your business that computers benefit society.
people are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising.
some kids enjoy reading adult books.
this was the same in my experience as the setting affected myself.
always breathe in the fresh air and do some kind of exercise every day.
what do you think?
people have read some of the material that the library has and spotted some profanity not knowing it was in .
citizens spend over a year on phone bills.
unfortunately, the negative aspects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty.
but as second road sign appeared he was relieved.
overall the author could not had a better family then this, they showed them how to live and that is what a families should accomplish.
people are spending less time outdoors and more time inside at a desk.
he should devote time to every subject.
hes riding on hills, which makes it even harder.
who would want to go to the library and want to sit there knowing that they are going to be reading something that is not interesting and just boring?
ten , who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles , with no mail or telephone or whats over?
books that people say are offensive are usually the interesting ones.
one reason why you should think that computers are good is it has a positive effect on people!!
they can cycle for along time; however, weather can affect the cyclist.
they also can get information about what they are studying quickly and more efficiently.
in truth, the author was just trying to convey how the teenage girl feels and what happens when you go through with something like that.
finally at the end of the the author creates a sincere .
it should be placed on a different section of the library.
even just typing is interesting for younger kids.
they can work on their homework, read a book, or do some studying for school.
lastly in a computer you basically find out anything you want to know.
yes, i think that some books should be taken out of all libraries.
there is absolute peace without the noise of motor horns and hawkers.
to of children who use the internet are most likely so succeed in college because they know what websites to go to and how to get there.
if you have a laptop you can talk to them were every they go or you go.
instead of watching the games or the scores they should get out and play the game.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by when the story says twenty miles up the road.
these are reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime.
the mood created by the author in the was both loving and .
computers are very useful to people of the world i bet that the people who make them will make new ones that can go on almost everything.
as someone once said, ' who do not know their history are bound to repeat it'.
with a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture.
books were made to keeping people wondering, learning, and excited.
for example, i noticed the terrain changing.
also, the mood is caring.
when kids get home from school they put their name work down and go right on the computer.
please think about what i have said and thank you for taking your time out of your day to read this
lastly, i will talk about how you could do homework.
that it was a shortcut.
another thing is children taken books off shelves.
, in and a student could find more information on a specific country than they could with a book.
why should any person be allowed to tell another person what you can and can not read?
children need to see animals, smell the sweet scent of flowers and feel the breeze brush against their cheeks.
secondly, people need to enjoy nature.
the censorship in libraries needs to be more strict.
at the age of sixteen then usually kids are fine on there own they know what to expect.
if internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future.
it was meant to catch your attention right off the first sentence of the story.
the library provides information for teachers, students, researchers, writers and for readers who do it as a hobby.
if they are that bad they should have something on them like movies that are rated .
well they are for shadowing because they are telling you something that she says she is going to do in the future.
for one the machines use up load of energy in the house making the electric bill rise and .
to , computers are a benefit to our society.
if people choose to let their children read books then that is fine with me.
i even seen on the news where it was an author who wrote a book about how he killed a lady.
some people can be happy with things ,while others disagree.
what i think about all of this?
so computers are not a waste.
it cause trouble but just set your mind to it and you can help and solve problems when you do set your mind to it
they also allow you to do research.
do i think that books, movies, music or magazines should be removed from the library?
plenty of reading material of world culture should be available to all world communities.
d you know that there is more than radio station?
then go out side and enjoy the outdoors.
she will try the driving test again and the plant will overcome.
this is wrong and immoral.
also the cool thing about a computer is that there are websites that let you talk to your friends that live near you.
typing helps you if you want to become a secretary or even a newspaper editor.
technology is a part of life today, & will continue increasing with the years.
milk is taken from the cows, the milk is also taken from sheep and goats.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
and you can learn new things that you have no clue about.
which would eventually eliminate everything because there will always be at less one person who thinks something is offensive in someway, shape, or form.
censorship can mold people, not for the better.
lastly, there are predator online.
you are also going to miss out on the beauty of nature.
the next season will be a sort of renewal, starting fresh and coming out beautiful as does a hibiscus in bloom.
just like legal things only legal for adults.
the computers have gone to far now.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because is symbolizes the hope that things will get better.
movies are mostly just made up ideas that people come up with.
this is a more indirect approach to removing a piece of literature.
however, there is going to be someone who needs to use that item for personal knowledge or for research.
libraries should not have to take books off the shelf just because someone found it offensive or did not like it.
its amazing you can be anywhere, talking to anyone you want.
censorship has become a major topic when it comes to books, music, and movies.
it has two wheels.
see love can be found out on computers and a lot of fun too.
in other words, the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
you could even learn about a computer and all of its history!
the cyclist must have lost hope in civilization after he found abandoned examples of civilization.
although computer are good for this they be addiction.
but then it shifted.
also it is just flat out a waste time when you could be outside playing a game.
the library is meant to have almost any book someone could think of.
just think computers this way a helping brain for those who work hard.
if he chooses not to, that is up to .
the train stated.
i did stupid stuff because i thought that it was right.
this takes time to learn but out over internet i learned it quickly.
i was taught to always be respectful to others and try my hardest in whatever it is i do.
they poll the customers and see what they think, they do nothing at all, or they remove the item to keep the person happy.
they are the true protectors of the nation and our lives.
friend was dumbfounded.
computer are a great resource in our everyday lives so why not use what we were given.
nobody can force you to do anything of that nature.
studying is also made easier this way.
an example of this is the school i attend, middle school.
so how could those things be harmful to society.
because shes learning more about it + will be ready for the test next spring.
google is not the only search engine on the internet, there is also , !, , , , etc.
she found strength in herself and courage to do better.
my mother had went in and made a complaint about the restricted movies being in with the children films.
people can disagree, no one has to agree with anything anyone says.
dear post, i have been thinking about the way computers affect our lives.
putting my learning to a stop.
its good to still have have books that are offensive material because you get educated not to be offensive.
books, music, movies, magazines there is a reason why they are out there and it could teach you something new so why not learn it.
next, computers also allow people to learn about other faraway places and people.
i personally think that computers are good.
these are the sites you use to access information from others to making plans for the weekend.
the sight was troubling.
the setting had a bad affect on the author in many ways.
well, not everyone was able to come.
what you can do is you can contact them over the computer (webcam).
the cyclist has a limited amount of water, and it was a very humid day for traveling.
when they had no children of their own, the suffering of homeless children invoked sympathy in their hearts.
the boy was crying and was very scared but was safe.
was the author of this book and i thought she did an excellent job of writing this piece of literature.
it also has a very loving tone to it.
without this basic necessity people cannot be happy.
there is no way a child could check out an offensive book, take it home, and read it without their guardian knowing.
water in a sense in this story is a metaphor to his life, and is the source for him living.
each team has five players.
what will come of our world?
but, because more and more people are spending time on computers, this is almost impossible.
i do believe that certain materials should be taken of the shelves if they are found offensive.
with modern day technology all that is possible.
when you type with a keyboard, you have to know where each letter is.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
i do not think that is right. '
this is my third school yet on the day i joined it was very nervous.
it also helps you with your work.
when there are different opinions, there are always going to be different books out there about the same topic from multiple points of view.
if we start removing books and everyone removes one then we are going to be left with nothing to learn off of.
people all over learn things on the computer each day.
we all love cuddling and watching movies together, but not all movies are right for us.
secondly, computers are harmful because they lead to less time being with real people.
i was so upset about leaving my old friends.
even the magazines have things that are just way too inappropriate for some people.
set up programs at your house or town for turning off the computers.
the features of the setting have a very negative effect on the cyclist.
when we get ill she is unrest.
goods spread all around.
these advances in computers can also allow people to learn worldwide information.
the store market is also run on computers.
because in the memoir say that he felt graceful and happy about his culture.
censoring these people can and would be horrible.
since some of the kids in my school who have special needs have a hard time reading.
the author concludes the last paragraph to show that after a time period you can come back and try something again.
new is currently thinking about taking away computers in our town.
while they are reading the book opens there mind to much more then what they are used to and normally around everyday.
this is my view on censorship in libraries
if the boat is rowed by more than one boatman, they should have a perfect and clear understanding.
thanks to internet, i have been able to keep in touch with them.
these are a few reasons i think computers put a positive effect on people.
they can gives us facts about a certain topic that we not find any where else.
this denies those artists of their own freedom of expression and represses something simple, our own expression.
this is not because we want it there, but because these things are a part of life.
this can cause you to feel tired and drowsy after being on the computer.
she promised herself that she will try again and adapt to her surroundings not like others around her have adapted.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness and happiness.
censoring or removing on the other hand, is permitted to the distributor.
for instance, and tend to have a lot of bad messaged songs, so therefore most people think that all and are bad.
so in conclusion that is my opinion on this
this can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need.
people can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school.
yet that is just me.
kids love to go to the library to get books and just hang out with friends.
computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way.
you can chat with your friends, you have a webcam you can video chat with friends.
a second reason why the author created does mood because in the place were the author lived there were many different people from different places.
i was going to die, and the birds would pick me clean.
people use computers for fun!
from my own experience, controversy is the reason that books are stricken from libraries.
people have the freedom to choose, whether it is books, magazines, movies, or music.
the mood in the memoir was to show what family is, that its much more than blood.
the article was obviously biased and did not have any teen sources to prove that not all teen drivers are bad.
i believe that people should have the right to read whatever they want.
overall a persons opinion will be the most important one to them.
how would you feel if your child came up to you asking what drugs are ?
which than you would need glasses.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
the whole house was reduced to ashes.
without the computers most of us would not no about world news.
i water them.
then having to go to college especially for working parents?
therefore computers are great because all assignments look ,better when they are printed.
we walked out the front doors and we were on our way home.
the magazines should never be checked out.
in the book , firemen would burn any book seen within a home.
could you live a day without a computer?
he was grateful for his parents caring and selflessness.
i want the libraries to think this over ; because it is not fair to adults or older children.
she became and cleaner.
its like having a book with everything you will every need or want to know.
there are many different arguments about this subject.
now a days out of people are over weight or obese.
i, for one do not.
lastly, doctors say its not good for you to always stay on the computer.
in the long run of things the more people try to stop things from not being in this world the more people are going to try to get them.
the snow melting would be the pain going away.
if you just take a step back, you notice how valuable something really is to you.
i think that both these opinions are correct.
in my opinion the computer was on of the best inventions made.
no sane person would want to take away computers.
he was hot, sweaty and thirsty.
the setting of this short story has a big affect on the cyclist.
also, to teach little kids maybe even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer it will teach kids how to type.
it make the person feel emotions that bring them down.
for family who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have.
getting rid of a material can lose someone information about whatever they are researching.
computer time is fine in moderation, you just have to be aware of how much time you spend on it.
well with the internet all you need is your credit card and you could be there tomorrow because the internet allows you to try new things.
driving away from the factory, he saw a sight of a fish camp and immediately regained hope.
as you can see many people use the internet on their computers to receive news and information.
they might ask a lot of questions the parents might not even have the answer for.
i hope i persuaded you to like computers more.
we can borrow one book at a time from the school library.
that is what he or she chose to write about!
first, there will be no reason for removing the books from the library unless more new books and etc.
many might want to forget about what happened, instead of books and magazines still publishing articles and stories about it.
people with social problems, people with bad handwriting, and just busy people who cant sit down and watch the hour news.
the features of the setting are that there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
basically, the author did a full circle, by ending the story in this way.
this basically means that with all the love and care his parents had toward him and his neighbors, created a great place to live.
in the story rough road ahead the setting and the features affect the cyclist.
but if your the only one then i highly doubt they will make a special effort to get rid of it.
lastly, all of paragraph and explains how his parents risked everything to be in the .
many people have varying opinions & beliefs, but i personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use & operate them.
i believe every book, movie, magazine, and other piece of literature should have a rightful place on the shelf.
we would be able to talk in a chat room or on a game.
there was a big garden.
we all sat together listening to her.
she is ready to try the test again.
it seemed as though the worse his setting became, the worst he personally felt.
this was true history so there should be no restrictions to that sort of book.
helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on.
most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people.
also, as the terrain became hillier, his journey became even harder.
this meant was that you had to be in shape.
that shows she calm down already, she feels better with her new country.
but mostly i have to stay back as i am the eldest.
reflecting my view on censorship in libraries.
i am writing to persuade you that computers have a positive effect on people.
but, using a computer can solve that problem.
movies like that should not be on the shelf at the library for my child to view.
he longs for, the cool pines and rushing rivers ().
they take their food and rush to the water taps.
so, if they wanted to read a book like that, they could probably get it off the internet, even if they can not in libraries.
people must be able to communicate as well people do not communicate with each other.
finally, and most importantly, computers help improve communication between people.
parents need to have full supervision to their children.
should them type of things but in the with children?
finally, there are many abandoned towns that are several miles apart from each other.
i think this way because you have to look up something on the computer one day.
they give me great joy.
i believe that the book that none of us read.
so now while everyone is wondering what sort of effect the computer has, remember how easy that work was for me.
make the change today.
this helps because people talking to other people online can beast there their morale.
you have to think about the younger generations.
it was also very hilly which made the work even harder.
almost everything on the computer has to be read so gives a lot of practices.
because sooner or later there wont be any trees left in the world and humans would became extinct for eternity.
for example: computers help us learn about almost anything quickly and easily.
some children hit their parents because the parents shut the computer off.
for ' for example was banned in public schools for some reason.
which helps in most cases.
for example in the story when he enters the fork in the road it says he found several rusty pumps, and one ramshackle shed.
it made him realize to never again trust the old men.
you might be upset and find it unfair, because you cannot do some things.
i totally agree with this.
first of all, more and more kids are using computers way more often than they should.
in most libraries, you will find anything you are looking for that can be contained within the confines of a book.
the author is very happy his parents did this for him.
this brings me to the last point.
i believe that items in a library should not be censored based on constitutional , the creation of gray areas, and the depletion of classic literature.
because of that, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
what do they do?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
they just ignore it, the world needs more people like that.
i live my own life and personally think you should live yours as well.
if we made the change the age limited on movie we might be even better off .
there is a way.
the first thing i am going to talk to you about is how it is bad.
also, people will be happier because they enjoy travel.
spending to much time on their computers can strain your eyes.
books that some people like are found offensive by others.
you can find information on almost any topic.
the next day i passed my test.
they also might use it for typing a project or making a presentation.
when she want to the greenhouse all of the.
most people do not know this but being on the computer too long puts strain on your eyes which is bad.
certain books, magazines or even music contains mature or graphic nature.
imagine that you have a relative who lives a great deal of miles away from you and its too expensive to call or fly over there.
in school, there are times when we need to write a very lengthy composition, and it will take forever to write.
no,not in my opinion, and i hope not in yours either.
i will give attention to discipline.
lastly, i think that the computer offers no physical gain, this nation is in a severe heath crisis.
now lets get started with skill.
the parents gave up seeing their families, friends and careers in the country they loved.
anything can be a home.
usually a hobby depends upon a person’s interest.
please take my ideas into consideration.
this means you should learn haw to type faster.
or be active, learn everyday skills and become more friendly to life people around you?
books, movies, and magazines are meant to be read based on opinion, and it should remain that way.
in the passage do not exceed posted speed limit the deserts feature did not have any positive affects on the cyclist.
but, then are people who disagree with them.
some of the offensive material could be used to help students in there education.
many authors now use offensive methods and terms to persuade their audiences.
things would be completely different if people would watch what they put in stuff.
finally, you can find pleasure in computers.
in the exact same way, censorship keeps people from enjoying the type of music that they love.
we as take it very offensive when they are called someone in our own race a .
a doctor is just like a god for the patients.
this person complains to whomever banned this form of literature, and the book or other form of literature is put back on the shelves.
for , i play music and talk to my friends at the same time.
but i also think the should put them book up in a part were they have adult things and book at.
computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations.
as for myself, i personally as a child was not allowed to view certain types of movies, books, or magazines.
libraries would soon close because everything is being found as offensive.
think about it, how do children have access to things like that?
the natural world is ever changing, and you will miss out on a lot of amazing opportunities if you hardly ever step foot outside your front door.
ends his memoir and proves to us how thankful he is.
be you have been trying to lose some extra pounds.
if other people would like the book then the library will not take the book off of the shelves.
i remember one time when i first started going outside i had so much fun.
all books serve a purpose and should remain staunch on the shelves of local book stores, regardless of the methods used in them.
she ends it with this sentence because its a sign of new life.
more often than not they come to our help when we do not know what to do.
teenagers are teenagers they must have technology.
i could drop from heat stroke another great quote showing how hot it really is where the cyclist is.
computers have helped make that easier.
the government is trying to make the children of less corrupt, but they will end up learning everything that is censored for their friends and peers anyways.
it gives them short cuts through life.
many sites amuse us, and we should make use of that.
a big thing with this is race and culture.
has brought them closer together and made them better friends.
if all the slightly offensive material was to be taken out of libraries, that would eliminate a large portion of the customers.
when he leaves the factory, he feels ???
he says throughout the story how thirsty he is and how much he needs to drink some water.
use the for an hour a time and take rests before using it again.
dear newspaper, i think that using your computer too much is bad.
this benefits people in a positive way.
now that their family together they can spend the rest of there life happy together
your cousin believing in one thing,means you have to believe in it also?
fake and dangerous info when we have book.
many people read books about the real life, books that they can relate to.
yes it dose have a positive effect on some people.
computers were mode to simply difficult situations, such as typing, finding, , and keeping a record of financial statuses.
the series can contain violence that can influence kids and teenagers.
the cyclist is pretty confident in what they tell him, so he follows their suggestions.
well now many things can be ordered offline.
all of these things happened back to back without giving him a break, so it really tired him out.
the last one is magazines.
i feel that since everyone has their own definition of offensive and disturbing, that libraries and media centers should separate such materials from other books, magazines or .
adults use them too.
people who love horror movies probably hate comedies.
there are thousands upon thousands of websites; all of which can teach people different things.
while someone dislike a teen magazine because of how it effects youth, another find it inspiring.
although you are supposed to be at least to have a , most kids lie about their age.
computers, as you can see, have both good and bad effects.
after many reports about the book, the book was taken out of the library.
the materials be controversial, but they still are pieces of literature that deserve to be read and studied by the people of the .
people are concerned.
their simple house was the best place for them to be together as a family.
there can be different censorship on individual people too.
it is one thing to chat online, but it is better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on screen.
to , my name is i am from .
for their spelling will soon become and the vocabulary will be, or all in slang.
how cool is seeing your friend when your not together?
(paragraph ).
when i was in elementary school, i had a friend who i was very close to and a part of his life.
to help us catch criminals.
but even though this could happen what type of free, run by the people for the people, group are we now.
last, he thought he saw some mirages that tells me that the climate is extreme for the cyclists.
computers do not help you brain in any means possible.
this is going to be my first opinion.
while others disagree.
banning books can be good and also very hurtful in many reasons.
instead of separating the kids, surprisingly they started quarreling amongst themselves.
another thing computers are used i for as learning.
why get rid of these books when people are still enjoying them everyday.
also i do not care about any noises that go on in the library.
he also told me that the zoo authorities take care of the animals in best possible manner.
also people using computers are spending less time with family and friends.
in my opinion, i believe that if the only purpose of it is to read it then it should be in a library.
with a computer, you can type it out in half the time.
this illustrates that computers must have an positive effect on people if most people own them.
music is music and it is there to be listened too.
there are ways people can avoid seeing them.
my dad always spend his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him.
as he got further he realized that he was in the middle of nowhere.
it is sad that we have to worry about these things in the first place.
this person was imagining things.
the advance in technology has upgraded computers, and now allows people to communicate through them.
when you are on the computer, the internet allows you to search anything and everything.
being hot was one part of the setting that affected him because he had to drink water a lot.
why would you move from the shelves, if they are going to know about it some how?
it could also help save our planet by saving the energy.
rather than, lead them into making bad decisions.
this could make the cyclist thirsty.
he needed to find a place with water.
we just have to learn to use it with respect.
every book has a meaning or message that all should know about.
the horizon was what kept cyclist going.
sure enough he was!
just like parents for example.
just remember kids and adults of all ages reading is a good thing no matter what you decide to read.
another opinion is that i think people should not spend most of there time on the computer.
that is why i think the computer has a great effect on people.
certain items such as magazines, and newspapers and books, some of these items are held at a public level.
these books have violence and inappropriate behavior in them.
also if it was or to me i would the use of computers.
according to the old men the cyclist would pass by a few towns if he took the route they told him.
many families across the globe use computers, whether their from , all the way to the deserts of .
where are the parents out there?
studies show that computers are use in the winter two time as much then.
first you meet how people or friends.
its also because there is very little water left for him.
censorship in our libraries could get a little graphic and such.
it will also save you more money.
if we were to take such books that offend someone out of our libraries, what would we have left?
but mainly because of the recent issue.
dear , i believe many people spend to much time on computers.
come on really they have animals in movies that talk all the time.
you can also learn about people and their cultures.
without computers life as we know it would probably be way different.
no one should be judged for their religion, so take them off the shelves.
others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising.
i don' believe it should work that way.
with the creation of art there is always a deeper meaning behind them.
does everybody deserve to read or watch anything they want?
the society will have great effect on with is aloud to be seen or heard by those that live in the society.
the author is grateful for the things parents did for him so he could get a better life.
can you smell the fresh air it flies around?
if you keep them from a book or etc they might end up reading it in the long run.
as a teenager each book i look at its always about sex or gang violence.
children should be kept away from these books but they should not be completely removed from the shelves.
for example the flower was originally a wild flower and then and then it was planted in a pot.
theirs always something to do or a place to go.
computers help us learn a lot about, just about, everything.
i was caught.
like what kind of clothes they wore, food they ate, place the, lived in.
their is a nice attitude towards everything through good times and bad always a good attitude.
being in extreme heat can cause a person to suffer from major dehydration.
therefor, a personally offensive movie should not be removed from the shelves and prevent the enjoyment of another individual.
a similar thing to this is instant messaging.
the right to read certain books should not be left to a conservative few, because everyone has their own opinion about everything.
for one you cannot run very long, you become weak, and for kids you stop growing.
the bigger kids like in grades should be able to look at the books because it will be word that have heard before.
a recent polls shows that that average person from ages spreads over two hours on the computer each day!
it is this determination which moves him from ghost town to ghost town and keeps the story moving.
for example, when he hit the ghost town, he just laughed.
lastly his mood towards his friends is that he treats them and considers them as his family.
there are special places for porn such as the internet.
secondly, many kids and teens are attached to their laptop, and bring it everywhere with them.
when your are outside you see that playing is much better than just pressing buttons and clicking everywhere.
playing free online games with your friends.
without a doubt people should still use computers are helpful in many ways.
to sum things up computers are a to citizens and cause them to drive out family and friends.
again shows the love towards his friends in the beginning of paragraph .
in the past, books have been censured by rulers and leaders who thought that the material was harmful.
this time the cyclist says yes, sir!
thank you for accepting my .
as i said at the beginning, i like mystery books.
so when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer.
yes, at first it would be vulgar but the government would then have the right to teach about sex and drugs in school.
well it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and hero of the story a bad role model.
by meeting new people you have more connections in your life and more people to trust.
many of the settings features affect the cyclist.
that pop music would make the kid happy.
only then will they defend their countries so they can preserve freedom.
i think that it is a happy mood because of the way he talks about his neighbors.
this way anyone who is under the age limit will not be able to get the material.
by everything i have said the mood throughout the memoir was happy, kind, caring and many moods similar to those.
allows you to type up anything you want for school.
some movies are okay to watch with your kids as long as its not over .
it was also packed.
the material that is offensive should not be on the shelves for children sake.
the hot and dry conditions made the cyclists hardest obstacle to be staying hydrated.
it has very tall legs and a long neck.
so, they just agreed to look past them and ignore what is there if it offends them for the people who do not find them offensive.
when children go to a library usually they will not do so alone.
this is due to their intelligent reading levels.
this is why we have a little bit of everything in our libraries.
taking away the books students and young adults are interested in is one of the many growing problems contributing to people not wanting to read.
it is also needed for simple every day tasks around the house.
she says, i will take that test again.
when you exercise you have tons of energy to anything.
so why do they keep releasing and publishing books if it offends certain groups?
this game is also free online for anyone to use.
the second most important mood was loving.
also if you had to look up a person for a school project.
in history many things are considered offensive.
if a teacher gives this book to a grader they would not understand the full potential it hold for the learning of it.
on a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to tickets would have the exact same thing.
we as individuals have different views on many things.
so, you want to have your news be the latest divorces and computer game high scores?
no one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect.
he works for a - famous company and has to go to a meeting with the big boss is .
an author who writes a story that involves sex is not trying to extend their writing and thoughts to second graders.
some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but i for one disagree with that statement.
i went home and thank my parents for all the support.
these children eat because they have nothing better to do.
however, the public needs to be educated on the cultures of different people.
the censorship start out as a small intervention, but it could turn our nation upside down.
one of the many times i went to the library i was looking for a book i had read before but i could not find it.
i was so happy cause when she moved i thought i would never talk to her again.
this can get many kids in trouble if they are not careful on these websites.
why spend hundreds or on a tool that is not even necessary?
not everyone in the world today is going to agree on whats offensive and whats not.
is the bitter.
she really likes the hibiscus and when the hibiscus goes back to life in the spring, she will have new energy to take the test again.
so you can never trust a computer.
it gives her hope that she will be able to pass that test again.
also, it is a desert, so it is very hot and dry.
it dose not really mater to me, we all have the wright to are one likes and dislikes.
how can it?
ten this essay, old men give the cyclist direction, and instead of using a map, he takes their advice.
taking away movies and books, is to not allow people to learn from their past.
libraries should have the right to have any kind of text, movie, magazine, or genre of music that is desired for a student to learn from.
for example we can talk to friends on line.
and the people who read them books are going to be upset that you took the books off the shelves.
to start on with, technology has a role in the increasing rate of obesity.
in conclusion the excerpt shows that the author can put both cultures together and be happy.
always be aware of what your getting your self into and know the outcome of the decisions you make.
the computer through keep you in touch.
my first reason being socialization.
another example is that overtime the strain build up and up to the where even with glasses you can hardly see.
the setting plays a large role in the story.
the mood the author created was gratefulness.
instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information you can use a simple computer to do the job.
the rice plant belongs to the grass family.
this gives me the feeling of thankfulness and to really admire what my parents have done for me.
their mother keeps on shouting with them.
this is how happiness, gratefulness, and unity created a mood in this memoir.
is some people that think woman are just slaves, that is dead wrong.
computers are breaking up families, and friends.
how people do you know that met someone or has a friend on the computer?
such as taking a walk and enjoying nature?
after realizing that memories are whats important and seeing that flowers determination to survive a cold winter, she develops the determination to take the test again.
after passing this road he approaches a picture of a boy drinking juice that is posted on a juice factory.
you can easily just text her from the computer.
i believe in both in a way.
the cyclist is alone and there is nothing in sight.
i am not here to say that we should band any materials that are offensives because everything is offensive to somebody.
in this book, the population is forbidden from having any kind of book.
the author concludes her story with this statement for many reasons.
so she wanted to take it again, around the time of a new beginning; when the geese fly over again and the plant grows.
talking to family and friends without spending money.
if they would only have one type of book, not many people would want go the the .
say that you need to research the periodic table and write down facts as well as all the elements.
if to some people some information is offensive, to others it might not.
this leads to anger problems then they stop listening to you.
however, he found out that there was still people around.
click turn off your computers and get out of your chair.
this shows the culture lurking and dancing through his house of his childhood.
being in a library there are lots of choices to see and check out.
so whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online!
the simplest solution would be to simply make it so the only people to view these books would want or need to go view them.
if i am at the i will always look for a book interest me.
the scarcity of buildings in this dry desert terrain causes the cyclist to try every shack or building he comes across for water.
he often told them of his admiration for their strength and perseverance, and he thanked them repeatedly.
having a good and positive attitude you should see the brighter side of things.
when people get so involved with something, its hard to back away.
the book was very well written and just had a few bad words.
the dangers of riding when the weather conditions are bad will make the cyclist second guest: riding or not.
younger students' libraries should be monitored even more carefully.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the people that support advances in technology.
maybe your son listens to rap or rock music that condones the use of violence, drug, and alcohol use.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because sometimes, it made him lose some courage and optimism.
trees are very useful to man.
this is just ridiculous.
the final way the author creates a mood is during the last sentence of the memoir.
some find it to be offensive, though.
please let people be who they want to be!
finally it allows people to talk online with other people.
for example, many books talk about drugs and smoking.
next is the hills.
i do not think so.
some people like that theme of the book or the story it has to it.
memories, promise, and life help explain why the author conclude the story with this paragraph.
computers is a good benefit for people.
if something was removed from the shelf at a library, because someone found it offensive, i would be disturbed.
computers will bring nothing but grief to humanity.
i, on the other hand, think otherwise.
however the effects it has on people can be bad.
computers are an amazing benefit to society.
dear local newspaper, i am writing this letter to you to show on how people get effected from computers.
the peacock is a very beautiful bird.
it can lead to all three because those are the effects of being on a computer every of the day.
i think that creates a very calming are caring mood.
use his left hand, as other children do.
anywhere in the world?
my reason is you never know what could happen on the computer.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show strength and encouragement.
they should not be forced to read only the things that are selected by another person.
at this point she has an epiphany, and realizes that life is like seasons.
however, there is a reason that book is still talked about today.
there are a lot of people that feel it is not appropriate enough to be taught in school.
on the computer accomplishing absolutely nothing.
the setting of a story is the background, place, and time the story took place.
it would really offend them!
is it understandable to have some books restricted to people because of their age?
these so called computers are causing this why, look over there.
in conclusion, computers have negative effects that get to all people.
you get large phone bills just for a two minute long distance call?
those words are what fired us up to become an independent country.
from out of our libraries for being offensive, where would we draw the line between offensive and not?
it benefits society, and i enjoy every bit of using it.
these encounters create an interesting meal.
dear newspaper, do you feel about computers?
with a computer you can also learn about places all over the and the world.
should be removed from public shelves, because they can offend many people
these people tend to not go outside at all and stay home.
but then he got his computer.
a slanging match started.
the offensive things should be taken off the shelves.
i hated seeing my friend like this, but mostly i hated how i watched it happen.
let them do what they want to
now what will you why you that side.
i never knew that a computer could do a video chat from so far away i was surprised.
all over the world young kids, young adults, and adults are reading books, magazines, listening to music, and watching movies.
the water was really not and it tasted like battery acid.
society is a whole lot different then when parents were kids.
most of these kids now a days read books because they watch the movie to the story.
i say happy because they had family to be with, and other friends to help them if anything.
it can tell you about crimes that are happening.
sure you can see pictures of nature on the internet, but!
but some policemen are very honest and polite.
they continue to keep people informed of recent and also past events.
i hope you liked my opinion about computers, remember, they are useful to some people, but not all.
for the most part though books are not all that offensive at least none of the books i read.
we have a right to these books just like the people who write them have a right to do so.
religious beliefs are important would you not agree?
some material be inappropriate for younger readers.
he starts out good, then comes to a rough road and he even says sometimes life can feel so cruel.
thousands of professions require the limitless knowledge of the internet, and computers continue to advance and redefine our way of living.
if the book is based on true events nothing should be censored.
how times have you seen those harmony commercial that claim to have brought two singles together to make a happy couple?
for example, education has vastly expanded since the computer.
i can honestly say, i was supposed to choose one.
computers and webcams can allow you to talk to friends who have moved away or for relatives.
this would help students with reports, along with any other person who is trying to find some extra information they might not know about a topic.
she sees a familiar plant, and so she purchases it for nineteen dollars because it cheers her up ???
these books are extremely good.
i think it was happy because it says he loved to cook and he thanked his parents for teaching him to cook.
music is offensive but like i said only found in the adult area.
are you ever sitting home with nothing to do?
even for the books that are unrealistic they are also made for a reason and should be allowed to have their place in the library.
also the cyclist was lost because of the old men directions that got him know where because there directions were out of date.
they could help by giving the people choices of what is right and what is wrong.
the ending almost repeats this line.
such as magazines, books, movies, and even music.
when they are not busy they should go upstairs and check and see if there are any young children up there.
if a child sees a magazine containing pornography, the child will think that this material is acceptable.
i know i would not.
many people can be smeared on the internet as well.
so, the settings around the cyclist affected him in different ways.
the mood of this memoir is happiness.
being in shape, talking to people in real life and activities your town offers is the way to go.
we should keep movies, there is no doubt in my mind.
another reason for why computers are beneficial is that they allow you to talk online.
the choice is yours.
familiar with is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers.
that is better for their health.
my point of view on this topic is simple.
all throughout the memoir, he talked about how his parents love of him had them leave their countries and come to the us.
that is my final reason of the bad effects a computer has.
if a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there.
i have a uncle that lives in .
also you can use excel to manage your finances!
at the same time i believe there are ways to limit the times where people would be offended by something.
she goes out and buys a hibiscus plant for well over what she what she should have paid for it.
going to the library is always a struggle when someone is faced with so many different genres of books.
another thing is he sounds sad cause he is thinking about memories.
on a rainy day, students will spend time on their computers.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
i strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential.
can only learn so much from a world history textbook.
this showed how it affected him because he thought he is going to drop from the heat.
another way that computer provide entertainment is they let us listen to music.
because this program we are able to stay in touch.
the is a published work, whether it is religious or not.
there is a thick line if a certain type of material in a library is offensive or not.
secondly you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in a different country or in a different state.
she i nostalgic for her past and when she sees the plant it gives her a sense of comfort like she is home.
all in all, material in libraries can be offensive to some people.
i know my aunts do.
the world of music has evolved so much over the past decades of time.
increasing interest in a monitor tends to result in decreasing care for exercise as well as a decline in the amount of exercise gotten each day.
they made a simple little house into a great home for everyone.
one reasons for this could be that a person spends all their time on their computer instead of spending time with their family and friends.
it is understandable to have a little tone in the with some knowledge within the eyes in a book.
lastly, worry about your family, grades, and health than some useless game.
if people really understood what that quote really means then they would have a better understanding of what books actually mean in life.
if people stopped to think about it, they would realize that offensive material has already been bought by others.
there are also websites where you can talk and connect with other people who share the same interests as you.
censoring books could take away from learning.
where would we get all of our information from?
censorship is editing or just plain getting rid of.
i would have, by that time been exasperated and brushed them away.
i think the libraries need to stay the way they are and leave things the way they have had them for different reasons.
there is a great rush at the booking windows.
computers are a resourceful tool that they can help people in every different aspect of life.
in the final paragraph the winter shows represent hard times in the past, while the spring represents a more optimistic future, and a new beginning.
but sometimes computer are bad because when people go on web sites to chat peoples can be grown ups but talking to little kids.
also, the mood is grateful.
the internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects.
i remember the time my cousin came over and we went to the park.
without books there would be no real sort of entertainment.
these factors greatly effected the cyclist.
putting it at the beginning would not give the same effect.
especially, when that person could just ignore the book and pay no attention to it.
before he knew it, he was in debt.
that is why people use computer for research.
not every family can have the satisfaction of sharing and giving to others.
books should be the same way.
from my observations with my little brother, my mother chose to let him play inappropriate video games.
finally when you go on your computer you can go online and talk with your family and friends.
everyone has their own opinion about certain things in life.
no i do not think that some of these materials should be removed.
this sentence shows that the home is very loving and warm.
so if they have a computer they are able to do things play some games or can watch some videos to pass the time.
not to mention, too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active.
i think should be a matter of choice, like choosing which outfit you want to wear in the .
then, at the same time, an women goes into the same library and gets a book on why women are better than men.
finally, computers are a resource when researching for projects, reports, homework, or anything else that requires information to complete.
now for getting rid of stuff in our library that can be offensive.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to let the reader compare the girl to the geese and the hibiscus.
i come back home and finish my lessons.
if everyone could pull off a book or magazine, etc then there would be no books left.
they should jump at the chance if it comes to a point where they can change things for the better!
that my give you a virus.
it makes things that would other wise take lots of time very quick, giving people the chance to do other things such as playing outside.
we ate apples and sweets.
what we do, believe in, or think is what makes us ourselves.
soon the moon was shining brightly.
when it comes to computer they have saved many people life.
people seem to be trying to shield the world from thing like swear words.
i would help develop the all-round personality of all the students.
the next reason is that it could cause rate of the materials to go down.
my first reason is that computers let you learn about different places and people around the world.
baby sitters need to do their homework.
more jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news, and teaching.
therefore some people hunt them to get their feathers.
for example, some are still upset over slavery, and that happened over a .
also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer.
the computer makes getting research for school or work substantially easier.
and to that i agree entirely.
if you check something out of the library and you lose it you will have to pay for it.
the mood of the is happy.
people ask, ' much should be censored?'
the mood created by the author in the memoir is emotional.
some materials could be seen as offensive to some people.
as you have now seen, my handwriting is not so great, so i end up typing a lot of my homework because of it.
to bring magic in you include carrot, onions, garlic and plenty of leafy vegetables in your diet.
they also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled.
people can get pretty crazy on what they do and how they do it.
if you have messy handwriting and its getting harder and harder for your teacher to read then you can just learn how to type it up on the computer.
the cyclist took his advice, he thought that he would be there really soon so he start to drink his water really fast.
many people struggle with the fact that there are items in the library that are offensive to religion, have offensive language in them, or contain adult materials.
this can lead to bad things, like being stalked or kidnapped.
kids and adults go outside and have fun.
students can use a computer to do a research paper for lets say history.
teachers, principals, business men, and even children deserve the right to reading what they like.
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
this can educate others in to knowing that if you do this then this is the result, good or bad.
up, , , to school, get home, .
there are the reasons for why i believe you should go for the cause of computers.
but these people are the people who are unfriendly, mean and sad.
when a kids starts to hate his or her work.
knowing you have people who are like family is incredible.
the airplane started flying down.
now imagine what that does to your body.
should people have the right to take down other people ideas?
you think of some of the worst books out there, who would want to read those anyway.
also explains how grateful was to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
people read for enjoyment and knowledge.
being able to contact people has never been easier.
people are different, therefore we like different types of things.
they could be apart for months or even years.
if everyone had the right to completely remove one piece of work that displeases them, then no works would remain.
put books and movies together, books and movies together, books and movies together, and so on.
not something that you are going to want to explain to your child.
being on the computer can even effect your social life.
the features of the setting have a major affect on the cyclist.
there were bumps along his ride, and the sun beating down his thirst, he became less courageous and less optimistic.
all books and other arts were created to be read and enjoyed by people.
if a has an explicit label on it, you should have to be eighteen to check it out.
true people exercise every day.
she talks about how her parents helped others of their kind which made her what she is today.
in the story this girl has now moved to this totally new environment and new culture.
this heat of the desert climate seems to start have an effect on him about after he reaches the first town.
local newspaper please consider my opinion, i feel that computers benefit are society.
he chose a path the old men said would have a town nearly eighteen miles down the road.
furthermore, on the computer you and all you clients can hold a conference call.
in a recent study the amount of families with computers is now out of compared to the out of in .
scary movies can give children nightmares.
those people now rudely look down on them.
fer example in , he talks about the sacrifices his parents made to give their children a better life.
but with strong determination, he rods on.
to sum this all up i would like to tell you local news paper that you should agree that computers are a good thing for the society!
in fact, a familiar story tells the unfortunate fare of one local girl, who unknowingly chatted with an online stranger.
soon he is out of water and very tired and he believes he will die soon.
an example is the death of and how he caused the deaths of many on eleventh.
this really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling.
from my data that i have collected, computers are both somewhat good, and bad.
the computer makes us use these muscles so we can live happily.
the place was crowded.
computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home.
i used to think that talking with someone.
the is a place were you can come and whine your day down.
this later resulted in him becoming dehydrated.
if a child has a project for school, they either use the computers or asks their parents.
the flower represents her.
the major mood in the memoir is honesty and truthfulness.
i know that most people in was spend all the time with there family.
there are many more reasons libraries' content should not be censored, but here are three reasons that are obvious.
have you wanted to go to ?
there is not a point to it.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structures of any kind.
some people might not agree with me.
dear newspaper, i read an article in the newspaper that said how people on their computers is a benefit and could be a bad habit.
in present day, most people live on the computer.
that should prove that computers are very help full.
books are suppose to be about learning.
i was happy with my choice as i checked it out.
due to this, computers are , without a doubt, beneficial to society.
go and talk to them in real life.
disagree with me that is alright but, have you ever stopped to think about issues like this?
she is using this time now to prepare for the next time she is going to take the driving test.
but when it comes to usage of computers is helpful for searching information.
if people want to read a certain magazine or book that offends a large sum of people, then they should go somewhere besides a library to find it.
work is worship.
yes, you would do this in a social studies look buts is much easier and faster online.
there are bigger more advanced computers that scientist use every day.
then there is the man much torture.
he creates a setting that many people can relate to because of the general feel of family and heritage.
if a movie is making fun of your race, it hurts.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because of how hot it is, how big the hill is and the shortage of cold water.
the fact that if he stops at all, ever, then a snake could easily bite him and that would be the end of it.
this also, with focus, and people with better focus excel in school, work and their social lives.
computers educate people about places all over the world.
therefore, i strongly believe that computers are great for people and do benefit the society.
we want them to be apart of our big events.
in libraries, is censorship truly needed?
that was the mood i felt created by the author in the memoir.
she let herself by the flower and remember her home.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy, delightful, unique.
another reason, kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades.
her gentle grandmother?
i found it very easily because i knew where it should have been and what it looks like.
my name is .
also, people miss out on other outdoor activities as well.
initially, when the cyclist went through the road with the big snake in the middle of it made him keep cations and very unease.
that way you are happy and so is everyone else.
the hills also put a damper on his spirits, which made him have to muster a lot of inner strength and determination to keep going.
now days, everything is offensive to somebody.
& because a good friend to everybody else.
should we, as people,as normal citizens, really decide what others are able to read?
that is his or her own personal opinion, and what i believe should not keep him or her from learning about the things they would like to.
the park was converted into a fairy-land.
different perspectives come from different people: young, old, parents, and children.
its just the culture you grew up in and of mind you are in that current time and place.
the terrain had made him drenched in sweat.
my last opinion is if we have computer.
this shows her family is kind and loving.
why should we care if there is censorship at all?
these are real time.
on the internet you can learn about anything and everything.
it is not a time to offend and be offended but a time to learn and move on
the sun is beating down on him and is making it harder for him to reach his destination.
a student write a research paper on the effects a certain drug has on an individual.
are you a kid who spends to hours at a time on the computer?
in fact, i believe that doing so would create more problems for people.
if their child were to checkout something that is restricted on the list, the librarian would tell them to put the book back and pick another book.
that is how computers are good.
some parents should at least give an hour a day to say he game.
this is something that needs to stop because it imports peoples health, safety and education.
you can sense throughout the whole story that he is completely grateful to his parents for the love they gave him, and their home life.
or people you can see computers let you find the information you the time has that computers without or keeping people away from family
any way a computer is used has the potential to have a positive effect on someone.
some thing you can to get them to go out side with you is take the computer away for a week and have fun with your child.
this is a great advancement in our society!
for the people who do pleasure reading they most of the time stick to only one type of genre.
our state does put in each year for our parks just so we can ignore them.
one theme of the story is to never give up.
people live in all parts of the world, and those that are lucky get to meet a lot of people from different places in the country.
studies show that people find the internet easy to use, and quicker than any method.
computers have a very good effect on people.
you get your information from books, and encyclopedias but it is rare that you always have time, to get to a local library.
the theme of this story could be seen things discourage you.
the snake in the story made the journey for this guy perilous and deadly.
once people are allowed to censure books or other media, they would look for words with negative connotations.
it had the word in there a lot.
people are having less, and less human interactions as computers become more popular.
when i was in sixth grade, i was in a foster home that i hated.
these news engines keep people updates on major news events.
it was during class that we visited the library to look at various books.
our founding fathers wrote out one of the documents establishing this trend on the prompting of the general public.
this time the cyclist is enjoying his trip and is in a positive mood.
older teenagers and young adults would be able to get their homework or projects accomplished without having all the distractions of the offensive materials.
also, you are pushing your loved ones away by being on .
now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money.
the author said that he would never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things he learned there about how to love.
also, i think that anything citizens find offending should be hidden in some sort of area in a store or library.
kids are let onto computers every day and they wonder to the websites that the internet has to offer.
these children are exploring the literature world to learn and grow.
what i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something.
thinks that the same book that hated is a great book.
as you can see everyone is different especially when it comes to these things.
others believe that freedom of speech is a universal right that should extend to any and all forms of human expression.
eventually, he had relief of the cold water helps to bring up his spirits & sense of humor
with computers everything is easier.
also is an easy and effective way booking where the tourist shall stay.
i inferred that the author was alone in the desert with awful conditions.
and there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking away these books would be a crushing blow to those statistics.
lastly, computers help people receive news about what is happening around the world.
welcome to the .
leaders of a library have many different sections in their library.
the most important reason why computers have a bad effect on people is that the time they spend on the computer they could be exercising to stay healthy.
with the most common themes of sex, drugs, and money, it seem offensive to some citizens, but others just shrug it off as a normalcy.
they have kids, fiction, informational, and many more.
if they took down stuff that was offensive then we would have nothing interesting to read.
my aunt gave me and album of stamps on my birthday.
if your not yet a resent scientific study reported that six hours on the computer per day one week can your vision from a to .
you just got to know how to avoid it.
adults sometimes have chats for their work to talk with their fellow workers.
with an understanding of these basic freedoms, one would think that censorship is against the law considering it is one of the five basic freedoms granted to citizens.
just to have a chance at a new and better life.
their are many features that affected the cyclist.
leaving the readers to formulate their own decisions about what they believe.
it gives you an understanding of how people use to live.
then as he realizes that he might have enough water his attitude changes.
in the kitchen was the backdrop to life in their home.
a perfect example of those items are historical documentaries or historical books they have no other way to get the information needed across to the reader or viewer.
when the reminders of home come and give her strength, she will have the power to take the test.
but, most of all, there are so many cool things you can do on a computer.
people hear cuss words probably everyday, whether its at school or home.
later on that boy was caught and punished.
first being that there will always be something offensive to someone no matter what it or not be.
computer are like a giant resource of information.
this is great for moms who want to get a degree but have to stay home with their children.
this was bad for the cyclist who was running low on water because he had been hitting (his) water bottles pretty regularly.
there are o lot of people in the world after all.
also if your to busy to go to collage or want to take another class there are even schools online.
another reason is because of the poisonous snakes if he disturbed them they could harm him.
without them, would make a difference.
hand and eye coordination is an important thing that helps us everyday.
on the other hand, some people say that computers are bad.
dear , having everything known to man at your fingertips.
i have gone on excursions to almost all nearby hill stations and health resorts.
the invention of computers is the single most important event of the .
on the internet course!
that you do.
as you can see computers rule.
now do you want that to happen to the world?
this lets me know that he does view his house as a home and that means he is happy.
some very adults have and various other things that i cannot the life of me think of thing computer get them together and they are happy.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
the growing mind and body needs to move and exercise.
music is an even larger gateway to mental damage then movies are.
a few days after price siddartha’s queen mahamaya died.
if the human body overheats, it becomes sick and unable to properly function.
what kids read is shaping their minds for their future.
some books have more adult themes or references to certain subjects which most adults find inappropriate for readers of certain ages.
do you want that?
also if a person finds that information, they were most likely looking for it.
none of the situations in the story in were negative.
as you can see, computers are extremely educational.
that leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep on eye on the clock.
the final benefit of a computer is the fact you can know about world news in a flash.
secondly, everyone would agree that friends are essential in life.
books should not be taken off the shelves in a at any rate and movies should be looked at in the same manner.
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
they are things we must learn about, so we do not repeat them.
censorship is like a modern day .
war books should not be censored because they need to let the reader know how war really is and its not a great place to be.
kids have a lot of energy, and they need to do something productive, not play computer games and talk to their friends.
when i was taking fruit and enjoying dancing, i suddenly woke up.
there are movies that will have some sort of sexual reference, a cigarette, or a bad word in them.
can you imagine the high bills you would get?
they mostly have kid movies not bad ones.
get outside, watch the big game with all your buddies.
censorship in libraries is not as needed as most people think.
we thank god when he leaves.
their families love turned the house into the home he loves.
now can not type out, and still do all his other homework.
communication is one of the main reasons people use computers.
the author has this as the final paragraph because it shows hope.
in my opinion, i think that people should not spend so much time on the computer for several reasons.
he is my class fellow.
a lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law.
this indirectly teaches us how we should not treat women today.
that could be taken as brainwashing!
computers can be a success to some people.
you have to expect that from kids now a days.
he hurries to the building only to find out that it is an abandoned, rundown factory.
but why stop there?
but people need to get out more.
many people work long times and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time away from interacting with others, and that should be more important.
these are just some of the many ways computers are helpful.
he plows the fields.
when a student has to write a report and he has bad handwriting he can just type it up and print it.
dear , technology has made great improvements in the past years.
truth is, there will always be people who disagree on subject, but that is just the way things are.
even with the offensive material books, movies, magazines, and music can still be good to some people and bad to others.
the mood is portrayed as happy and thankful about the lessons his parents taught.
most importantly, you can have fun.
its now or never!
he should have packed an extra bottle of water.
even today some people in some parts of the world worship the sun as a god.
in the us people have the right to expressed their beliefs and feelings on any type of topic that is brought up.
if not, why was it made?
there is a mood of love too.
authors have the right to put profane language in their books, and even dirty ideas.
it has to start somewhere, every little start causes for a great ending.
one reason offensive material should be removed from libraries is because it can lead to violence in teenagers.
people can make there own decision of what they want to listen, watch, or read.
if you have to look up a new country, look at far away colleges or find out about the world, why not visit your handy computer?
the setting also reads the main character to his resolution of the conflict.
dear local newspaper, i am here to tell you the negative effect on people because of computer usage.
almost everyone has a email now.
where it starts to add up.
these days, so many things offend so many people, in so many different ways.
there is concern about how much paper we lose every year.
who would want to go to a library with all the same books?
the victim will get tired of being teased or talked about.
we should be responsible enough to pick out the material for ourselves.
a couple miles later he came to a highway sign that read rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
books that are found offensive are really bad for you to read.
it is the parents' job to regulate the readings of their children ,but they do not need to regulate the contents of the bookshelf
who would determine if something is offensive or not and to whom it offends?
not two miles into this next reaction of ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
computers and laptops should be network disconnected to make people get off their feet and do something helpful or brain building.
if you found a book in your public library offensive, would you want that book removed from your sight and public view?
even though people think it take time from exercising and interacting with people it not really time.
dear newspaper, have you ever wanted to see your that lives across the country?
if something is to be found offensive, than it should certainly be removed from the shelves.
do you ever miss your family that lives in other states?
having great coordination would mean that person would exceed past anybody who do not use computers.
however, computers also provide surfaces for those with medical needs.
talking to people from around the world can be interesting.
they have to stay within their appropriate rated material selection.
why go out with friends when you can talk to them online?
then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page.
so who would have negative effects of the computer.
please , we need to help the people by writing an article in the paper to warn them of the terrible effects computers have.
people need computers to do research.
the removal of the potentially offensive material would not be any help.
for instance they are entertaining, they have communication, and they help make designs.
all that is a computer.
the books should be divided so that children have their own section of the library and adults have their own section as well.
also, typing on the computer teaches us hand eye coordination that can help us with other things.
you do not know who could get their hands on that movie, book, or article.
no, not all books have to be fiction if they are offensive.
the book enclosed many horrible acts against black people.
people are different in many ways.
i know that i would.
one of my favorite sports is softball.
it has a stone building.
not traveling outdoors deprives our body an important .
magazines are a great tool to advertise and talk about some major topics happening around the world.
these conditions directly affect the cyclist.
most reading teacher will have you read a book and then type a essay or a review about your book.
the one component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication.
but shell be more prepared.
do you think books, music, movies or anything else that could have something offensive be removed from the shelves from our libraries?
it effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology.
if does work men went them to do.
you should not ban books because we have the freedom of press, and because we have the freedom as individuals to read what we want.
in my opinion people can also learn from computers.
some people think computers are bad because some people spend too much time on their computers.
also communication with people online can be dangerous because the person who you are messaging might not be who they say they are.
father took immediate action.
webcams allow people to talk face to face up close about the new gym they joined.
he is a kind and humble man.
then once he picks up that book and sees that its mentioned in the book it wont be that big of a shock to him or his parents.
not just one genre a person wants.
chatting can also help you like if there is an emergency.
we are living in .
all these things are comfort for some people.
to get the recommended dose of a day you only need to absorb minutes of sunlight a day.
the things they cannot read are censored.
they are useful because they tell us about the world.
so as you can see computers have many wonderful effects on people.
that is a way to make someone offended and angry at a book.
as he is riding, he comes across some hills.
being a cyclist is not as easy as it sounds.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist very much.
that really improves your coordination.
so you imagine a world controlled by computers?
this conclusion helps the reader understand what reminds her of home.
computers can cause safety issues.
it is just like text messaging, only through computers.
this shows that even though she has failed she will not give up and she will try again.
the main character says, the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
clearly, censorship in libraries is dangerous and unpredictable.
having magazines shows whats new in the world and what is not.
some people are assigned projects for either their job or for school work.
therefore, if the setting had taken place in a cooler setting with lots of people, the cyclist would have found water.
and i am right!!
we all learn something everyday and with the computer, we can make it kind.
thank you for reading my paper.
the computer also help you fine the history or book online so you can do your homework or project.
dear of the , computers are a wonderful tool and they bear many positive impacts on society first, computers have created numerous forms of communication.
one of the best things about computers is that you can find various amounts of information.
if we just get off our computers and get out, we can turn that around.
computers give kids so much knowledge about things they would not be able to do or go in real life.
the computer supplies the user or student with a wide variety of information.
secondly, people think that it teaches hand eye coordination but so sports.
i know my self, and i love to shop!
as you can see there are many advantages as well as disadvantages.
all of this hard work can cause heatstroke & kill him.
who can erase the horrifying stories of abduction from their memories?
he easily passes the snake and moves on.
many people have been inspired by certain books that throughout history have been controversial.
yeah its fun to go look up things for your entertainment.
people need to understand that children are going to have to get their education not only from their teachers,but through these tools.
as you can see the setting was an area with no people, and it was very hot.
everyone deserves to be heard.
this also leads to higher crime rate, believe it or not.
he talked about his culture and how the heart of his home is his kitchen.
she did that because of a made up story her mother checked out at a library.
here, his hope returns as he finds a rather modern bathroom where he can stop to get a drink.
once you have mastered the computer it feels like you can do almost anything on it.
my first reason is that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily.
we can do any activities with our family, exercise for our health, go picnic with friends or we have fun go on vacation with the whole family.
media that used to only be found on the shelves is now displayed online, which can never be permanently removed from public view.
for example, most schools have their students use computers for research.
it is not illegal to have certain types of music, books, movies, etc inside a library.
i think having books banned a not wise thing to do, because it just makes kids want to hear the word more than usual.
computers are a big part of my life and i still have time to do other things with my family, and friends.
they are utilizing their free speech by means of press.
lastly, all books make people more intelligent.
on the news, there has been reports about children being influenced to have a gun and hang themselves, etc.
now it is much easier, because keywords are matched.
but even if they stop putting songs on the radio there is still internet out there and people can just get there songs from there.
i will now get into more detail on these three topics.
first, it was hot.
i somewhat agree with her; however, i do believe there should be rules on where books are located.
in the essay the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
i believe it is our right to read and publish what we want.
i mean you could learn about faraway places with out going there, but then what would be the fun of that.
learning about different cultures would be another issue if books and movies were depleted.
when she buys the hibiscus plant, she remembers her old home and all the wonderful memories she has of it.
must chose to go on or rather than opening their books.
for me i only go on the computer for like twenty minutes then log and go back online later on in the day.
as the cyclist prepares to retire for the day, he takes particular note of the serenity of an early summer evening, and ends the day feeling calm.
i remember making a with my best friend back when we were in grade.
a very popular game is the .
for example, if you have something really big to say to someone you might want to write on email.
for example, the search engine, , is an easy to use website that can be very helpful.
as said above, libraries need to remove all content that has potential to be exposed to children and destroy their innocent minds.
computers can be good, but not for everything in your life.
well, for an example, you had to do a project on .
besides, most music and books are meant to entertain, not offend.
the reason why i think it is good is because you can contact someone that you know and talk to them whenever you want.
no, you are not wrong because there are many people who think that some books should be taken off of the shelves of there local libraries.
like for instance if there was a missing child we know the description, so we could help find him or her.
being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes.
how would i get along with these students?
books about scary vampires and werewolves are being published.
a important ability that computers have is they are able to teach you about far away places depending on were you live.
in the memoir the mood created by the author i think was more of a serious, informative, and uplifting mood.
() shows how her attitude changes from cynical to hopeful.
lastly, there are so many things in the world that could be offensive to other people besides a book.
it goes on to tell how he is dehydrated in worn out.
there is the fact that you can contact someone halfway around the globe just with your .
the librarian directed me to there new best seller and said addressed it and said it was as hard to put down as a lollipop.
all of which make the qualities of a good family life.
if the material is offensive to someone they can report it but the people that work at the library might not do anything about it.
there is over a million websites to go to.
i myself would think that teenagers above the age of would understand the meaning of being mature.
this is a very opinionated topic.
he grows food crops.
an example of the vastness of the park was when he quote, about forty miles into the pedal, i arrived at the first town.
no book should be taken off a shelf for its content.
computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient person to doing school projects.
other poets of nature who have impressed me most are keats, robinson.
that quote was said by , a former student of .
for example, think about how many people could be employed if a new computer system was created.
hospitality is one of the best qualities you need to make a house a home and the author really stretches that.
i would give more importance to co-curricular activities.
do you think is going to prevent people from getting offended?
if someone wants to read it i think they have right to because it is their own choice.
this family cannot afford this computers but they think that they need one.
computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis.
my first reason, is that important people around the world used computers to have a better future on life.
do you know anyone in the world that can say the computer is not fun.
after finding a place to get a drink he stated i had an overwhelming and buy some bait showing his deep gratitude and relief of finding water.
you can break this paragraph down to mean many different things.
he pedals great distances trying to find towns nearby.
if people are against , they need to worry about themselves and just leave alone.
some religions believe that some types of music is the devils music.
every person that goes to a library should have the right to educate themselves on others' religions.
one reason is you can book places that you want to go or the sights you want to see.
censorship in libraries in my opinion is a good thing.
the is unsafe and pointless.
dear local newspaper, are so many people that addicted to computers.
this shows that someone is hurt by what has happened, amplifying the story.
you can slide in a and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it.
this essay is to describe my opinion on if certain materials that can be offensive, should be removed from shelves in libraries.
hospitals organize all records digitally to help give the right treatments patients.
what are they doing on the computer you ask; well lets, find out.
there are ups and downs either way it goes.
books that are found offensive are more interesting than just plain boring books.
for example, in my life i use my to video chat with my sister, , who is a freshman at college in .
this movie was a total disgrace to this library it had nudity, foul language, and lots of violence.
if that was my stuff that had got took off the shelves i would be shocked and upset.
it be offensive to you but to another person it not be.
but people making it more addicting by creating things such as never ending games and its distracting people from there life, family, work and exercise.
to remove a book from its natural and rightful place on a shelf is to set its words aflame.
a whopping amount of use the computer for work.
do you know where your family comes from?
libraries should remove this material from their shelves.
not every writer is going to want to write about butterflies and rainbows.
whatever you do just get off your computer and go outside or the gym for exercise!
for example, say there was a historical fiction book about racism.
using computers can help enrich peoples minds.
this is great on a boring day when you have nothing else to do.
dear , you think computers are bad for society.
the budding of plant and spring represent new life.
and i believe other students would agree with me, better to type the essay than to write it!
for example, he listened to the old men who gave him wrong directions to where he wanted to go.
censorship in libraries the library presents to the community many different things for entertainment.
historic material such as diaries and accounts of events should be held at federal libraries.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
still, censoring age specific materials is necessary in libraries.
our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, !
i asked him what he thought of his job.
for example, my grandma and grandpa both live in .
some teenagers listen to bad music with cursing, vulgar language, and much more.
maybe, even changed your minds or gave you a different way of thinking about computers.
not everyone agrees with that.
the made the majority of the people and were not very smart people.
this energy, loss coupled with the cyclist lack of water causes him to become even more miserable.
since people spend too much time on the computer, the exercise less and less.
this story is giving thanks to his parents and his culture.
computers are the center of technology.
computers can take away your social life and you never do go out and meet people and friends.
if the sun does not rice we
for example, a friend of mine is on the computer quite often, and has developed a weak immune system.
also, chat rooms on the computer can help friends always keep in touch.
it has been bought to mind that people fight about computers to a doubt i think that computers have a positive on people.
she has seen the familiar plant on her way home as she went to a florist shop to try to buy one.
someone else might want to read it.
first, computer let learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms.
also your computer might not be working all the time, but your family and friends always will be there.
spending all your time glued to a computer screen will only increase your chances of becoming over weight.
of the time the classic banned books were written some time in the , or the .
people gets bullied, and it has on effect on your schoolwork.
struggling financially and personally.
computers are taking over our life.
for instance had an extreme censorship policy when he was burning all of those books.
they are electronic, which means no paper.
if few people disapprove of a particular material, the book remains in most shelves uncensored.
i agree with the effects computer haves on people, because one it allows us to access information, two it allows us to interact with people.
this shows how grateful he is to his parents.
i do we could also send much other pictures, music and lot more.
would you rather talk on the phone or computer.
but more importantly, this would be the job of the parents to monitor what their kids are reading, watching, or listening to.
this are my three ideas to the news paper article.
with all these things considered, banning books from a library hardly seems to be the best course of action.
the settings elements, greatly effect the cyclist in this story.
i went to the computer for.
music and movies are a different story.
books of history are thought to be helpful when children are growing up.
what is going to happen to all of the sports in the world.
i got most things done and in a matter of time.
whether they are considered monsters or maybe even the devils offspring; our youth need influences.
soon the fire engine came.
books help the mind to expand and gain a higher standard of learning.
but spending too much time online can damage you social activity levels.
you could just put age restrictions on the books.
as time goes on people are taking religion more and more serious.
this world uses computers for the wrong reasons.
new programs such as word have a special function called voice commands.
just yesterday, i read in the newest issue of that a man married a character in his computer game.
i also learned how to row a boat, to show my class how crossed the river, i learned that by taking on online course.
people do not exercise enough, strain their eyes, and have less interaction with real people.
some of you ask, ' about at school?'
one mood was and friendship.
suppose, one is participating in a horse race.
the setting effects the cyclist very much.
i tell him to pick a book and come on.
the only way a child would see them is only if you point them out.
basically, you can search anything on the internet you are on the right website.
well, some people already are throwing their lives away.
a person that come in the library daily want to read that book because that is the type of books that the man likes.
libraries have done everything that needed to be done to have complete safety for the society.
if it does, people will see a dramatic change in all of my ideas discussed.
, well that could also be a reason people want materials removed.
things that children would like to read, listen or watch about.
also there are sites to teach little kids how to read or write.
you can get some weights and exercise in your room.
but there is so man things that you can do online and on computers.
keep reading for more information.
i would not want anyone to be offended like that.
this way of communication prevents children from learning valuable social skills which come with conversing face to face.
it approaches the prey stealthily.
with a computer, you can find out all of that information.
thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show.
one final, and last obstacle was the terrain he rode on.
and i also hope you agree with me.
once because a co-possanger tried to relieve his sufferings by smoking.
my cousin is now and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl that lived nearby.
one thing that a computer makes easier.
gets a offended by this.
although it sounds silly, you wanted by you could send a message to anyone with a message box.
some books say sexual things in them that offend a race of some type or a gender.
those are just some of the many reasons why computer help .
they even have grocery shopping online.
recently, the debate over whether libraries should censor offensive materials has caused quite a stir.
people or not agree with this, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
later however, his determination was fading as he realized that his short cut was not so short after all.
computers are used from leaning or for fun.
i think that computers have a positive affect on people.
most of the time people are home bound but need a job.
obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the and it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day!
there come a point when things just become too much.
computers help use learn what other people are saying in other countries around the world.
i know this because my sister goes on the computer and completely ignores my mom and dad when there talking to her.
second, when.
like the geese.
when you read something in a book or magazine that disturbs you, put it down, or throw it away.
he never says anything negative about his family, friend, or community.
second of all, the computer network came up with new ideas for the computer.
i think that the mood created by the author was happiness.
the climate in the story also becomes difficult.
the most well know, is the computer.
the book offend one reader it could also inspire another as well.
the memoir also conveys a sense of family because the author often mentions large amounts of family and friends would often be visiting.
things like this although can be very offensive maybe to some people should be viewed because it can teach.
after a little while, the cyclist found himself alone in the desert with no one in sight.
they help education make everything and traveling is .
everyone has their point of view.
but it seemed that she realized how the plant was able to bud to the odds and survive.
this is a perfect way for transportation and learn new things about other places.
when the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, it reflects the turmoil in his head.
it all really depends on the reader.
parents bring their children to the to support their reading ability and to advance it.
when exposed for a long time, exercising, and running out of water, the effect is even greater.
computers are a good way to talk to friends that you not see often or just to talk at the appropriate time.
i think if people understand what the book talks about and if it does not bother them, then they are old enough for it.
and that goes for about in .
so, as the case be why would you censor a library that goes for all ages.
the mood set by the author is very solemn.
his parents worked hard for what they worked for and no one can take that away.
instead of hiring someone to make at, make it yourself.
its as simple as that.
social network sites are good for .
the cyclist was faced with a desert, traveling in extreme humid temperatures and no water.
strive to help them.
sports are very useful for our lives.
she had to take a test but failed it.
people say that computers educate people about things but nature and the environments is a big of our lives.
the worst is probably watching bad things.
over here, he is saying that your friends can be your family or the people that you love.
everyone has different point of view.
if you are riding, and begin to run low on water, your in trouble.
my dream is to become a pilot.
not everyone has the same views and morals, what be considered appropriate for some people , be viewed differently by other cultures or religions.
because people and kids think they need these books to survive in the world.
if you go on the computer you can get all of these names and items for less than compared to %.
the mood created by the in the memoir is happy.
i think it is perfectly fine to protect your kids by setting up rules and boundaries.
life has gotten easier for everyone.
i know cousin just had a baby and her dad lives in .
now what are you going to do with your life?
yes, if we do not censor within certain limits, this could happen.
i spent the next half an hour reading entries on that website and completely forgot about my project.
all his fruits are very fresh and juicy.
doing such the phone would be very expensive.
he ran out of water not to for into his journey thanks to the heat of the setting he was in.
i have ???
we have to stop this devastating pandemic!
the cyclist ended up making it and he realized what a big effect nature can have on you.
she is not giving up on it.
the images from the film stayed in my head for a good month.
also, computers are used for many things.
it makes them happy.
i am very upset that people would do this and go to such lengths to ban a book away from a library.
the cyclist had to pay full attention to the road or else the cyclist could have been seriously injured.
in a survey taken in a local magazine should that of people are on computer and.
they have just started to be able to use the computers, so many times they go through a phase or addiction.
fortunately, the bus started again.
at the same time other people say that we should not remove it from the book shelves.
obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens.
when you first meet someone in person, you most likely want to to say and how to act.
i just want to remind you that their helpful a great learning resource, and a great way to stay in touch.
like for example some kids could love to read scary and gory books and others could like to read books about sports or love stories.
this game develops team spirit.
i strongly believe that material should be censored in the way that those who should not see it, can not see it.
it felt smooth an cool with a hint of velvet toward the center - just as she had known it would feel.
like in high areas like the top of the shelf, or the closet, maybe the attic.
its for your own good.
the pavilions of delhi, rajasthan, karnataka, and uttar pradesh were very attractive.
dear or the purpose of this letter is about how computers have changed our lives for the better.
the house was decorated with streamers and balloons.
if you were traveling somewhere and wanted to find out more about that place you could search it on the internet.
i think that it is important that know a meteor is about to strike the world no?
so does the heat from the sun.
as we stand in a world filled with diversity, we must move on and reflect.
suddenly i heard a loud noise.
less time on computers would also time outdoors.
one way or another they will find out.
you can talk to relatives, friends, or anyone you want to talk to.
mainly centers on keeping information stored an organized in files however you wish and is for quick access to them.
everyone has something that defines them and makes them who they are.
it says in the essay the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
some people have trouble talking to people in person and more comfortable chatting over the computer.
they he is to build skill of typing, help and it easy, and also help keep and family connected.
since most students are familiar with computers, they enjoy working with them more than writing.
they help organize your thoughts, which stress.
kids these day need to learn more about other cultures.
mother earth has given us many gifts.
they can take one anywhere they want to go at anytime.
those materials are not appropriate for the youth of our country, and they should not have access to them.
read in to the minds of the students and see what we have to say on this topic.
it be offensive to some people but there will be some other people in the world that likes that same book.
certain materials that are not appropriate for people of all ages should be placed high up, or in their own area where not everyone is aloud at.
without computers, communication between others would be very hard.
i think we would all believe the same way when we say that kids do not need to be seeing these things.
it is unfair, if nothing else.
further more, not everything that you speculate as bad has to be bad just because you say it so.
libraries hold all different kinds of materials about any subject you could think of.
the word itself is a symbolism of slavery, without it, the book is not as powerful.
in conclusion, computers have an effect on people.
computers help people by interacting with others throughout their daily lifestyle.
language is spoken to mean anything the speaker is trying to communicate.
they both do the same things.
and nothing in the memoir said anything about struggling.
anything that anyone has a problem with they try to band or get rid of it.
losses of parcel due to pilferage or negligence are however not funny.
man does not live by bread alone.
i was wandering.
i think computer have shaped to what it is today.
you look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking your mouse.
will just take up all of your time.
thank you for your time.
offensive or not?
i think computers have a positive effect on people and negative effect one of the positive effects is being able to talk to your friends.
why should we have to remove a book if just some people think its offensive?
obviously censoring is not the answer to offensive material
another way computers have a bad effect on students is because of the internet.
they me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basis of my life.
it showed her getting used to her environment.
lets keep are children and young adults away from violence.
to begin, kids are in school more than have of a school day.
using instant messenger is free!
so in conclusion the computer is a very good place to go shopping, read books, and play games.
we reached the bank.
also if you just that you have never heard of before you can go and find out about it.
government service, according to me, is meant for the mediocre.
has your son or daughter been on the computer with great has been over?
the person who picks up the product should know how they are and should know if they can handle the material.
have you ever walked into your library and started reading a book but decided to put it back on the shelf because of the language in the book?
that is unjust, unfair, and unconstitutional.
i remember when my friend and i were years old she started reading books with offensive words, and her mom got mad at her.
all of a sudden you watch the remote fall to the ground you hand eye coordination is so bad you totally miss it when you try to grab it.
every time her friends asks her about email she makes up some excuse and tries to avoid the subject.
that is what the narrator choose to end the story that way.
so, most people in a couple years will be computers and use them effectively.
they have to come to a agreement that each magazine should say if it contains the kind of adult content like that.
people miss out of a very good book or movie if it is removed from the shelves due to someone being offended by it.
if we took all the books off of the shelves that someone said offended them, then there would be no books left.
they can the wanted with one click.
do you want to gain weight?
lets say i was in the library and i did see something offensive.
while others don' see a problem with it.
every day we see how they struggle to keep us happy.
books have always been a way for people to get away from their life and into their own story world.
a god fearing person will never become sinful or violent.
for example some be offended be certain type of language used in books.
another example is the hills, that made him even more thirsty.
in the end computers are a necessary item in a business.
how do they learn from computers?
computers are wonderful things, but when it starts affecting your health and physical fitness, they are enemies.
it shows that it shows how he is much as close to his family as he is to the others around him.
if the same item appears regularly on the list, remove the item.
in my opinion censorship is alright but only used when needed.
the subject of censorship in libraries has been brought upon many times.
a soldier is well trained in the use of weapons.
those old men had him through neck and been, once he made it to the next town he knew with those conditions
sports prides its self on that.
there are relaxed moods to explain the feelings he had for his life and there was even harsh moods to show the tough times they went through and such.
all men are created equal, right?
libraries have the freedom to get what ever books they want to and put them on shelves.
most people would answer yes to the question because anything that a person reads, watches, or listens to be found offensive or crude to someone else.
most my extended family lives in .
then, a week later, we had another game but this time i went straight from church.
in the beginning of the cyclists journey, he is very happy and carefree.
speech on: annual day celebrations in our school
this could help make work for school or jobs less stressful.
there is always a great rush at the windows.
with out family life would be much harder to deal with.
yes, i believe that libraries should remove certain materials from the book shelves if they are found offensive to someone.
the features of a setting, such as terrain and weather greatly affect the cyclist who is biking in it.
that could have everything about doing drugs on , which persuades kids to do them, and no one wants their kids doing drugs.
when a book is published then it is sent to a library that way you can choose to read if you would like.
set it up for only your friends to see.
which could mean that we would have no books on the shelves for anybody.
why did the author have to throw this in the book?
some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down.
the author also uses that paragraph at the end to show a sense of release.
in order to not offend anyone, items should be divided into their own categories inside their own sections.
technology is continuing to grow, and it is becoming to impact our lives more and more each day.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist on different occasions in different ways.
simply because adults do have the right to view these materials.
some material could be informational about our solar system or about the human body.
the author showed thankfulness because his parents worked so hard to give him a new life.
i asked them what do they think is this to happen.
if people are so offended then they should just stay away from the books that the certain author writes.
i say that there should be no library censoring.
i took a tally and out of every kids use the internet at least once a day!
gives the parent control of what their child sees, instead of the child having full control.
over all computers have a positive effect on people.
well i know it would me if it was are wedding song.
he also creates a mood of happiness, unity and overall loving, that he has seen throughout his lifetime.
these are all the things that computers take away from people.
experts are awed that over the years, computers have helped billions of people get jobs done foster and smoother than ever before.
then, he encounters a pump that gives out water tasting like battery acid.
there are many answers to this question and many people have different views to the question.
family is the most important part of your life and if computers are getting in the way, computer use absolutely has to be changed.
after buying a winter hibiscus plant, she vows to take the test again when it blooms in the spring.
we see them.
should the child that is being beaten at home have to suffer in silence because it seems too graphic to tell?
now, things could get even rougher.
because of this, the old memories seem to get further away, and the mood changes to sadness.
i also think that more kids would read if they seen their relatives reading too.
in that time, some one could have died, been robbed and that same criminal gone.
it is also true that some people are not getting enough exercise.
that is why i strongly believe that certain material such as books, magazines, movies, and music that are offensive should be removed from libraries.
i think that there were many things contributing to the cyclists state at the end of the story.
we go through all the trouble of turning on and opening pages just to chat online.
these themes are reinforced in the last few sentences when the author ends speaking about his gracious neighborhood and how he learned to love.
is what happens to people who have grown up among censorship; they have very little reason.
although, there are still many racist comments, articles, and films published today.
it is wrong to make fun of or joke about people.
that is the same with magazines, books, and anything available at a library.
all this cyclist could hope for was the blessing of a water refill and the shade of a puffy cloud.
a healthy person has a lot of advantages over an unhealthy and physically unfit person.
have all kids stay away from offensive and bad items they are not aloud to be around.
when people are on the computer they can learn about interesting far away lands.
you are able to interact with people by meeting them online and then them on public.
no one can base censorship on one belief or idea, because it will never be the belief or idea that everyone approves of.
yes, computers make life easier, but they have a much more negative affect than they do a positive one.
people should restrict computer usage among themselves to a of an hour even less if you can.
everything in the world is in one computer.
it started entering the low lying shops.
he gets early in the morning.
also because the hibiscus will be budding, that will make her feel more comfortable and relaxed because it all make her feel more like secure home feeling.
this type of event could cause serious damage on a child emotionally and mentally.
you can talk to friends.
that reminds me of sister.
i hope what i have just explained now helps me make my.
i remember my brother was working on his project.
the features of the setting that the author cyclist through definitely effect not only his mood, but his the physical condition.
sadly, my lecture has come to an .
how could that possibly be regroup?
many materials found in a library even if it is offensive can be helpful for someone else.
bad people are out there, and one might hack into your computer and ruin your day.
are we aloud to view his deepest darkest thoughts?
they allow us to communicate with our friends through social networks.
it also helps prevent some kids to not smoke and do drugs if they hear or look at those things from experience.
the only time he goes on it now is rainy days.
some students go to the library.
i myself have read the .
what would we do without computer!
a library is a place to enjoy the countless amount of literature of many different styles and should not be restricted.
people can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them.
even though computers are great for fun, working and learning are much easier online.
communication is one of the greatest things about computers.
in fact, since that the computers came out this year, lots of people has been spending web to much time of them.
everyone has a different look on it.
realizes that they came to this country to give their children better lives.
that is the sound of your family members trying to talk to you when your on the computer.
dear town paper, i would have to pick being for computers.
some items are not appropriate for everyone though.
and you can also look up places like , or if you need to find out where a place is use .
but then again, you could pay your bills on line!
most children will see something interesting and repeat what they learned or share it with an adult and it could get them into trouble.
but now they want movies or music.
music be found most offending now days but, music is also away of getting emotions and freedom of speech out.
people spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted.
nobody can make read or stop reading things like that, only you can.
these novels contain anything from brutal horror, to adult material, or foul language.
some books are offensive to some people.
dear local news paper, computers is a good idea because every developed country uses computers.
people have the right to change things if they believe they are wrong.
books are not racist so other people can be made fun of but to learn what they went through.
i would like to thank you for reading this.
free from temptation and independent human beings.
being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death.
go their and hangout with friends interact with them.
it creates hatred against other people.
so in the ride he struggled more than he thought he could.
my last reason is, communicating with others is a great skill to have so you can talk in person.
during the whole memoir, the author describes how much he honors his parents such as how they not only told him life lessons but also showed him.
in conclusions computers have people.
some of these books could be arguably offensive to some people.
a computer hacker hacks a computer and shut of power to an entire city for about days.
of coarse, every library has books that cover all kinds of topics.
you can have conversations with all your friends and family.
finally, a building came into view.
however, just because a work is offensive does not mean that it is not worth reading.
to wrap up his memoir he mentions that he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home.
someone of an extremist religion group could be going there to read on something of their religion.
you can do things like learn, socialize, and actually become healthy.
i can easily just sit up in my room and be on the computer all the time.
children found it entertaining and adults did nothing.
recently the growing issue of censorship in libraries came to my attention.
this shows how much she misses home.
it shows that even though she really loved her hometown, and feels and remembers a lot back then.
my parents tried to shield me from the bad news and creeps in society.
family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older, the time you have with your family get less and less.
this variety provides stories for many audiences.
so i think computers are very important and they are needed in people lives.
i believe that reading and the ability to express oneself through the powers of music is a very essential part of our lives.
just because some one finds them offensive.
in some books its has some offensive stuff about that were stated by .
why people would even consider getting rid of history and learning materials about cultures and different subjects in world is beyond me.
i think these websites are great and can only improve society.
the peacock lives in jungles, in small flocks.
the author also writes.
good marks give fruit in the future.
why should we take them out of libraries?
not all of them think that way though.
the library staff should take action and make a separate room for
the truth is no one is able to keep everyone happy.
many people in different cultures find many different things offensive.
did you know that adults learn their knowledge about the environment, politics, and other basic information from the computer?
a bad neighbor makes a hell of our lives.
people could get sick, probably forget a lot of stuff, and never have the future that they have always wanted.
they wanted to give her and her brothers and sisters a better life.
their should also be an adult with you if entering into the room.
censorship is not good for any society.
in reading these books i see that there is no glamour in doing drugs or getting in trouble with the law.
but, for teenagers now in certain places they have it hard.
go to the gym, a vacation without a computer.
these are necessities for all people to have access to.
censorship, or the ability to control what is seen or heard, is a term that is taken very differently from one person to the next.
using a computer will help us in life by talking or making friends on line.
in the blazing sun, i cannot go out.
you can look up facts you need or even play games when your bored.
the cyclist would be fine if he would have had more water for his trip.
which leads me to my next argument in if we do allow censorship, who should be in charge?
as well as the library, the movie store and everything else.
but it can easily get lost.
us children are always curious to know things, especially when we are growing up.
our kids will decide if they are mature enough to watch something we would rather them not watch.
his family always helped people who were considered family to them.
stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends.
his babysitter was his first friend that lived above him and graced his kitchen with meals.
and was unable to have a supporter to help
however, at the period of time the book was written, these words were not considered to be wrong.
studies show out of people who use a computer, do not exercise with less exercise throughout the world, nations are becoming more over weight.
all this was caused by the setting he was in.
you can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores cool is that!!
in a magazine i read, one expect, () said that leading to type without looking is a great way of improving reflexes.
people should enjoy reading all types of books.
they should write back, convey their message and try to win support, not control.
over of the sites used by teens are based on networking.
they also have always stood by his side and made sure there was only positive attitudes around him.
kids should be outdoors playing sports and getting fresh air.
i think that no books should be taken away.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it shows a form of disobedience.
having offensive articles in a public library where kids of all ages go to do their homework, is just plain wrong.
all of the books that were censored were meant to be enjoyed.
the cyclist could get caught in a sudden heat wave to drop in temperature.
rather than socializing and just spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butts talking and gaming away.
people are on the .
those are the reasons that point to the mood of this excerpt being grateful, or gratefulness.
someone is using the car and you need to go grocery shopping and the store is too far.
the computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends.
now the kids know how to say them.
i have to use the computer.
if someone finds something particularly offensive, i believe they just should not view it
if that happened there would be a very limited supply of books.
we pulled up to the library and he took off running to the doors.
this problem continues to grow and hackers feed off of weak sites.
it also bears fruits generally once a year.
i disagree with library censorship.
others see it as freedom of speech and writing.
i remember when i was about years old an i never once got to meet my other family besides my siblings.
i know when i get home from school the computer is all i can think about until i go on.
so what you choose pay over thirty dollars just for a long distance call or stay on the computer.
when he arrives at the first town, he finds it deserted, this effects the cyclist because has eventually going to need more water.
is like writing a letter electronically.
we learn about our history for a reason, does any of this resemble a situation or two the world has already been through?
the movie could be rated but the parents still check it out for them.
perhaps the most influential element of the setting is the isolation.
one of the moods, is love.
just like how i talk to people about a band we both love.
thankfulness is focused on in paragraphs and .
it would be the same way if a store stopped selling your favorite product because one person did not like it.
because who needs to go outside when you could be chatting with a friend or just being on looking up new technology.
there are some weak boys and girls in my class.
with your friends you ran go to the movies, have a sleepover play outside.
each parent has a different style of parenting and they choose what works best for their child.
if we would get rid of all of the magazines in the world then there would be a cut down on all those horrible advertisements that men long for.
when i was young, i visited my cousin .
every kid gets bored when its a rainy day.
she has slowly gotten used to this new place and recognizes the seasons now as she thinks this last thought.
i use computers every day for two reasons for school, researching or writing a project for any of my classes.
the flower had the ability to survive harsh winters and adapt to and new environments.
to conclude, i implore you not to try and change the habits of others.
this evidence is located in paragraph .
all they need to do is select the items they wish to purchase and await for its arrival a few days later.
having an adult only section would be a way to solve this problem.
then, the library has a bad image which is a big problem.
in opinion i think computers have negative effects on people.
i also use the computer often.
this form of bulling has happened to many and we have lost many to it.
it is much easier, looking it up on the computer.
if someone reads them as offensive, they might just be taking it the wrong way.
this happens to many people in their sports.
this is the mood the author swings into the story.
i came home from a day at the library with materials that my parents did not approve of.
quote shows the impact that people have on generations to come.
these people need to learn have the will power to get off the .
kids are maturing at a much younger age these days.
as editor of the newspaper, you have the power to inform people about situations.
i remember when i was in grade and my father was across the world on a business trip.
he had no more water and there was rough roads ahead of him and he came across a juice factory.
please consider the following that computers have a negative effect on people.
instead of eating dinner at the computer, go out to dinner as a family.
if the libraries take away the offensive material is just like talking a good book from you.
offensive media is almost anywhere.
but many would disagree with that.
he said that this was hard for them, but he found a positive way to look at the situation.
young children most of the time are not even interested in going to those kinds of books anyway.
there lives will never be the same because they were using the computer too much.
just to add to the misfortune of the story.
some people have one because they like to look at pictures.
mr. kailash is my next-door neighbor.
remember computers, do lots of things, help us learn, and they are a fantastic tool.
people try and do the littlest things, and they try and make a difference in the world.
yes having a computer is helpful.
for them to see or hear.
he hardly noticed the sun was beginning to beat down.
everyone knows the basic learning you get in school, which is extremely .
lastly, i would like to express how i feel about offensive religious comments being found in libraries.
that is a part of the desert.
the author concludes the last paragraph of the story because she already knew that she should not be afraid of trying a new life or new environment.
of course, its speed was reduced.
lastly, the type of road and amount of ground that he has to cover after affects his performance.
to start off with everyone has their own opinion of what is offensive ,and whats not.
so even know you can communicate with your friends.
if people want to have heir things shown such, as movies or heard, such as music, it should be appropriate.
if a person want to read something they should be allowed.
all our festivals are colour oriented.
but would be better just to not censorship libraries and keep the people who does read them happy.
the snake was big and the cyclist had to work his best to pass it while wobbling from dehydration.
did you know that the human body has only one liver!!
people would be more fit, have closer bonds with their family, and get better grades in school.
one way is is shown when mentions his grand parents.
her water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
all of these things affected him.
the more you use a computer the more you know about it.
every single person has the right to be heard.
should i be allowed to remove it from shelves, leaving teenagers without their music, denying artists' freedom of speech, and ultimately, leaving them unemployed?
is content out that children should not see; however adults have the right to choose what they want to read and come in contact with.
in conclusion, computers do not help us.
children should be restricted from viewing the explicit materials though.
last one not story this lets the reader know that she believes in something that gives her hope and that will make her so well
imagine walking out of your home and you see right down the street a giant bonfire, right in the open.
i am a fanatic of it.
that number shows that, , over million people use these.
parents also have a say in what they want their children to watch, read, or listen to.
i believe peoples lives have been overcome by technology.
second, we need computers to do research for school and work.
whenever a student needs information on a certain topic, then they use the internet for help.
libraries can not censor their materials!
dear , i believe that computers benefit society very much.
this quote talks about how the setting ( degree weather, dessert) can him.
a sense of security with friends families and neighbors.
do you ever have time to read?
typing takes to get good at but is very helpful.
if every article of entertainment were to remain on the shelf in the library, everyone would be happy.
had the computer here a bigger range of knowledge then a have.
these technological advances have given many people the general knowledge that they very well need in any given situation.
just look around you they show it in movies, they talk about it in books.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills this characteristic is a setting, like the others, negatively affects the cyclist by making his journey harder.
censorship in libraries is good in some ways.
there are all different kinds of .
he gets water from the bathroom and all is well.
my second reason is the less people on the computer means less cyberspace bullying.
dear local newspaper.
foreign communication, specifically by means of instant messaging can strengthen our tie with other nations, in the fields of both business and government.
everyone wants to live like there dying or in other words live life to the fullest!
computers have now become part of our society and culture and is very important by following reasons.
then again, if its too cold, breathing gets really hard.
now music and movies etc.
dear local newspaper, more and more people are getting hooked on computers.
the problem this creates is that many valuable books that should be permitted reading material are instead unavailable.
they just need to have learning and for fun magazines.
think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people to it and keep them for hours.
it teaches us everything & anything.
music and movies that promote things that young children should not be doing.
i believe that the main reason the computer has enhanced our life so much is because of one giant thing: the internet.
the used censorship not just during the as a brand of propaganda, but also during under guidance.
maybe there just is no line of the definition inappropriate,especially in the world we live in today.
it is already and we are using the computer for so much.
many people try to shelter their kids from it but the truth is if the kids really want to look at it they are going to find a way.
if the books with questionable content had a sticker on them telling the reader that, then it could benefit both sides.
some people should just stop taking everything so seriously, then they would not have to worry about things like what their children are reading.
or they can skim over it.
if something is typed into , results will pop up within seconds.
for them for many reasons.
i also think the computers are helpful by talking to friends or family.
culture and history are two very important aspects of the world.
in conclusion always prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
we need to get up walk, hang out with friends, do sports.
we can learn about many things from computers!
addiction to computers lead to serious issues.
no one wants to check out thinks that are offensive in any type of way.
although i have all the right in the world to object to a book that i find inappropriate, somebody else might believe that that book is completely appropriate.
and you just cant figure it at?
people having the right to take any book off the shelf would be unfair for the people.
also, the mood has gratefulness.
even if you find it offensive, someone else might not.
two the heat is making him thirsty and is running out of his water.
because it shows the entire theme of the story.
second, the different types of terrain made the cyclist really thirsty also and tired.
he has no worries, no hardships, and no troubles.
kids are learning this through hearing their parents swear or their peers in class talking about sex.
have you ever read a book you thought was offense?
parental concern for their children is also a factor.
think about this, maybe you should just have your kid under control and watch what they read.
they all brought gifts for me.
animals can get in the way like this snake did for the cyclist.
the mood created by the author is welcoming.
materials that the library has is for everyone to check out if they want to check anything out of the library.
any person that finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book.
instead of being on computers, i think it would be best to spend time with your family.
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
all these books have been in libraries for this amount of time why change it now.
a person believe in something very strongly, and then a book goes and makes fun of it or trashes it in some way.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they caused him to need water.
together we can make a change or find a cure.
they should leave the libraries just the way they are.
the lion obeyed him.
would you want the teacher teaching you or you teaching the teacher!
first it shows that she is starting to like this new life.
he is like a friend and guide to the students.
sometimes little kids read books whit bad and offensive words.
he has to go through a lot of bad things just to finish.
needless to say i was speechless.
think about, paying somebody to count your taxes year after year, when you can save a fortune and do it yourself.
after a story of such depression, the author shows newly found confidence and optimism by ending the story with this paragraph.
our teachers today gives us many projects and assignments to learn about new things, and a great way to research our topic than on the computer.
knew that he would get punished, but he decided that grounding would be better than injury, or even death.
if you ask me i think that is a positive effect computers have.
the water bottles contains only a few tantalizing sips.
with these people can learn about other peoples opinions or spend time playing games.
it can relieve stress & can be relaxing.
everyone should retain their right to read what they would like to.
in the desert it was very hot and because of this the cyclist was sweating a lot and getting dehydrated.
from personal experience being addicted to computers, i can honestly say that i was under almost complete control by that computer.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is in my opinion pure happiness and love.
by doing so, i believe the only effects this will have on society are positive ones.
even the post office uses computers to get letters and boxes to people.
you can learn about different countries, people, or even the recipe of apple pic.
this part of his journey affects him the most.
when your a kid my age when you have a computer all you want to do is play games online with friends.
why try to block out negative things when there all around you.
everyone has an opinion.
the features of the setting greatly affect this cyclist.
due to their role, the cyclist takes an unmarked shortcut that turns out to be horrible.
do we take it off the shelve and tell the sorry?
as it is, adding a computer into the mix just makes it worse.
some people treat the donkey very badly, but it takes them
its amazing what technology does.
just ignore it.
but some people say that it distracts you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friend.
its especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences.
a large number of men, women, and children were waiting for the train.
there were no cars, buildings, or people.
i know their are people that will agree or disagree but what i think they should do is leave them.
this tells our children that it is okay to do these things, when it is the exact opposite.
so, leader of the paper, do you really, along with everyone else, think that computers are a waste of time in life?
so please read this carefully and i hope what i have said has helped you realize why people sensor these things.
people think the donkey as a stupid animal.
computers can send out information and they are risky.
so the setting most definitely affected the cyclist
heat, dessert, humidity all are things that affect the cyclist as on his journey.
some say that our future generations will be greatly shorted of knowledge, or become naive because of this lack of knowledge.
i felt that the mood was both happy and sad in this memoir.
early in the morning.
you can discuss things like weather, ideas you have, you can even plan exercise days.
this concerns some people.
next year when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
dear , i have a very strong belief that children and adults are spending far away too much time the computer.
i know even more than .
if a parent really abhors a certain genre, then it is up to that parent to create a surrounding in which they feel that their child is safe.
is only six about to be seven.
prostitution happens because of online chats.
different people have their own perspective of things and opinion of how things.
if we take these books from our shelves we are harming ourselves and allowing us to become ignorant.
i could hear loud roaring sound coming from the sky.
her hibiscus would keep her culture, tradition, and memories alive, as the geese would help her feel happy and accustomed in .
however, people say that computers give the wrong information many times, but you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you.
this not fix the problem of people being offended, but it could very much reduce the amount of complaints about a book being offensive.
every time people use their computer, they put themselves at risk.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
i know i !
magazines can also be educational.
computers can help you with as well.
you can learn also things on the computer.
i believe that they should not be pulled off of the shelf if they are found to be offensive.
time is the most valuable possession of a man in a civilized society.
these websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans.
if you had no computers there would be no point in buying a lot of electronic devices because a lot you need the computer for.
i know that i would try to contact them on the computer.
no one wants to be ignorant right?
also when the time comes they going to realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise.
helps you understand what the reader is feeling upon someone or thing.
the library should have more that one copy of a book.
those cost per year.
concluding that some people die each year of being over weight.
the rough terrain desolation and hot temperatures seemed to have affected the cyclist / author.
last of all, members of the library would have the same right as the librarians.
even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world.
do you have picture files laying your house?
lets just say here you went to the library today and you wanted to research a paper on offensive material from the old days.
* no matter what age.
his first instincts was to use a perfectly good map that was up to date.
different people find different topics offensive.
others just want to talk to other family or friend member in other towns, states, countries, or continents.
but most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you.
indeed, many people in this world are influenced with bad things.
all this happen when children are not being watched or get bored and to pick on someone.
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends.
although there were a lot of inconveniences, yet the people were very happy.
but, they were still happy and determined to be, so they all work together happily and in unity.
all readings, music, or movies that have explicit or uncensored graphics or words should personally have their own section in the library.
the setting effected him by making him probably begin to stress or panic a lot for the most part.
(last sentence)
complaining is bad for business especially if its a government building.
this might cause his emotion break down to make his energy to loss.
in conclusion, we should limit our computer time to do other tasks, be active, and spend time with friends and family.
there will definitely be some people like that.
these waves are linked to diseases and cancers.
also i firmly believe time should be spent with your family, doing family activities and eating dinner with your parents.
also most families or friends will lose contact because they lost a fun way to communicate.
is it right for some parents to ban books from schools and libraries?
plus we would also find up doing bills and taxes without computer software.
example some people like to talk with a family member the is not in the so they communicate from the computer.
so he drank from his water bottles frequently.
another reason is that it shows strength.
also you can talk with friends and family on computers.
when negatively effecting all of these areas the consequences are much more influential then the benefits.
then he went to south africa.
what one parent feels is very offensive another feel it has a necessary life lesson that their children need to learn.
the computer give you the wrong info.
although they use computers for a good reason people should make time for outside.
after reading all the facts surely one would agree that a is a great tool that should be used.
it has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way.
instead, moved from one area to a different area.
people go on every day uploading videos, pictures, blogs, and just about what ever they want.
father explained that her mother needed her there to look after her because, her was into some heavy drugs at the time.
she was a test to her ability to function in her new country and she failed.
you know some forms of cancer are caused by the radiation of technological devices?
music is a different story.
movies have been criticized for decades because they represent some sort of life lesson or truth that is not appealing to the audience.
finn finds that his father had died and hi was no more in danger.
still, the question is this: will computerized technology benefit our society or crash it down?
while we are on the computer we spend a lot of time and sometimes causes us to even forget to exercise.
also, you can have it in stuff such as you phone or in another technology related thing.
the authors battery was leaking acid so it was harder to make it over the hills.
he also knows how to dress and heal wounds.
that one book could stimulate this white mans thoughts and he could try to put his thoughts into action.
people all judge things differently.
brownie can work very hard.
if your family is going to a movie to have family time maybe you will stay because you would stay home on the computer.
he had to stop and into by the snake which showed him down and freaked him out.
if i feel i should read books that others find offensive then, why does that concern you?
we would have computers but we wont use it like for along time then spend more outside.
throughout our twelve years of school, students are taught to think for themselves and make their own decisions.
this sight was troubling .
i stopped at a rusted water pump to get water and a tar like substance oozed out.
at night, the teacher reads his books and prepares new lessons.
if a you look back to the times before computers, you will notice that you will rarely see an overweight child.
such as family, friends, or a group of close people.
we will try to plant a tree whenever we can.
these are or the many problems computers cause.
the music you listen to has a huge impact on your life.
they even allow people to talk online.
he was exhausted and could not go on without water.
so in theory, libraries should not have to take their materials off of their shelves just to satisfy parents.
not being violent or cursing after everything you say is not going to hurt anyone.
i believe that the author concludes the story like this to show a sense of continuation in life.
offensive material can be anything someone wants to think of.
what would happen if you were to go to a location that you thought was nice, but it turned out to be the worst place ever?
it would turn out to be a disaster.
you never know.
kids and teenagers can also use them for studying.
today are seeing going outside.
if i think that something is offensive then yes, it should be removed from the bookshelves.
there in the bushes i could see a herd of deer.
first of all.
i personally have never had this kind of problem, i have only been to the library around times i generally rent movies.
one more thing to take into consideration, is the authors money.
magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time.
computers also great way to communicate to people no matter how far away that person is.
people can lose track of time & be on the computer for hours.
he was profusely bleeding.
by censoring books in libraries throughout , millions of children are being denied the chance to learn.
no matter what even in hard times one of them will always have their door open for them, and they can always relay on them.
little by little we can help people what they can do with out using an computer.
dear local newspaper, people throughout the world use, or own computers.
people of all ages have the right to read any material that they want or other family members tell their children not to read about a certain topic.
but when i wait for it to load i get bored and go on online game website.
as you can see computers have helped students all across the .
it is a good source of entertainment.
i was in the library looking for a book.
please let them keep teaching
most importantly will not only benefit you but will mean a lot to your family so what are you waiting for?
having a computer you could do a lot of homework.
you had a computer, you could have simply emailed your boss.
the way he describes his experience in the kitchen cooking and listening to music gives the reader a warm feeling.
you believe its pointless but almost the whole uses it.
my first reason why i think using computers is good because people learn more on the internet, you know what people say, you learn something new everyday.
computers have a positive effect.
one book about !
i was working on a long history paper and essay, which meant countless hours on the computer typing.
what i am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general.
first off, computers provide you with communication skills.
so, cooks in a kitchen, if too many, spoil the dish.
they will do anything to understand it.
there are over on computer games online.
if people take out stuff that kids and teens like.
well i hope you think about what i told you and take it into consideration.
people take that aspect to the next level to where they are getting hurt.
computers are used for everyday needs such as finding out information.
have you ever seen the commercial where a little boy is talking to his father on the computer.
and the country is .
it could be a little kid and we do not want to open the door for that.
next, you spend less time playing nature.
libraries across the world are facing the obstacle of censorship.
because it is true.
also, that everyone cared about everyone else.
jupiter is the biggest planet among all of them.
lastly, parents need to allow their kids to grow up and mature.
in conclusion, i don not think it is right to ban books or music from libraries.
instead of just hearing voice or waiting two or three days to talk to them.
i know that a lot of people are against these positive opinions but i think computers have a positive effect on people.
you can spread your imagination with the games you can play.
he feels more confident and can ride to his destination.
she even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends.
it takes great bravery.
computers are very helpful at learning new things.
if not everybody would get bored of the same books.
everyone expects to see the flawlessly inked letters on the printer paper in whatever piece of writing it is.
like i said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful.
this creates a full understanding of the test and hibiscus.
everyone gets bored.
in addition, they lead to less interaction with real people.
there is a reason why we are becoming one of the fastest countries!
as the setting changes in the story, so does the cyclists narrators mood.
it is against the law in some states that a be in school at all.
computers are fine in moderation, as are most things.
there are many types of consumers and it is hard not to offend anyone due to the wide variety of people.
this would not be possible without computers.
i understand how you might think that computers cause people to not get enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand eye coordination.
these problems are slowly spreading and we must come together to abolish them!
that there means that there is no way to from it.
to conclude, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
after everything it does not matter what is offensive to people , they will just have to deal with it.
this will keep us from getting into any trouble.
some people think that offensive books should be off the selves, but some other people think that this should not be allowed.
i hope after reading this you will agree with my position.
make sure they see something fun, but with a positive message.
computers are a optional thing for people to use in their own time required to do.
but that is not the only bad thing about them.
but i disagree.
do you feel that some material should just not be allowed in libraries?
some parents bring their child up they way they want to.
it is a world someone loves to enter, to hide or confide in.
they are now happily engaged.
they were wearing colorful clothes.
the computer are the best system for go online every body use computer.
conclusion, local newspaper this is why i believe that we should keep our computers.
also, the rough road forces the cyclist to pedal very hard, which drains him or her of even more energy.
to learn about love, math, history, and much more.
for example a teenager say while typing a paper that she really likes to write.
he has a small family.
i have many opinions upon this issue.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
i miss my family over at .
it also proves that she is going to be positive and not let disc overage her.
bad influences can have a bad effect on children.
many books are an authors experience, so they are meant for high school age.
nature is a gift that should be given to everybody.
in conclusion, the conflict of this story was set up by the setting.
radio gives us news, information, and entertainment.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy and a loving one.
and what they should know as a young person.
if people buy the books that mean the libraries get money and the more books people buy the richer the libraries becomes.
like people on the other side of the state or country.
their was no way i could find out way the was killing the people over in that town.
as she sees the geese flying overhead, she realizes what determination they must have and vows to do better on the test next year.
, it gives students the to learn different places.
the books, magazines and even movies that have offensive pictures or people with no clothes on should be removed from any public library shelves.
i believe that if people want to experience it they should be able to without wondering if it will gone the next day.
other writing materials and even movies cause problems in this world today.
there are far too many other things to do!
in saying this, it can go either way.
no water would come out of these pumps so he had no choice but to keep going water.
an other reason why the computers are good for society is educations.
people would be well aware of the facts by reading an article online.
putting a censorship would upset the general public more than not having a censorship because if everyone can check out what they want from the library then everyone is content
i agree that computers are having a positive impact on us.
is just people that think they are high class and think if you look at that or watch that or read that you are a dirt bag.
i have also seen what happens when u take music off the self.
these are all reasons for those book to be ban from libraries or at least glued to the shelves.
in the memoir gives a loving and caring mood to the readers.
this means that people can not just ban something for what it might say or portray.
they will just keep taking what freedoms we have until we are nothing more that a dictatorship
she believed that he would try to learn witchcraft.
the author got this love from his parents.
people need to leave the computer and do something else like ride a bike or play a sport.
computers have software were you can instant message, send emails, or even video chat with that person.
people have the choice to not listen to it or not read about it.
because they did pay for it and have a right to let people in society watch, read, or listen to it.
although most fail to be banned right now, the world is very unpredictable.
it seems as though the more dehydrated he gets, the worse things became for him.
some books that are offensive show how people that do bad thing have to pay the cost and people can learn from other people mistakes.
hills take a bigger toll on a persons body because it takes more effort to pedal up a hill.
i read an article on the web page and on paragraph sec.
the library has a section for children only.
being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more.
so take away something from people they are going to stand up and fight for it.
the author chose to conclude the story with that paragraph to show that the girl had adapted to her new country.
well that was another opinion of mine so read on to see what else i got.
he was very polite.
it can mess up your health.
i saw my favorite actors on movie saying bad words, so i figured it was alright.
the features of the setting make the cyclist feel hopeless after realizing he is not on a short cut.
water was a factor because he need cool water to keep him hydrated he came to a shed with pumps after running out of water.
dear , i understand that more and more people use computers, and that can have a good side and a bad one.
so people who publish the newspaper i think and i hope you think to this is a good response that tells you good things about a computer.
people choose how community they exercise, on the computers.
the sun has a great influence on all living and
it a snake was in the road, then the town must be empty because around here streets are busy and no snakes in the road.
everybody has there own preference on the kinds of books and music that they like.
there are puzzle games that challenge you, action that are fun and take rapid button pressing, and adventure that let you explore new lands.
nothing at all.
what if you were looking for a new home?
life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any moment.
when you read you learn, when you watch a movie you learn, even when you listen to music you can learn.
we should allow people to pick what they like.
little by little she started gaining weight.
most girls are in the stage where they are maturing, still immature, but working their way up the scale.
at this point, it maybe too late.
skills are things you need to have if you want to pursue a career.
dear , you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction?
in short i do not believe that libraries should be censored, rather that parents should pay more attention to their children and dependents.
first, materials that one individual finds offensive could be viewed another way by many others who enjoy the material.
so the program is helpful to us.
he also has a lot of respect for his parents.
you work, because you need to shovel the drive way and your car off and that can get very tire some.
they use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places.
in the adult section they have adult books.
your learning about others cultures, heritage, family history, and so forth and so on.
but i think as the story goes on she kind of realizes she can have both, her old and new life.
allows us to connect with family in far away places and surf the internet for new information.
censorship in libraries has become an ongoing debate.
the only way people can truly make their ideas heard will be when they can understand all about their topics.
also in , the author talks about how he could not thank his parents enough for all they have done for him.
this can help you in sports and give you fast reflexes.
also it should be up to the library whether or not they want to remove some of their material.
professor had this to say about how this is affecting .
in my opinion, i believe that computers have a negative effect on people.
i feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to this!
there was one time when i went to the library and could not find a book or a magazine to help me with my research.
mainly it falls on parents on what content you want your kids looking at.
if i were a bird, i would have really enjoyed flying around our wonderful nature.
then there are also people you had strict parents and they turned out to be not so good of a person, and vise versa.
they can also make it easier to buy things you need, look for jobs, and many other things.
i like spring season most.
you socialize with people all across the world through a network.
everyone is not the same.
plus not all information you find is true.
some students sit in their classrooms.
pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year.
helps you when you need info on a person, place, or thing.
if you want kids to know about the history of our country, they need to know what actually happened.
people use computers for work.
i say stay at name and love your internet!!
i am a student here at , and it has come to attention that the is thinking about taking books they find offensive out of the library.
while maybe an overweight reader could read the same magazine and feel like there not beautiful or self worthy as the women in the magazine.
have you ever seen a crazy person walking around saying odd or unique theories?
nevertheless, computers are dangerous.
there are many different selections in reading, for example, adventure, mystery, comedy, or love stories.
obviously, without computers life as we know it would be way different.
although the desert is flat, he began to notice some hills in the road, and such a long distance, including the heat, could be deadly.
there was no place even to stand properly.
computers allow people video chat and talk online.
we should be grateful for friendships.
the memoir is mostly about family and childhood memories.
which has been proven by news.
he thinks they have gone up because, instead students reading long boring article on someone or something they can just search it on the internet.
i hope you understand that technology is not everything in life.
the heat of the weather and lack of water makes the cyclist develop an uncaring matter.
if they have bad related books they should just make a different section in the library for them.
movies are a whole different thing then books.
and last children should be playing outside.
he decide he was going to such on a couple of pebbles.
i guess he is just very grateful for his parents, his childhood, everything and everyone he has ever met, had or done in his life.
in the stories these settings have a great effect on the cyclist.
music has also been around for many centuries and it has done many things.
i was so sad.
the first of three promised towns had been resigned to that of a ghost town.
these are all the reasons why computers are bad.
the point is, is that people should have a choice of what they can get from their public or school library.
children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate.
instead of removing why not just move them to an + section of the library.
this delayed him and took time to cycle around.
because they teach hand eye coordination, give us the ability to learn about far away people and places and allow us to chat online with people.
for example, some albums that contain offensive language or topics have ' ' stickers on them.
in conclusion, the setting makes the riders journey an one, but in the end the bait store had just what he needed.
computers have positive effects because they can give you quick and reliable and the can be fun too.
students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier.
we play a running race.
they can also talk about if they want to go some fun.
if a knife was you human nature world tell you to cover your head with your hands.
why should books that some people enjoy to read be removed off of library shelves?
when he was driving home he pulled out on a highway at the wrong time.
i also think computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology.
these free websites let you add friends, send messages, and post pictures.
therefore, that is most likely why the author ended the story the way he did.
i feel very happy in his company.
mr. peter is very fussy about his food.
a alert saying that someone sent you a email.
from these reasons our lives because easy and convenient, which is what people strive to accomplish.
certainly going on the computer will mean less time for exercising.
all of those reasons explains that the settings affect the cyclist in many ways.
it helps you at work for a job and at school.
this aggression cause others to get aggressive in response, which lead to a verbal or physical fight, which (hopefully) nobody wants.
unfortunately, he had to move away.
if you said to all of these questions then using a computer is the way to go!
which then relates it to the theme of adjusting and keep trying till you adjust.
if people spend time on computers they will not get off and be stuck on computers then spending time like going to the park, or the mall.
in a recent report the states that in the past five years; the number of driving students who pass on their first try has almost doubled.
these types of snakes are found in african forests.
i can think of many books that could be taken offensively that are still on many school library and public library shelves.
according to my prior knowledge, i know certain materials will affect different people in different ways.
it should not matter what other people think.
libraries are places of learning.
they where also lucky that they where going to have a better life.
through everything they had been through.
i love to read and listen to all of them.
you can share the news or just have a conversation with anyone you know.
likewise to help our reflexes, computers with the would help people that are distance apart could connect.
they show a persons opinion on something.
also when you learn about something.
so then she gave me her email to contact her on the computer so i could talk to her.
advice and invite him to take part in every social work.
so many teens read that book and found it interesting.
i was so thrilled when i was finally able to check out the book and read it.
students within a school must have the right to read what they want to read regardless of the schools beliefs and ideals.
when you just want to see someone i'l costs you money to get on a phone .
from my own experiences i know that it is a growing problem.
are you trying to find facts for your science project?
in conclusion it has to be obvious that i feel censorship should be used in libraries.
this led him through the desert.
such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch.
you stop and make a change right now.
would you really want that for your child?
parents should be happy that their teenager is reading and not playing video games or out with friends.
also you enjoy listening to music from your computer as you personal entertainment.
he gave many examples throughout the memoir that strongly showed the mood he made in this memoir, pride
we use computers in life.
home as well as neighborhood was a place of unity and caring for one another like a family.
firstly, a mood that the author sets is warmth.
i think that we should read about war and witch them because it is a good way to learn our mistake.
if there is a bad picture or anything in it they took it off.
once that child becomes and adult they have all the rights to decide what they want to get from a library.
well the internet does.
or should we let them understand how it really works
some books have violence and crimes, others have love and romance.
all the facts are true ans i say about people in the world go threw computers every year think hard.
always open, cozy, and loving.
all there features of the setting, in addition to the overpowering heat and sun, drive the narrator to the breaking point.
removing a book from a shelf just puts the craving in the hearts of certain people to read it; sometimes completely rebelliously.
if you were lucky you could find a bit of what you were looking for.
the weather can change my level of ability sometimes.
dear local newspaper, have you ever gone somewhere, taken pictures, and posted them on the computer?
often, teenagers feel more powerful when they are using a computer.
this is really bad because you were on the computer.
the motivation is the flower, bringing back good people memories that made her happy and believed in her.
a visit to a book-fair will give them an insight into the world of intellectual power.
computers have a great effect on people.
there were not many boats on the river.
some people find books, music and movies offensive and not suitable for public libraries.
such as a family reunion, a family vacation and many more.
as road get worse chances get higher tumble weeds and snakes in the way, he was determined to win.
, but how often do you even see those people in real life?
like i said, everyone has there own opinions and views on life and everything in it.
according to a health magazine, tests shows that using a computer for two or three hours can make you lose your brain cells.
all freedoms are taken away by that one word.
all the members of his family work hard.
the third problem is when he needs water, he cant find anywhere due to the lack of buildings.
this be old fashioned, but there are an enormous amount of great effects for using pen and paper.
i got so tired from being on the computer for so long i took a nap.
could it be to much of a good thing?
above all else, people must be free to educate themselves, form their own opinions, and express themselves.
i know one of my friends love to get on the computer and stay on it for a long period of time.
i do not think they should remove materials from libraries just because some people find them offensive.
computers have been known to help develop health issues.
i believe there should not be any censorship in libraries.
newspapers publish articles, titbits, and many other things.
aunt only allowed us to watch one hour as a day, that included the computer.
mostly everyone does the same.
the people are spending way too much time and not benefiting.
but his attitude changes as soon as he sees the store.
did you want to hear your favorite bands new album?
they did so much for the author.
some people like to play games.
people under the age of are not permitted to be in this of the without a parent, or parent signature.
libraries are here to help and not to hinder our learning.
so, do we remove these things or let them stay?
remember that the computer be great from time to time, but it can not live your life for you.
animals in the setting can also be effective.
when i am studying i like to listen to music.
it is also an easy way to purchase items.
going off road or riding on a dirt road might be a challenge.
most of the news can be very offensive.
it was the bow of indra, the king of gods.
to this day, his family is still united and they all still love each other.
it is helpful, you can discover new things and much more.
these technological devices also create and sustain communication between family members and friends.
this caused the cyclist to become dehydrated.
well we can do something about that.
from their inventory for censorship.
no single person is forced to read a book they are offended by.
all the time.
people in this country have the right of speech.
i love the piano.
on a light note, they could just have an open mind so that the song, or the book, or the movie can still be sold.
at the moment she is just homesick, even if her home is the now.
now a days everyone is all stuck up and think that we should not see and or read bad, nasty, offensive things.
you might think that computers are helping society today, but you are wrong.
thank you for listening
so young children should not be exposed to these such things because it damages there mind at a young age.
just think about it!
he is a government servant.
studies have shown that of the people growing up with computers at home have a high paying job!
and make everyday tasks simple.
the camel is a large animal.
for me, it the whenever racism is a problem or else vulgarity is an obscene message.
if you need direction you can print them out off the internet.
it is grateful in a few ways.
people get offended by things everyday.
a curse word, a bit of skin, a controversial idea.
to each person that finds the material offensive, there are always ten people who do not find it offensive at all.
in school libraries the majority if not all of the library is devoted to children or teenagers.
these materials should be taken off the shelves because children reading or looking at these kinds of books and magazines in libraries should not be happening.
here is a quote from the text.
as long as the music is something positive, but there are all kinds.
you can tell by the way she knew what her gift was.
kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family.
music and movies are not that hard to control from them getting into the wrong hands.
this shows his happiness for his parents risking their lives for him to have a better life.
computers are a great source of entertainment.
should materials that are offensive be taken off shelves?should movies you loved and use to watch when you were a kid be gone in a instant?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the match was played in the playgrounds of our school.
s i think we are not.
luckily, there is light at the end of this tunnel.
this is about half the day!
in this generation everybody is rushing and computers.
that is why computers are not useful.
though people check these books out, many others find them either offensive or think they should not mix with every day books.
one reason is that it makes it easier to picture how the cyclist feels.
the computer is all about fun, you have millions of websites you can go on.
first, if we took away all the offensive materials off the shelves they would be empty.
the boatman came to my help.
he actually thought he might die.
well i would like to state my opinion if that is good with you.
some people, say that computers enable internet conversations between friends, and computers pass off information about faraway places and people.
censorship in libraries today, i believe, are not a big problem.
i thought this because even though they moved from the place they loved they have one thing that made them feel at home.
it shows the theme of the story really.
they talk to kids until they find out something like an address, phone number, school, and district.
and that is the mood of the memoir.
more often a market place is found in the town.
i know from experience that being active and going outside or exercising really makes you feel good.
from school fund raisers to the lunch menu its all there.
when she gets the chance.
i believe that even though some of these books or movies might have a couple of offensive lines or phrases that does not mean the whole thing is offensive.
certain materials in libraries should be removed.
do you want that for our youth?
nature is full with colours.
no matter how offensive they might be, there are many other ways to solve this problem.
she talks about how things should be taken of the shelf to prevent the children from seeing it.
of talking to your friend all the time.
that is one thing i do not like about computers.
we still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity.
the rolling hills in the story also affect the cyclist.
there were young black children striving to get a respected education in a white school.
this is because reading these books might put ideas into their heads.
books keep history alive!
could this be because of the lack of hand eye coordination of those students?
they also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all.
that is where my opinion will start, and tell why it is that way.
to looking at websites.
there are even movies that are like those books.
some people learn more about people from books.
even though it seems like everybody has a computer, not everybody does.
all of these can us research projects many other .
this is also good for jobs.
books are very important to learning and all books need to stay and not get blocked by parents.
also i believe that it is the parents' job to regulate what their children read.
this is a happy setting where the author grew up in.
my school is very good about this they see one flag it and put it in the back , but they still let you read it.
do you still think this has a positive effect on people?
these people are spending hours and hours in front of a computer getting heavier every day.
when you see things you want to do things just as the what the magazine.
another aspect of the setting that affect the cyclist are the rolling hills.
they are situated throughout the library for children, adults, and teens.
someone out there hates this book, and hated it from the day it was published.
in all aspects, these books could be considered a waste of my life.
the computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this.
thank you for listening.
it is an extremely tough situation to control his emotion for his family at the festival time.
animals are very faithful and helpful.
she closed her palm around it and held it tight.
in addition, computers have a positive affect on people because they help look up famous people, states, countries, and etc.
this unbearable heat, coupled with the crippling hilly terrain was enough to reduce the cyclist to a stale of severe dehydration.
so who am i to tell another person what they can and can not do.
i thought i had secured her in her bedroom, to go to sleep but to my surprise she was still woke!
books have been around for centuries.
i say, make life better and get rid of computers!
then at the end in seven his tone is once again loving and grateful.
when she came home, however, seeing the roots of the plant buried in the ground gave her new determination.
it shows that people should not give up because even though she failed her test then she will try again later to pass it.
nevertheless computers are fun to go on like playing addicting games.
computers can also keep you in from outside, to get fresh air and sunlight.
would mean more to someone if they found their own way and beliefs then having people tell them what they should and should not do or believe in.
in conclusion, people who spend too much time on their computer spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and families.
to take away any book or magazine that could be offensive to any group of people would be a large task.
when you read paragraph two, and how he describes the home, the author makes you feel happy.
there are so many different means of communication using the computer, which are all free.
after the wedding ceremony, the food was served.
within the each person there is a different color, religion, style, and personalities.
later on, his parents come home to see their son acting out of the ordinary.
there is nothing we can do about the expanding cultures in our country.
“the best day to accomplish something is the day before tomorrow”.
when someone wants to know more information about any place or anything, they go to the library and check out a book.
imagine your at work or school and you were asked to write a five page essay.
[pg. ]
no, having experiences is only half the point of living; sharing it is the rest.
in my opinion i am really thankful that we have computers.
using typing would save you this time and allow you to continue on with other important tasks that are needed to be completed.
lastly, computers help us stay close to our family and friends.
for example, on the day of the deadly earthquake in , most of the world found out within the hour from computers.
he says that, i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
i am not saying all magazines and movies are bad to our mind because they can also be helpful.
i can always change the radio station if i do not like what i am hearing.
obviously, being able to talk to some are over the computer is a useful thing to have.
sure, i could call them, but my phone bill would be through the roof!
once a kid owned a library card, they were allowed to check out any book they wanted out of the huge selection of items in a library.
the first stomach store the food that is not completely chewed.
because it give me and my friends something to do after school.
there are thousands of books in libraries now a days, some are from years ago.
sets such an ecstatic mood, that the reader wants to be there, at his home.
the speed limit was and he was going so it must have been hard to get over all the bumps.
the constitutional concept of equality of man plays into the situation as well.
how do you meet people from different countries?
visit with family and friends or even exercise.
so my overall opinion would be no.
its better that children learn at a young age and just trying to keep things from them will make them want it more.
this was very special to me and could not have been done without computers.
so i use computer, parents and i now communicate more than we used to.
if the setting was in a city surrounded by buildings the author would still feel some security even without water
those are my reasons why spending to much time on the computer is bad.
a home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, person, or culture.
have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen, on a beautiful day outside?
the way i see it is family, and computers are always going to be there but at the same time which one is more important.
profanity, and action are minor types of offense.
nature can be spared.
well, it makes life a lot easier and faster for people.
computer use is a growing problem.
her old country was so important to her.
secondly you can interact with people on the internet in many ways.
dear newspaper, you see, owning a computer can effect you.
lets say i was going to make pizza and i did not know how i would have to look on the computer how to.
students should have the right to make choose what they want to read, yet some people want to take that right away from students.
also have the choice to either pick up a type of book or not too.
i think that some material should be removed from the shelves if they are racist or contain unsightly images.
he said using the internet also saves more time.
is right to have censorship in libraries?
no this would not happen just because someone hates or dislikes something it could very well be something someone loves and enjoys.
some parents use the computer as a way to keep their kids quite, instead of taking the time to go outside.
the features of the setting made the cyclists journey even longer and more strenuous.
as it would only make sense to try to keep the peace.
not just physical skills, but computers help with research skills.
i also think that there are some things that can be done to help appease the argument.
in cities like tokyo, it is only at this time that the roads are not crowded.
from this, we can affirm that not only was at hot, the water was dirty.
then, as soon as the believers in hear about it.
the setting was pretty baron for the cyclist because he also come across a snake.
i feel as we are letting kids these days do as they feel, and do what ever they want.
it should not be censored.
students can connect to old friends from other places and even other countries.
i believe that it is unnecessary to remove items off shelves for offensive reasons.
he believed himself that he can be alive.
in about two seconds you should have fantastic results.
all these cereals are produced in farms.
they let us talk to people all over the world.
do you want a bad grades?
one feature included the first ghost town that he come by.
this could also have an impact on the censorship in libraries.
there are many things you can do on the internet.
the dew-drops on lush green grass and leaves of plants look like pearls.
a computer also helps a students interact with friends.
without the freedom of press, many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown.
the author this mood with his quotes that puts in.
i do not believe that censorship should be an option for people that find a book, magazine, or movie offensive.
i go in my room turn the computer on and there i go to google and look up what i need to know.
then decide whether or not it is offensive to even an adult audience.
plantation owners of the south raised a strong objection.
how can one specifically influence the beliefs of a child is only or years old based off of their personal selfish beliefs?
next, there is a lot of offensive things you can find in the library.
i can even see how my cousin in is doing.
scientific studies have shown that the internet has brought people closer than ever before.
materials found in the library are a form of expression to the individual who created them or to the society as a whole.
taking it off the shelves would be taking off those ideas as well.
for example, .
trying to take the book off the shelf or complaining about it would only take up more time.
it helps people understand what is going on in other peoples point of views.
every book, movie, , magazine, and any other thing, should be left for people to enjoy and hopefully you can find something you enjoy too
i understand that people might have been there first.
the author also put the paragraph to show how much her character has grow.
he mentions throughout the story, how he is so grateful for his family, like his mom and dad.
computers are a very helpful piece of technology that have helped me, and so many other people keep in touch.
so we say something.
i do this training because i play baseball.
my second reason is kids might have to look important things up.
communication every where is fast and easy with the computer.
the author is trying to give more depth and meaning to the study in this way.
i hope you chose to inform others with this information.
he is the master of his subject.
having computers will help raise a students grades and help them have a more successful life in the future.
', and ' now?'.
moreover, the children were bound to destroy these things in no time.
does that mean i want to totally rid the world of those certain materials?
no i do not.
computers are suppose to be fun for people of any age.
some passengers were polite and some were rude.
so i hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it.
he does not hurt the feelings of others.
computers is probably their or way they communicate.
i believe computers are very useful to everyone.
but is that enough?
i know my brother likes to go to concerts and buy himself the latest video games.
not even curse words.
you cry many tears and try to patch up the holes in you heart.
watch at least one or two episodes of television show.
once we reached there, our teacher helped us to select a comfortable place to sit.
i totally agree on that.
men, women, and children were playing there.
the cyclist also had a lack of water and when he found a pump he said it was black and tasted like battery acid.
if everybody just relaxed a little and focused on themselves, we would be fine.
there could be some stuff that people will think is offensive.
you can to other people that are or you can just on some websites such as , , and tons more.
had his dad come get him from the party.
these days its harder to not stay in touch than it to stay in touch.
this gives a mood of pride and great triumph.
another is when they are talking about the racism and other things but says how the neighbors have united.
i be angered by what i see.
if you have ever been to a bookstore or library you how hard it is to find the book your looking for.
the writer makes me feel joyful because it reminds me of what my family is like.
for example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish.
of people prefer looking up information on a computer than in a book.
we can avoid road accidents if we obey traffic rules.
obesity is one of the highest concerns in the country today.
illegal uses are involved and can draw in anyone with just s single click of a mouse.
with all the time spend on a computer in a stuffy, dark room, how will our bodies be maintained properly?
the mood in the story is very homely and happiness.
they do & whatever time they have left they chat with friends.
there are many people and places in the world that you still have to learn about.
that why i feel people are not spending too much time on the computer.
the way the author describes his family and his home gives the memoir a very warm, happy, and pleasant mood.
the landscape or features affected the author very negatively due to the lack of water.
in , a girl named was kidnapped and taken to .
kids today have a whole lot of options of books they can or cannot read in the schools library.
if you guy were to take computers away every one would be grumpy all the time.
we are on the brink of violence and total chaos.
the world would change for the worse if computers were abandoned.
the biggest company need an computer even the need them they are big in you company.
now that you heard my , i ask you to think about yours.
that is what family is about.
from the library that are offensive?
had a earthquake we went on websites for that.
although we have the amendments there are still restrictions on what we are aloud to publish.
this is also good if you business online.
people want to move forward but can we not make a compromise?
as you computers have a lot of positive effect on people.
i was visiting a prompt last week.
some people even take classes online.
why not learn from them and reflect?
people who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and that effects them negatively.
my most favorite flower is rose flower and orchids.
about seventy students can sit in the library.
i personally detest censorship.
the rough terrain and harsh weather took its affection on the unaware cyclist.
using computers has been very helpful to our society.
by not having censorship, everyone will be happy in the fact that they get to read what they like.
therefore, i want to follow the path of goodness and not evil.
in the memoir the author obviously seems to be grateful and thankful because he states it multiple times in the passage.
should public libraries have to censor some of the books, movies, and music they have on display?
i think it shows that the author not only had family in a nice house, but in the neighborhood as well.
this special area should be clearly marked with a sign that says ' content' and should only be able to be viewed by adults.
it was at the when i was years old.
also, interactions with family members & friends decrease.
the books are always the easiest way to get information but not when you are getting rid of them.
the rain stopped, the sun came out and the weather becomes very hot again.
well, it does in fact when you type.
how would you like to read or listen to something disrespecting and calling you out of your name such as, ' did you say to me '?
these skills can also help us do more things at once.
first, we can talk to people in different countries.
i hope that this essay will give the protesters a second thought on the topic they are bickering about.
how would the author feel about their material getting reported because of somebody getting offensive by it?
i have to earn to get a new phone or a laptop.
also, free ?
with over a billion different points of views residing all over the world, why should books that only a few select find inappropriate people be removed?
you just can use the internet for just about anything.
he talks about how everyone was an immigrant and faced segregation, but were always willing to lend a helping hand.
the computer is just there.
there are many bad things about the invention of computers, they give access to the internet.
thank you for your time.
with computers, people are the will exercise.
secondly, the cyclist started running out of water.
stop wasting your life people!
another big target for censorship in some countries is the .
one of my interests in reading, i had to research about how reading a simple back can be related to science.
just keep reading you never know how the story might go on.
in the memoir i think the mood the author creates is love for family.
well, they do.
you have to take things into consideration before jumping straight into conclusions.
dear local newspaper, i feel that the people using computers benefits our society.
if you do theirs something wrong with you.
the question is, should we censor materials in libraries if it is offensive?
they have books that a teen who normally read.
so for his birthday i decided an getting him a computer.
so she said she would try the test again.
libraries need to become a little more organized.
he boldly continues forth reaching new terrain, rolling hills.
specifically, baseball.
he respects the laws of the country.
this would be a wonderful thing to do they should not have stuff like that in a library in the first place.
i enjoy listening to music because sometimes songs can relate to you and make you fell that your not alone.
in conclusion i believe you should be able to check anything that is on the shelf.
lastly, those that think that these things are offensive are entitled to there opinion.
is that truly what people are doing at the libraries now, or are people there to look at vulgar books, magazines, and movies?
once the removing of books start there will be hardly any left.
the features of the setting affect him because it is hot and their is no where to go.
my next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online.
people need to enjoy their life!
reading this makes me feel grateful to live in .
how many people do you know.
also there is the television.
sometimes this can help you decide on rather or not to read it.
the material is not serious enough.
he was hitting his water bottle regularly that is why he needed new water.
people need computers to get updated on important issues, contact others and learn new information.
lastly, if you really want something or need it just shop online.
adults should have the option of reading any type of book they would like.
they will be able to do sample everyday asks much better.
some people like their music to talk about drugs or curse, why take that away from them?
your children will see it if they truly want to.
you can meet new people who can also give you good advice.
with computers you are able to plan your life with output.
those are the only bad things about computers.
most importantly people should become aware of themselves or people they might know or might know, knowing this putting into negative situations at them in harm.
i believe that people spend too much time on the computers.
so with the computer computer.
many people use libraries every day to research or simply to gain knowledge for fun.
now is the time.
music on the other hand, is offensive to many people.
this program is designed to help students improve their reading levels.
if someone is walking into a library, they have to be responsible.
in the censorship has almost never been present.
we also find water in the form of snow.
do i think objects in the library with offensive details should be cleaned up or taken off the shelves?
they split the white sunlight into its basic colours.
a lot of people agree that computer make life a lot easier.
being addicted to the computer is too.
shows that of people talk to other people over those websites.
computers give easy to the internet, which has so much information it is.
he later runs out of water, and becomes hopeless.
parents have the responsibility to monitor their children.
you can also learn about specific people if you type in their name in .
if there had been building he could have stopped and asked for more water and rested.
i could not help but ask, why he was taking such pains.
or simply if a friend cant get a ride to another friends house they on still talk on the computer.
click the next link and watch as a beautiful humming bird swarms across the screen of your desktop.
i want to lead a good life.
magazines in my opinion should be censored.
if there is a rally about a material in the library, next time think before you judge.
(unless you have a bad internet connection) you think these reasons are making a good argument?
normally the would have no idea whats going on but with internet the nation is involved quickly.
would you remove a book from a shelf just because it offends you?
obesity is not a hard thing to get rid of.
communication is pretty easy on a computer.
those , are over weight or obese.
do i believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
music should also remain in libraries because the artist did not put the lyrics in the song to bring the listeners attention to the offensive material.
if you read more you will see why i support these details.
why would you go outside if you could play life - like games on your ?
the charmer was a middle-aged man.
to me she sounds like a brand new person.
the hidden information could be helpful.
do i believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
i think spending a lot of time on the computer is not a good idea because has bad things online.
this action can help with sports.
i know our school library here at has always had problems with getting books back and not paying late fees.
music is an expression of life and censoring that would be like censoring emotion.
his parents also taught him to be kind to everyone, and treat everyone like family.
where one might find information, another might find it highly offensive and vice versa.
i just put an example out there of what i have seen.
even though you not want to hear about it, drugs and sexual content are always going to be in the surroundings of our children to see or experience.
i have many friends living in , and many cousins in , , over.
not up to me, it takes more than one person to do that.
just to make sure you get my point, let us recap.
throughout time, fellow people have struggled to censor or ban material that they consider offensive.
kids now find many internet sites online online more interesting than hanging out with family and friends.
setting the cyclists physical and mental state in positive and mental states almost equally in the story.
people just have to learn how to not use foul language when not needed.
some reasons why i think this are school work and business stuff.
computers can also be used for amusement.
cousins and i rarely see one another, but computers make it possible for us to stay connected.
there are a lot of racism being thrown around in books and songs and magazines but nobody takes that away.
these offensive items can not just be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them.
thank you for your time
if you do that you should be fine, and your kid will be the same.
people are spending too much time on computers.
for many families, though the series is nothing but a different world in which they can set themselves free from the real world.
music, movies, magazines, and books can be such a big part of peoples lives and taking these things from them is not right
finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews.
of have never gone out into nature.
the weather is warm and perfect for a town.
the author has spent so long cycling through heat, his brains starting to shut down.
and that their home was a place you could feel safe and protected.
new computers now have webcams.
there is one form of technology however, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern day living as we know it.
this is another reason computers are an impact.
not all magazine have something that can be use to educate.
like the beloved series by , many books and series are being taken out of libraries' collections due to people in society finding them offensive.
the last point i will be touching on this discussion is the loss of money that some of the schools have due to damaged books and stolen property.
some adults and mostly kids are not getting enough exercise, or even spending time with family.
another thing is that you could actually need your computer to stay.
first, in the present society everybody has different views and opinions on things that should be discussed.
we are living in an age of hurry and worry.
as a child did you spend all of your time indoors and online?
they both could have good ideas and functions to them.
was very proud of where he lived even though his house was not a mansion or even close to a big house.
i think they just need to suck up and move on.
you just keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing.
there was many features that affected the cyclist such as heat and lack of water.
this shows how she is adapting and is now enjoying her new life.
people that say they are helpful are just using that as excuse.
you can talk or web chat with friends.
the new advances in technology have had a positive effect on humans all over.
this is really helpful you want to learn about people from around the world.
in addition, they lead to a much lower amount of social interaction.
computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well.
the reason that the author had ended the story the way she did was to leave the reader on the last thought.
it makes the reader think of their family and their culture, and what and who they grow up with.
the hot sun beating down on him makes him sweat and makes him thirsty.
we are not forced to read that book or listen to that song or look at the magazine.
a computer is a very helpful resource.
technology be one of the greatest inventions that has come forth and be the best one that will ever be made.
people want these tools of ours to be removed this will only be the begin.
there on like for eight hours.
movies would be a major thing that they would have to watch out for.
books, music, movies, and magazines are all things people use for entertainment and study, something that everyone should have access too.
for example or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school.
i was so sad.
computers also help me out with homework.
i hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society.
if you have you will remember where you visited.
locating and researching, even going to different countries, even different continents is possible to do on the computer.
the same thing applies for watching movies and listening to music.
looking at places far away is always an option.
she puts in examples from the story that could help find these reasons.
the dry dessert makes him feel as if he were riding forever.
he returned to india.
the ending is a cliff hanger to show that her story has not yet completely ended.
it is nothing against public libraries, it is just the material inside of them.
many parents have different rules for their children then others, and they not agree with what is displayed among these shelves for their child to checkout.
i hope that society can think of the pros and cons of the computer.
do you think libraries should have the right to take books and movies off the shelves if they find it offensive?
you could go to their school website and check their grades in each class they have.
also, they wanted a better education for their children so they left family, friends, everything behind so they could restart their life.
positive effects computers have - are that they are quick and reliable, and they are fun to use.
my parents stand me in my house as they use the computer.
it is impossible to please everyone, so what should be done?
to catch up with friends, or to talk something with another.
in earlier times libraries used to be the place where you went to study.
this is only one way a computer comes in handy in every day life, there are plenty more.
i have also read books assigned to me at school that have had descriptions of sex and bad language in them as a third grader.
times in neighborhoods there are a lot of kids, you can start a pick of game of baseball.
online, you can go on any website and talk to people.
they live across the whole other side of the world.
books are not as innocent as they seem, anymore.
he calmly sat there answering their questions with such a patience that i was flabbergasted.
the author did it to symbolize things.
even though she failed the test she is still going to try again.
they could put in it in the back and whoever wants it and go ask for it.
dear newspaper, in my opinion, i think computers do benefit society.
when plants bud they are born.
the boatman brought us jump to the bank.
there is very little privacy offered and your page can just be put out in the public.
something that someone might find offensive might be interesting to someone else or they might have to do an report or project on it.
if we allowed anyone to censor a library then we would have no books to read, movies to watch, or music to listen to.
but there are so many benefits of a computer.
i do have to agree with because she is right.
have you seen the banned book list lately?
to whom it concern, computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even, bigger hindrance.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills so he had to pedal harder and would tire him faster.
i think that they should have to be of age to get the books in that section.
libraries are very educational.
taking it off the shelves for kids is what i think is the right thing to do but not adults.
first, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends.
another example is if people read about someone doing drugs in a book, they want to try and experiment with drugs themselves.
that just goes to show that one does not keep such skill in check, they could in fact cause a serious malfunction on a construction site.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, many of the features of the setting affect the cyclist on his journey.
you should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not stuck inside all day with your eyes glued to a screen.
they also have small teeth inside the mouth.
i think that computers are good.
we need to know what is going on around us, all the time.
do your eyes tend to hurt when your finally off the computer?
so yes, my final opinion is that libraries should, in fact, censor their books, or at least make an effort to.
therefore it was not removed.
in spring they will return to start over raise goslings, rebuild their home, start over from last spring.
it is impossible!
we also took along bats, balls, and other games.
i believe it has a big affect.
there are many reasons for overpopulation.
you could find out if it were landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those.
you can tell because is a different for than the others, and bad things happen.
these materials are taken in perspective by all different kinds of people.
you could learn how to do things or learn more information about a certain item.
today computers are like the worlds biggest book of knowledge.
it always has some kind of value.
in my opinion, i would say that computers have negative effects on us.
this remind him that hes not in a car, and that hes not even going half the speed limit.
those are just three reasons why you should not let people remove anything off of any shelves.
that is one way to put it but it is not exercise for your body.
should certain materials be removed from shelves?
also the rough road made it difficult for the cyclist to travel it.
other jobs people with computer experience can have would be an editor of movies or shows.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very sad, loving, caring.
then when he saw the building over the hills he thought he was home free.
this is so because he talks about his parents with a passion of love and respect.
in conclusion i believe that is we are bad for society.
the computer is just a great way to get information with out every having to leave your home.
would that not embarrass you?
in conclusion, computers do have a great effect on people.
i am most likely not the only one who feels pleased with the way libraries are now and feel no need to change what is good
the most beautiful part of its body is the long tail.
how could so much knowledge be named unhealthy, or have a negative effect on people?
he is terrified.
as you can see, the computer has an impressive list of entertaining for all ages, not to mention sites like or addicting games.
many children take advantage of this they rent books and games they know parents would never allow.
next, computers help other people learn about faraway places.
you can learn about faraway places.
i feel it is better to play outside with your friends than sitting in a chair playing on the computer.
but why read a book?
therefore, we can protect their innocence and fellow youth.
if i were the cyclist gazing at the sign i would die just knowing there was trouble up ahead.
you might not know it hut all the communications in the world need a .
they are a magnificent thing.
daily exercise while having fun beats just having fun on a computer.
it can solve a math problems easily with a built in calculator.
hibiscus is everything far her.
it was the parents faith at the struggles would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times.
the author concludes the story of paragraph with the paragraph because it show the connection of nature and the girl.
but most importantly, it is very unhealthy.
censorship in libraries just hides certain things from society.
they were starting to get hot, than tired.
my second reason is that it allows people in far away places to connect.
a few different moods went on in the story but one of the most important was loving.
????
there are about thirty students in my class.
if education is not what you seek, you can then use the internet to have fun when you are bored.
the glowing realization that i could die from a heat stroke, this quote proves the time and energy of the rider is running out.
computers could also hep us find more efficient way.
this shows, despite what happened, he was might are on a nice day outside giving him an optimistic attitude.
the narration says not like the kind we had ].
i always missed the tennis ball in matches.
whenever you watch television you see a commercial about online colleges because they are trying to tell you to go to school online.
i once rented a movie expecting it to be a scary thriller about a killer in a trailer park.
people should get off their butts and go.
computers can teach you a lot.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
then came large rolling hills which created a challenge, the cyclist needed to muster up enough energy to continue.
i think the mood in the memoir is love.
and now, he is grateful that they have enough money to have a bigger home.
he thought that he was going to die.
when it comes to libraries, there are very few materials that should be banned.
children do what they see and hear, so they are liable to try and cop harmful things they read .
i feel that if you tell someone that they can not do a certain thing that will only make them want to do it more.
another reason that it is family is because that is what he felt every one was to him.
i have a cousin who is and he plays games on it all the time he even knows how to search something on the computer.
must teach for others to learn.
the next day i got a note from home informing the librarian that i could read the book.
walking up and down isles looking at all of the books, and wishing that they were all more interesting.
computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you need times in life.
according to the essay features of the setting affect the cyclist.
computers have an effect on people but in a negative way.
as i mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications.
the first reason why clearly, computers are not benefiting people is because they can cause unhealthy symptoms.
i like buying off the internet.
many people might agree with the author about what she thinks about this.
no parent should have to worry about what their child might pick up.
people can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans.
makes any task difficult because the sun drains a persons energy.
i support this because computers can let you talk to people that are faraway from you.
is that the right choice?
, itself has influenced computer use.
usually kids like chatting on instant message just for the pleasure of talking to your friends.
are growing fast they are meant in be active and playful and without any active sport like dancing nor basketball they are going to grow big.
the winter hibiscus could still survive even though it was not in the land where it belonged.
ho ends her story in hope of a new beginning.
when this memoir is read the mood of love is expressed.
hearing the waves, & laughing ocean waters, and feeling it cool as the is just heaven.
it shows that she is strong willed and wont give up easy.
think about it.
there are ratings on movies for a reason, so why not use them.
magazines are like books in away.
everything looked very small.
this advancement in technology has made the century the most modern era this world has ever seen, and is beneficial to society.
people that think those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills ().
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to emphasize her new found determination to overcome her obstacles.
or you can find out what is happening with your sister who lives in .
for example, when shes in the greenhouse, it takes her back to her childhood, it was like walking into another world.
a good idea is to separate the books, put the ones that seem offensive in the back.
why not use it?
freedom of is our birth right and we should be aloud to say or write anything without being censored.
by remembering these mistakes, mankind will be able to move forward in literature.
i also think that you should be prepared before walking into a public place where they have all kinds of reading material.
if we removed both types of books from the shelves for being offensive, we would not have religion or modern science.
so finn runs away from the custody of his father and meet another boy.
i love to spend time with my friends and family.
he had no other way of figuring out about how to handle fights, drugs, and alcohol unless he read about them in a book.
nobody is forcing you to view it, but on the other hand nobody can force you to stay away from it.
believe it or not, using a computers is unhealthy, and not beneficial, in more than one way.
usually computers can do much more good than bad, and can make a persons life much easier.
computers have changed the way we research and finish school works.
dear , the things we learn at such a young age really need to be changed.
media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do.
all in all, the setting seems to have the intention of king him.
there are many great activities you can do such as reading a book.
after he talks to the old men and starts on his ride to the town there is no one around.
if a book or movie was offensive to a group of people, then they burned the books.
yet there is still another reason that this would not work out well, and would not be a good idea.
her mother then wipes the green matter of and asks her to plant it.
do people take books?
its easy, type in what city you want to work in, and there you go.
computers teach hand eye coordinator by training your hand to go where your brain tells it to and where your eyes show it.
when everything turns back she will take that test and move on.
many simulation programs are used to help people in their lives.
another affect are the hills.
in conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on society.
dear local newspaper, i strongly believe computers can be bad for society.
with the coming up of courier services, e-mail system, the postmen are losing their charm.
for example, a person be offended if a book talks about a certain topic while another person thinks nothing of it and reads on.
not their choice though.
they change the medical field too.
that is, as long as you are not on too much.
one subject the censorship of library content in certain places and times, whether fictional or not, to his or her own opinion.
do you believe that books, music, movies, magazines, and articles should be taken off the shelves at stores just because people find it offensive?
, it is not a bad thing that students go on the computer.
its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country.
its all out of respect to people who are wanting to be in a quiet area.
you need your daily intake of oxygen.
the snow melting will tell her that it is now spring.
one of the much enjoyed pieces of technology.
it also benefits society because in a couple years everything will be computers.
he talked about the cheerful house, people and neighborhood.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist, because there are no cars, building, water, or people in sight.
avoiding such problems is easy, keep the books and all other material in a library on the shelves.
therefore i have determined to treat the poor people without any fee.
as a child is grows up, they are obligated to follow certain rules or take authoritative matters seriously.
the hibiscus hedge?
even if your not doing school work, you can find anything on the internet.
computers should disposed of before they cause the end of the world.
that is messing up the relationship with your family.
water had gathered there.
the first five planets are named after roman gods.
people have opinions; people disagree.
they learn how to exercise.
its appeal both to the eyes and the ears is great.
people can hack into almost everything.
over all, the author kept the mood lively and definitely happy, although the happiness went on through difficult times like segregation.
we should have the maturity to look away instead of demanding that it be removed.
before i began communicating with my computer talking to others was much harder to do.
he makes everything sound really nice with every one crowded in the dinning room to eat.
the answer to that question is easy.
let finished up.
he could or been sad person.
i remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was last day to do it.
you have to be over years of age.
most justifications for censorship would not stand the test of time.
through the computer, people are able to send messages to each other.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
no little kid should be looking at or reading those books or movies.
people often say that computers and technology are bad for you, but yet i think they have helped our society out very well.
you spend about more or less on the computer each day, but good reasons.
in the long run, doing more things by computer instead of on paper will save billions of trees!
then probably on his merry way to his destination.
its that persons right to choose weather or not it is age appropriate for them or not.
if you find something offensive, be mature, put it back and find something else to read, watch or listen to
exercise, hike, swim and bike.
they can however now just get them on the go.
if literature keeps being censored, there will be none left for future generations to enjoy.
what if you would like to buy a plane ticket to to help?
when he got to the party, everybody began to drink.
getting rid of material is not the answer.
it traveled at a good speed although there was a lot of traffic on the way.
did you know that out of homes have at least computer in their home?
first, kids should not be watching rated movies or even if it has vulgar content, sexual content, violence, and etc.
last reason is you need a computer to put music on your players.
think of what not having a censor on the libraries can cause.
i have a computer, but i can only go on if after i finish my homework.
avoiding something helps you to not read them or think about them.
what choice are you choosing for you life?
the nature and wildlife is much more important.
she is showing optimism toward the spring and is willing to face a challenge.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you to talk about the effect computers have on people.
the fact that he is traveling through desert terrain also helps us realize that water is scarce.
the line i had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly shows that he is drinking a lot of water and is running low.
magazines are meant to tell the truth and sometimes the truth is hard.
it is a free world.
computers are a way to increase responsibility, too.
people have there own choice on what they want to read , watch,or listen to.
and very generous because her parents moved for her education.
its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air.
email messages send instantly to anywhere.
but what about theaters you ask?
the crockery is kept neatly on the shelves.
computers are a great way to do reports, talk to friends & family, & also to research things you have needed to know.
he wants us to obey the law of the land.
get off or it.
first, you can learn about places you want to go to.
after the fork he kept going and he then faced another problem.
so as you can see, i that computers benefits society in plenty of ways.
with very little water.
heat, abandoned roads, snakes all are reasons that affected the cyclist.
they have all types of game systems out there just for computers.
i think that the computer has a good effect on people as well as it being a helpful piece of technology.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist, in the story do not exceed posted speed limit, in many ways.
it talks about how they will never forget the memories and how generous their parents where.
dear local newspaper, personal experience, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
if kids would want to rent a movie then they would have to have a permission slip signed by their parents and returned.
you have to pay for the gas plus you have to drag yourself out of the house to get in the car to go to the library.
is clearly a debilitating factor as is direct sunlight and humidity.
movies always have ratings, so staff could put anything rated or above on those shelves.
everyone can go for that goal!
also, i hope people can still have their rights and not let a couple people take it away from them.
the computer also helps you to learn.
now, it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for!
all around the libraries are doing a good job with how they handle it.
in school you are not offered what you want to read.
seeing that elementary kids are not as mature as say an adult, or a high school student, their level of reading is not as advanced as ours.
dear local newspaper, well many others, i believe computers are not only good, but beneficial.
this means that that he is so relieved that he has finally found water and he wants to thanks the owners of the bait shop for providing it.
a setting the cyclist faces is that its so hot he keeps taking (drinking) water, and worrying that he is going to run out.
she believes that since it is winter and the hibiscus is not budding, that cannot pass the test until it is.
next spend less time enjoying nature, very important.
there are all types of websites you can go on to talk and hang out with with all of your friends and family.
clearly, the ability to contact is a great reason why computers need to be kept.
ignore the adds on the television or computers that have more than what you need to know in them or if they make you feel uncomfortable watching them.
there are meth labs all over for meth.
show just look online you will find it.
next, computers can help you learn new things online.
that would be sad and you would want them to see the movie or book you did but they cant.
but, if young people start using computers sooner then in life it will make it easier to get a better job.
no one would have any food to eat at a restaurant, at school, or any where else not even at home.
this can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop.
for me i like to learn a bout crocodiles in .
but what happens if it is not a man at all but in fact it is a child?
if my library had done its job and given me the guidance i sought, i would have grown so much more easily.
they have websites that let book whatever kind of flights you want.
censorship is taking away crucial pieces of knowledge that we must understand to get along in society.
it will help us out so much for everybody future .
you can talk whenever, wherever, with the great invention of computers.
so do you over your own child.
he is very intelligent.
they are so much fun to play and what i am talking about is video games.
he wanted to get as far as he could.
i listen to rap music all the time but i never let it influence me because i want to be successful in my life.
the mood of the memoir was brought to life when the author described the rich culture in his home.
why would anyone want to put this kind of material in there masterpiece?
i remember in grade when i had a math midterm.
parents might not want their children to see certain books or movies.
computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health.
he lost almost all hope when he reached an old and destroyed grape juice factory.
with all of us being different all over the world.
watch certain movies because they scare there kids.
social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer.
lots of people own these kinds of movies.
computers are the best things that have ever happened to our society today.
i go to school daily by bicycle.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show she is not giving up on her new home or forget her old one.
there is always that one person out of the bunch who has something negative to say.
but then at last he came to a building that gave him relief and more confidence in himself.
as i was not well, he took my brother.
it is how others think about what is out there in these libraries not what you think
playing sports can also help you get stronger.
you cannot always trust internet sources.
told me that.
computers have become something that people depend on.
out people who store their pictures in a computer agrees this is the best way to do .
i noticed that even when my friends go away, they can still stay in touch because of their computers.
what would people have to read when those books tell us about what went on in the early days, such as slavery, automobiles, and etc.?
they came to for him to have a better life.
and a plus you can communicate with people from all over the world.
he said if it looked like i was going to lose consciousness for the last time.
i think people should be able to have a choice.
if the audience is mature enough to handle it, they should be able to watch it.
the most important thing i think he talked about was how he learned to love in paragraph .
such features of his surroundings played a large part in the authors change in mood.
internet is great for communication.
first reason of why i think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination.
the reason i support this is because i like to look up history about and pioneer who have changed humanity.
to begin with, censorship simply the banning of certain things that are thought to be offensive.
some scenes can get out of control and there is no stopping it.
to whomever this concern, your life without a laptop or a desktop computer.
the definition of library is a place where people can read and check out books from library and return them when they please.
you can just take that person out of the world.
if you take every offensive word out of a book, chances are it is going to be hard to sit through it.
for example i read a very famous book called the of by .
the third reason is for help.
if lawmakers give in to the complaints of a few people it could hinder a students rights and make students believe that they are not trusted.
reason why i am concerned that people using the computer a lot.
you can google the book and find an online copy of the book, so you make the grade on that paper.
the feeling in this article when it talks about family is love, peace, happiness, and gratefulness.
if people started taking certain things out of there book stores libraries it would eventually get out of hand.
it is safe and saves all the trouble of calling on the phone.
this shows that things do change but they are also the same.
depends on the parent.
for one your eyes will begin to hurt.
also, people can see pictures on the computer.
all these ways and more that computers have impacted us.
the story is very emotional and expresses a great deal of sorrow that is overcome in the end.
however, many people have proven that too much use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the internet.
libraries are for children, and adults of all ages.
then at libraries there are also those books and magazines.
he is clearly grateful for his enviable childhood, and cares dearly for his selfless parents.
in my opinion i think that computers have a good affect on people.
people control their own actions.
we all like different things.
that is why computers have a negative effect on people.
argue that the glass is half empty while others argue it is half full.'
censorship, what does that mean to you?
faith-healing cured many patients miraculously.
statistics show that more than of have gained weight due to not exercising and their grades have dropped on grading scale.
the first girl asked.
if you let periods of time then will help you with hand eye coordination.
the feeling of generosity comes from the selflessness the parents had for their kids, friends, and family.
people should be able to read what they enjoy and not be ridiculed for it.
i like the saying sticks and stones break my bones but words will never hurt because it says if your offended then get over it.
the conditions of the road in the settings affect the cyclist because the roads are rough.
for example, when he asked the old guy about the place he was going to he said i have my own map.
however, are some books just too much to handle and should not be read?
no one world like a child who is bent on harming others.
if your always happy on the computer.
of the recently took a survey at the , agree computers are the main source of hand eye coordination.
instead of walking or driving to the library to find a book about ; they can simply go online and type in under a search engine.
computers help out with finding out what the weather is and everything you need to no.
everyone has their own perspective on how they think and if staying on the computer all day is a good thing.
my second reason is that computers let you talk to family or friends that live faraway.
lastly, who realize the importance of exercise tend to participate in sports, to stay active and have fun.
if you go computer dead then it will slowly start to take over our lives.
there are many entertaining website online that you can go to when you bored.
and every made in this world has internet capabilities.
out of have at least two computers in the house for a reason.
have you notice that is coming and there is leaves on the tree now?
dear , computers are an amazing piece of technology, but some people are beginning to abuse the .
computers are often helpful to those with special needs, and .
the hibiscus plant in the florist shop brings back painful emotional memories for her, but at the same time, s very comforting.
are we not a for the people, by the people?
they check you, attendance, grade, phone number and schedule.
the internet, however has made it quick and easy to talk to people online.
parents commonly try to get their children to stop playing certain games.
nothing has stopped them from living life how they chose.
lastly, why is that everyone time i turn on the radio, there is always a song that is not right for anyone to listen to.
however, if we had the right to remove things we do not like we will ruin the enjoyment for others.
but, we you create this you child has to give a parents email address were they have to read the following terms to chose for their child.
part of what make a good work great, is its ability to stir up controversy among its readers.
no the material is held under lock and key, but it is also left to lay at a child high shelf that would seem appealing to them.
and the positive effect of a computer is it allows you to keep in contact online with friends and family instant messaging and email.
taking books off a shelf at libraries because someone thinks they are offensive?
computers also can be used for communication.
to conclude, the internet holds a very strong role in our daily lives.
why does the world continue to put up with computers and their negative effect on humanity?
its not like your going to stop your son from looking at a .
the second thing that came into play would be the hot weather which made dehydration come into play.
the ending used was meaningful and showed what the author was truly trying to convey
not only racial slurs can offend people, but profanity can make someone disappointed.
my last reason why computers are good is that kids like playing games on them.
next, the reason the geese are mentioned in the final paragraph is to tie in the fact that she is getting used to because the geese sound familiar.
meeting people over technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk.
when she feels that an important part of her life is returning, that she can become comfortable and focused.
whether it be a book, movie, or a song, someone somewhere will be unhappy with it for some reason.
the computer is not evil - quite the opposite!
that was a thoughtful choice from as well instead of announcing it on news.
they just should not offend somebody to be a good song or a really great movie.
as soon as i return home, it wags its tail to welcome me.
because writers do this, makes a connection with the reader that they can understand and relate too.
in the story it is said there was a sign that said rough road ahead.
no book should be removed because someone find it offensive.
happiness is a mood that the author tells you about.
when our friend or relative is sick we wait for the postman.
my grandmother shared a memory about when i was learning to read.
without the internet this would almost be impossible.
for example some people play world of war craft get addicted and cant stop!
since are than our cable provider, we were able to look up.
pride hath a fall.
the a very detailed book and has many great facts in it, but many people find it offensive because it says had a wife and had children.
there are several features that the cyclist encountered, and all of them affected the cyclist.
he carries a stick and whistle in his hand.
if only certain people are going to complain about it its not really a big deal.
so many communicating things make computers even better.
soon after that, he did not see anything.
instead of banning certain media, one should label said media with a warning.
instead he just saw the same rusty color of dirt and the occasional snake.
using things like , , , and video chat.
lastly, more time on computers means less exercise.
is an old family friend of mine.
when an author must take this into consideration.
libraries censor certain books if they believe them to be inappropriate for young children.
finally, the cyclist reaches a small bait shop, and all hope is returned as he drank deeply from the sink.
in conclusion as stated the library is a great place to hang out and just to relax.
so yes i do their.
you could learn which college is right for you without leaving your house.
the weather can effect if it is rain or weather the road are messed up he could get a flat.
every book represents some aspect of human life and records it for future generations to avoid previous mistakes.
, you should be able to read any book, listen to any music and watch any movie you want right?
although this is true, i believe that there are many more valid reasons not to use censorship in libraries.
instead, the child should talk to a parent about the censored item.
unplug yourself from your computer.
i never could type but i caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn.
there will be more teen mothers than there are needed.
i got really mad when i read it so i threw it down the took it to the library and complained to them.
he could suffer from heat exhaustion.
this is because everyone has different views on everything.
in cities, the air gets mixed with harmful gases from factories and vehicles.
the cyclist takes advice from some old guys and ends up wishing he never did.
action, strategy, puzzles, and many more.
people can stay away from those areas that they find offensive.
some people seem that it might be cool to be just like her.
just think a sales person for instance.
the can helps in ways also.
if you have a favorite sports team, band, or are interested in a famous figure, you have tons of information on them at your disposal.
dear , a student of the local middle school technology is utilized to the fullest.
well a friend of mine used to go outside everyday went outside to play.
everyone has most likely seen this type of protest or attack on the opinion of another person.
how would i study?
in this environment everything looks the same for miles.
some colleges can be found on the internet and you can go to college at home on your computer.
secondly, !!!
the story tells about the girls transition into the different culture.
there are many things you can do that a computer can do and better.
the staircase should be by the circulation desk.
but she is able to realize that this is her new home and everything is becoming more familiar to her.
first, you can learn so much about nature online.
furthermore, of parents agree with experts that spend way too much time on the computer but less time with friends.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by unexpected things happening.
when you write a paper do you want to have to write it once then go back and write it more times?
there are also educational purposes for computers.
it takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to.
if you ever need to set information that not have to through the of book,then, a computer is the thing for you.
about every two years a kid or parent could go throw a computer.
things should still be out for the public to read or see.
it makes them feel good.
say yes to computers good effect!
back then before computers if you wanted to talk to your friend you would have had to send a letter.
get off that computer it is .
(par ).
did i convinced you yet?
that is why the author ended it like she did.
we all need a little inspiration in our down spiraling lives, and we need education.
it would be a terrible place.
third and last, interact with your family and friends.
you should be able to have freedom without removing anything from anyone.
nothing that is what we could .
he was wearing a worn out chappal and had a red scarf round his neck.
removing books off of shelves in our public library?
and when it comes to music their parents need to be very careful what they let their kids listen to.
also sets that mood when describes her traditional home.
the movie makes fun of the bad guys.
one of the boys calls out, hey, look at his and the rest of his family rushes to his side.
the people that censor could be wrong about the content of the material.
offensive literature, sexual content, disagreeable topics.
talking to others online can give you good communication skills and you can get to know different people.
in my opinion, everybody should be a part of some physical activity.
they will one day take over.
for example the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you did something on it you would put in cardboard card.
that seems fair enough.
it just can not be avoided.
so, if we learn about an entire subject which happened in another country but effected the entire world should we not learn about our own faults in history?
be wise of the kind of movies and books you leave around the library.
with censorship in libraries this would keep the little kids from acting the way they do in a book.
they have libraries so you can pick out books (and other materials) that you like.
it enveloped you into its world, and you felt every sensation it offered.
the last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because it removes the availability of the book from an interested reader.
something offensive like a cuss word is not going to keep someone from finding the meaning of the book.
i believe in not allowing censorship in libraries.
when your supposed to be vacationing in .
just because they do not like the content, does not exclude all others from enjoying it.
like i said, we can make a certain section for them type of things.
the streets turned into small streams.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
i believe that the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
people and life are now smarter quicker, faster, and easier.
did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand eye coordination.
in fact, you can get millions of great recipes.
you can contact the people there with computers!
for examples my pictures of my baby cousins so people can see how their growing up.
plane and simple.
i looked up information on the internet instead of using a book just to learn that the facts were actually highly in accurate .
computers are getting in the way of everything!
they help make more product in less time.
that is a fun way to connect with others like relatives you have never met or that live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc.
obviously, the later of the is much more reasonable.
do people have the right to limit self expression?
the positive effect makes the cyclist healthy and safe once again.
what experiences did you have?
we packed a small bag and went to the airport.
there was a toy train for children.
secondly, kids in school use computers to do homework, class work, research for projects, or to go and study island and education.
in the text is say it can make through the cold months.
also, depending on how long you are on the computer for.
during the whole time that there is death in the air, the desert with nothing growing, no water, the cyclist is thinking about his death.
another part of the setting would be the obvious element of temperature.
he barely makes it to the third town to realize that the juice factory was out of business.
holidays provide a great chance to students.
i really liked the adventure books such a the boxcar children and books like that.
she will feel ready to take her test again when they came back.
i believe the author set a very personal mood in this story.
also of students say that they usually go online to study or get the pages for homework.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
you could never lose touch!
the author describes the hardships his parents had to go through like adjusting to a colder climate in not getting good jobs.
this affects him because he is sweating and he is running out of water and he could possibly become dehydrated.
the scene was frightening and i had no courage to get inside the train at all.
sounds great right?
true, people do protest laws, and with good reason.
all work and no play makes jak a dull boy” is an old saying.
books can be fiction or nonfiction.
so she now was determined to battle the odds as well and retake the test she failed.
now friends and families can talk to each other over the ease of the computer.
i would get so mad, i would put the book down and walk away.
this is because a lot of the games can be to much fun, that it can be find a game and play it all the time.
you can tell at first the mother is disappointed & then as they talk the are planting which eases the mood.
the dry desert affected the cyclist because these was no water and the cyclist was dehydrated.
also you need save your reports for your school or work.
next, is that you could be outside enjoying nature.
i suppose that is why i am so involved in this issue and the reason for this informative article.
reading is a way of learning.
all and all, this is an issue that can be easily avoided by eliminating computers.
would you want to spend you money on some thing that did network?
talks about the immigrants in the area and how they come together with their different backgrounds.
another reason i do not think that we should take out book and magazines in our libraries is, not everyone is offended by the same thing.
another bad feature is the endless amount of abandonment towns and spoiled water.
you could lose them with snap of you fingers by spending more time focused no the computer, rather than your friends and family.
the boundary for censorship is very opinionated and should not be dictated by a single group.
dear local newspaper, in town use the computer for at least five hours each day.
not only do the features of the setting affect the cyclist physically by dehydrating him in the heat, but also mentally.
another thing is people learn to take care of things a computer is worth a lot of money.
this quote made me visualize the scene, and i felt happy to think about the beautiful and enjoyable setting.
with only abandoned buildings, if any, water was unavailable, which made the journey more tiring and physically straining.
over all i think that libraries just need to reorganize there books, movies, and magazines.
they would most likely to tell people to not get it and tell the school that they were offended by the material.
also, some books be needed for research.
the author is very grateful for all that his parents did for him.
there nothing to loose.
the taking away of these books takes away the freedom to read anything you want.
racism happens in books all the time.
the computer can you in many interesting ways.
some kids even get killed because they go out and try these dumb ideas they got from the book and or movie.
people think computers cost too much, but you find them for they almost any price range.
lastly, the effects people have from computers are good because computers allow people to talk with people from all around the world.
dear , the world forty years ago.
the poor people have more children.
in conclusion, the setting affected the cyclist in this story.
her tone tells the mood by writing with passion.
i have a friend that moved to last year.
this is what happiness really is.
he used pebbles that he had found to put in his mouth to help circulate the saliva he had in his mouth.
the rough road made it harder for him to pedal; therefore, he was working harder and getting thirsty.
if you are a shy person this can help you.
but on the other hand i can see how some people can get offended.
even though there are factors like age, beliefs, and knowing what you are going into, i think these materials are just bad for everyone.
censorship in libraries will always be changing.
why is that?
this helps you because if you are a kid you have a big project; you will be able to finish it on time.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
how about the capital of a state that visit, slipped your mined?
because you have to start your whole life over so you can get a job and provide for your family.
if you do not want that article or piece of writing to be seen by certain audiences, then do not put it on a public display.
this also adds a cozy feel to the environment.
here lies the problem.
it is a privilege that if taken away would tear a part.
she understood that she too would be able to do so and not think things like big here would be strange anymore.
in the memoir the author creates a mood that is calm and comfortable.
lastly, another negative effect computers have on people is there is less interactions with family and friends.
they steal the user away from the outside word.
computers allow us to conduct business with foreign countries without having to go there.
is this really what you want?
communication plays an important role for a civilization or society.
we call them desert.
in the student body in class of ' at high school, most of the students quit school before they could finish senior year.
he is the captain of our cricket team.
that same day i came across a younger kid approaching his father with a book about sex and one about killing.
many people are always on one of those, instead of talking in person.
and are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states.
you can learn a lot from a offensive show, you can learn what and what not to do.
so in the end they have mad a home and a relationship together and with other people.
because you are not doing nothing, just sitting in a chair in the computer getting fat.
my uncle has named him brownie.
we shall follow the wrong path if we have a liking for any of these.
computers help people find a nice spot to travel.
i believe it should be a persons choice to read something or not and if they find it offensive, they should simply put it down.
computers usually make things worse.
they can open a whole new world to learn and be entertained but also a world of inappropriate items.
they also have different areas where you can find movies or magazines.
the author portrays his love for his parents when he explains how selfless they were in immigrating to , and sacrificing so much for the sake of their children.
this is the same case with other populations of people.
in addition to learning about new things the internet allows you to friends.
the importance of computers in the modern world.
there was a rather large snake in his path.
computers have been rapidly changing too.
they help people of all ages.
here, the home is described even more as a part of the family, less is a building.
some of you who are reading this would say yes, but why?
people were already becoming lazy because of television.
why not go out side and throw a ball to one another?
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness and love for family.
they are also avoiding nature outside, and losing contact with family and friends.
about half way through the paragraph was when the memoir started to get very .
kids & adults are constantly getting addicted to it.
so we people say that the computer.
most magazines have the same principles as movies do.
just to think that it was all because of one computer.
yes like the writer said the world is a fluid place.
people find it easiest to buy something with the click a mouse.
to her the geese symbolize her life in life in and how she has became accustom to it.
also, you communicate with people around the world.
people should have the freedom of speech but not in an offensive manner.
this program also has a spell check, a punctuation check, and a check for mistakes.
when the terrain began to change, he writes, sometimes life can feel so cruel, he grows despairing as he faces new terrain with so little water.
books are a way that people can express themselves with out actually going out and hurting someone or something.
when i see that, i think, ' if a child saw this?'
do a adults and kids spend to much time on the computer?
libraries should keep the materials cause the people of the world should know how it feels to be offended.
get away from the computer and bond.
when people go on the computer they go on without worrying a little bit.
he praises the good work done very by them.
so the setting in which the main character was riding had a huge effect on him.
more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
as i anxiously started reading my book, i found language, drug abuse, and sexual content.
what, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them?
not everyone is going to like the same things or be interested in all the same movies or books.
is where about half of the libraries money is being made.
all i am trying to get at is that good books with bad language should not be censored just because of some of the words it has in it.
but this is not possible without hard work.
i even became friends with them.
this winter, i experienced the coldest night of the season.
then there is email which can send letters, photos and comments.
so get outside!
the cyclist is worried, he is not yet depressive and pessimistic.
magazines, music, books and movies are mainly for entertainment.
this idea relates to my first idea, but i will speak some of it again.
my grandfather gifted me this car last christmas.
there are a lot of television shows and movies in the world that are much more graphic that books and magazines.
the second day of this festival is a special day.
for example he feels dehydrated and tired because he is riding through the desert and has a lack of water.
for those parents or people who disagree with what is shown on the shelf.
first our parents read us books to get us to go to sleep.
he sets a very specific mood in this memoir which is everyone coming together.
your culture is a part of the mood of the story.
the features of the environmental setting is affecting the cyclist.
so why take away what they like?
yes i agree, every material has something in it that another person does not like.
his parents perseverance is the basis of his life today that taught him great lessons.
when i was younger and i said that i was going to read a book, i was really reading one.
there are running program held at our local beach, , where you can exercise or even run a small competition!
a couple years ago i can remember reading an article in the newspaper about a kid shooting his father in the head.
you can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them.
research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people.
also, in , he describes how his neighborhood was like a family.
computers, as you can tell, are extremely helpful, easy, and fun to use.
in the story rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the cyclist is affected by the setting in many different ways.
these are some internet sources that are to answer questions.
people who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there.
now humans are capable of spreading info around the world in seconds.
windows and programs will really benefit you in your need for school help.
finally, our world could be better if offensive media were abolished altogether.
the physical strain of avoiding a snake in the middle of the road and the dangerous terrain just put him in a more grading position.
means that their will probably be some naked and sexual play into the video or song.
because it will help everyone learned about new things.
the police came and made a thorough search of the house.
this because computers do tasks such as helps research, communicating with others, and has fun games and websites.
how could children stay on the computer when there in school learning?
i believe that the same should be done for books.
my own brother became so addicted to computer games that he played one game straight for hours straight.
you could be talking with your friend and seeing them right on your computer just with a click of the cursor.
censorship in public libraries is wrong no matter how you put it
the computer is also to everyday life and is very useful for learning new things about far away places and people.
she is so focused on the computer screen then what is going on around her.
that is my opinion about censoring things from libraries.
it is a faithful companion.
using computers too much will have a bad effect on society.
to , computers have made life easier for almost every person who has one.
on the computer there are many ways you can communicate with other people.
they not get to check out items for free like at the library, but it will be safer for the children and young teenagers.
they allow you to learn new things, are very helpful for school and work, and they can keep family an friends connected.
this shows the mood is all about love.
luckily by next day my temperature came down to normal.
for example, books.
also, the internet can help bring couple together and potentially lead to marriages.
i study in s.d.
if everyone has the right to remove certain books that they find inappropriate, there not be anything left for people to read.
computers provide entertainment to people.
while removing books for reading be going to far, things such as movies could go the other direction.
we should not start swimming without thinking about our experience and depth of the river.
allows people to talk to family that lives far away, and it also helps to make new friends.
most media is viewed, because of the inappropriate material appearing in their shows, books, and music.
do not take the opportunity for a child to learn what really matters away.
these words create a very sweet, loving, and gracious mood to the memoir.
how can you tell when someone is of a mature age?
one could hear people grumbling or cursing their fate.
books can be learning in many ways.
i recently attended the wedding of a friend.
of those kids are too involved in their compute games.
but some do not think that the libraries should be putting stuff there if they are not going to let any one touch it or check it out.
freedom to say anything they wish to get off their mind and express individuality and opinions.
censoring does not always allow the author to thoroughly convey his or her ideas as they were originally intended to.
being on the computer is not a bad thing, sometimes.
another way of preventing water pollution is to build cleaning treatment plants in factories.
i would want it to be read, seen, and heard.
the best years of one’s life are the childhood days.
more people would stop going to the library because there would be no materials sparking their interest.
things that offend people: for instance, a book about or natives and how they were treated so poorly.
this is a very interesting quote.
terrorists can communicate by the internet.
well think of that.
most of all how would you react if they held it against you?
after thinking about that book he decided to be brave and call his parents.
most important person in our country.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons.
therefore, books that are classified for one age group, not be appropriate for another age group.
this way, no points are deducted for wrong spellings.
computers require you to type, which is a great skill.
my opinion is that not everyone will find the same things disturbing or offensive.
because of that, there should be no restrictions in the public libraries, and you should be able to get the books or movies you want.
but at the same time, if he had asked someone else for directions, he would not have been in this situation in the first place.
whether it be children, teens, adults, or elders, some things are inappropriate and should not be accessible to certain people.
they wear new clothes too.
in other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money.
tour guides who worked in , we being fired, due to less people wanting a tour, so less tour guides are needed.
what is to stop a kid to getting to one of these books, or movies you can find in libraries?
therefor the library should keep material for people of all ages and not just for children.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
where would we be without computers?
the computer is a great way to learn about new things.
he beat his mom and cut her body open, leaving the insides on the outside lawn.
to be continued, computers have a positive effect on people.
soon the fire brigade arrived.
if you are sending someone a list, a recipe for example.
because the road ahead got rough to the cyclist life was cruel.
if you continue to type your hand eye coordination will improve.
this research can be used to write essays in school.
computer are all the time.
also, you could give him a time limit on too.
that world is not a world i want to live in.
this is because she says that when they come back in the spring, which means she wont give up and try to adapt to her new life.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is a very calm mood.
or maybe post an idea that can one day be famous.
making the family feel back at home made them feel happy.
censorship is used most commonly with our movies, video games, and television.
different, right?
by stuttering that shows she was upset.
in conclusion, the three reasons; , the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computer.
the fire was spreading fast.
dear newspaper editor, i have recently heard that some people think that computers have a negative effect on people.
years ago i look a trip to for the first time.
i have learned a lot from old books to new books.
dear : have you been sent a photo of a year old child with no clothes on?
the cyclist knew not to take directions from the old men, but they seemed so sure about what they were talking about to him.
in many today experts like .
so the computer actually helped with real life activities.
i listen to the radio station sometimes and all the music is mostly about violence.
they do not do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online.
they are meant for adults but they are not showing extremely racy pictures on their covers.
it is practically the same with books.
the friends and relatives are missed the most.
this also helps people who are shy get married and start a family.
often music uses swearing language or states certain views on politics.
age and maturity plays a huge role in whether or not a child should be aloud to read and be introduced to specific material.
for the fifth paragraph that i agree that people should not be able to get off of computers.
but, there will always be a crowd it appeals to.
lack of records of that period makes a study impossible.
if books would have to be remove from the library then everybody would start taking all the books out.
most people are worried about their children reading the books that they find offensive.
that sums it up on.
that is the main reason for libraries.
the social networks can help your kids get more interactive with the world.
people, especially children, forget the risks of physical health.
thank you for your time.
find out about the culture first.
i believe that computers benefit society.
it all just depends on the person!
the movie was full of inappropriate words, therefore i had to shut it off.
i believe, if people can find a balance between them, people will agree more about computers.
books that people find offensive are on the shelf for others who want to read them.
i do have to say computers are a cool device but there has to be a limit.
these people need to get their families and friends back.
the scenery was getting more and more empty.
where would the world be today, if we believed the same way we did years ago about these very topics?
he is an architect and runs his own company.
the topics typed into search engines will help find any information help to you.
on the computer.
if you let this catch on the generation will all need glasses its almost like a domino effect.
its bad for people to be reading those tip of magazines.
i do believe we are lucky to have this freedom of opinion and speech.
then the children become cereal killers or go on a shooting spry at school.
i do not agree that computers benefits society.
are students in grade with a grade reading level.
our principle is a strict disciplinarian.
information, communication, and life skills are all important to our human nature.
an online poll was put out on which asked how people regularly talk to friends, or family.
it has opened employment exchanges in all cities.
i understand the fact that some people take things offensively.
finally, censoring books would eliminate classic literature and would deplete an understanding of the world through the eyes of great writers.
she will take the test again because she wont give up.
some computer games help expand your imagination because when your playing games you think of things that could make the game better.
we need the computer for everything if i were to ask my dad what the square root of pie is he would tell me google it.
at times of war, they are the first ones to come forward and fight for the country.
people could use the computer to learn about anything or everything.
whenever that a research is the internet.
the computer is also fun and easy to use.
they act as an information highway and connect people together.
with computer you can look up available homes and apartments.
sometimes they are typing the facts and also what they feel is write to say.
during winters he grows peas, potatoes, wheat, etc.
do you have computer at home that you go on?
work data and they help of businesses we file reports communicate with other branches of that company.
my friend was not happy.
life as we know it today would be greatly altered without the advances in computer technology that have been made over the past few decades.
my last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family.
i have never liked, the job of physician, engineering is greek to me.
in conclusion, computers are horrid for people.
they are big helpers.
yes computers teach you things, but exercise teaches you you things while you are getting fit.
then take a nice walk or stroll in the park.
when my mom lost contact with one of new friends, regretted not spending so much time with them.
how i would argue with this, is by listing my own experiences, observations, and readings.
my main reasons of this argument are.
different teachers are responsible for different subjects.
if a child checks out a book and their parents let them, it is the parents fault.
next, libraries are used so often by college students to writer papers for school.
the fact that if something were to happen then there would be no way of telling anyone.
dear local newspaper: you know that over half our nation own home computers?
then, the item will be shipped to your door.
the hibiscus represents both the longing for the past and the hope for the future.
and you would be lonely because you gave up your family just so you can play a game on the computer.
well its true it can be bad, but it matters how you use it.
as an avid reader of all kinds of literature i cant stand censorship.
dear, are a major part in everyday life.
i find my computer benefits the society because you can interact with others online.
i believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people.
eventually, i came to ask my dad about a certain part of the book.
authors endure long hours of practice and writing in order to have their thoughts read, and such a motive should not be taken away from them.
then the libraries movie business would be over.
also he was upset that the old timers gave bad directions.
computers it the more advanced technology so its the people is using it.
i think other wise.
we can hop on our computers and look at pictures of nature on .
others teach how future generations can change the world by simply working hard and doing their best.
that would be a terrible thing.
he suffers from no disease.
no one should have the right to take that away
street hawkers are found in every city.
i love my pet rabbit very much.
it has a long neck and a tiny head.
dear sir or mam, have you or someone in your family ever read a book, magazine, or watched a movie that was taken to be offensive?
this is why computers are bad.
magazines also offer pictures that, in recent times, would have been illegal to put out.
lastly, interacting with family and friends can help you stay off the computer.
would also help them decide if they even want to read .
also, i hang out with my friends every chance i get.
if we censor something that makes us think this hard about who we are and what we do here, then we begin to lose ourselves.
this piece makes me think about and appreciate my family, and my home.
people on the internet can do anything they want.
features we find in many railway stations.
said that the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, talk, or write back for much cheaper!
also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself.
there is a large number of children’s books.
it makes it difficult for him to bike.
these two objects made his situation mentally harder to get through because he was so close to what he needed numerous times, then it was taken away.
this allows the student to get full credit for their work.
his message be carried on for centuries.
lastly, computers help the communicate with one another.
he is yet again determined because waiting somewhere near is the water he needs to keep him alive.
computers benefit society by using online.
it you fail, then try again.
while many of the ideas contained within the book are horribly offensive, it still should not be censored.
if i was this person the features around me would have a lot of effect on me.
for example, many countries have restrictions on selling and owning copies of ',' the book that wrote as a sort of mission statement for .
you could tell he was passionate about what she was writing.
it the same time the hibiscus plant reminded her that her new home is another new beginning.
she will have confident in the spring because the plant grew to its new home so she will grow to her new home also.
i have heard of people who have gotten mad because there was a nude picture in an art book.
some might argue that though.
birdie is light brown in colour.
remember minutes of exercise, minutes in the sun each day to stay really healthy.
instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster.
join a team instead of playing on the computer and .
so i think that we should try to combine what people like to do on computers, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising.
you can do many things on them such as play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people from all over the world.
i think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad.
first off people can do things on a computer, including homework finding a store and checking out traffic and weather.
having friends so close by you can really make every life great.
in fact my favorite book is banned from my school library.
books should be something that each person should have a choice in.
if they are offended they can not put blame on the author or where ever they got the book because there was a warning.
should a few bad words keep a book from being a prize winner.
they believe that these generations are relying too much on computers and not spending enough time exercising outside or socializing.
with computers also were more likely to be overweight and choose chips over an apple in a study performed at .
before instruments, music was just purely voice, but as the centuries went on, music became more advanced.
i rely on my computer to get all of my research for almost every project, and i even make some of my best project on it!
the bright lights of the screen make your eyes unclear state say more people lose eyesight from looking of a computer than they would by staring at a light.
this is fine; if the person choosing the material is of age then he or she should have no reason not to choose advanced material.
internet videos of people acting like idiots never go away.
the libraries should not have to censor there books and entertainment store should not need to censor all the music and movies.
so then again you have to have parents permission for that to!
over the i had gone to my .
now do you see why i chose this side?
they are concerned there is way too much computer time.
a video camera used on your computer.
computers also let people learn about new things.
children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically.
i think the girl wants to be just like flower.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because he was biking up hills in extreme heat.
dear, i strongly believe that computers are great.
i believe computers are a good thing for several reasons.
we all have freedom to look at what we want and listen to the kind of music we feel like listening to.
it is not healthy for you or anyone else.
by us putting them in book, on movies, or making song to make them feel offensive is not the best way to go.
so please be on my side so we can show the public that computers are social!
a child will only learn more by challenging themselves.
they can help you learn new things meet new friends and give you something to do when your bored.
in my opinion it is but only to a certain extent.
instead of over charging a phone bill, many people keep in touch via email.
a majority of offensive problems spawning from music come from the genre of rap.
computers help you learn and research, which is faster than going to the library and getting a book.
i believe that if there are offensive books,music,movies,and magazines are in the libraries.
he also felt that you should always help people in need.
with this being said, should certain material be removed from shelves if they are offensive?
the sacrificed everything everything leaving their families, friends, and career.
also, places.
and with this also came doubt.
no parent wants their child coming home from school talking about sex, and drugs they saw in a book at school.
censorship causes people to become uneducated which on the other hand makes it illegal for a person to speak out against something even if it wrong.
when she worked at the company, they gave her a laptop that she could use only for her work.
even if you choose the wrong choice, you will learn from your mistake.
teenagers will usually go on the computer to talk to friends or maybe play games, i know i do.
eventually she ran out and then got dehydrated.
they all let you share with all of your friends, and of you needed to, you could chat with far away friends or relatives.
if books and movies are so bad then why would they even have some here already.
you could just look them up online and read them or listen to them off the computer.
so the parents should leave it on the shelf and prevent their own kids from reading it and let the other parents worry about their own kids.
they can go on the internet and get information on with just a couple clicks of the mouse.
then they go home and go on their own computers instead of going for a walk or a bike ride.
computers have helped us come along way since caveman times.
a computer can be used for communication, education, and for accessing important information quickly, such as the local news.
so, should that magazine be removed?
and there was no shade are place for him to top and get some water.
dear , i believe that computers have a positive affect on people who use them.
movies that are rated are rated that because of all the material in the movie.
the following day he was allowed to work on the computer and got three pages notes.
in conclusion, offensive materials should remain in libraries .
such as gay rights.
this shows the author is dehydrated because it is so hot and he kept going even with a physical obstacle.
some students in the classroom at the time called , and the police officers convinced the girl to put down the knife.
had a great affect on the cyclist.
i believe that computers can be a bad thing.
i once read that even classes all over the world are not allowing their students to read the of .
i have been to the library as a child and seen all the books there.
i eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state this quote proves the dehydration of the rider.
what will happen to the authors who wrote the books that are now banned?
as you can see the computer has a lot of positives.
but, is it entirely fair to say that these public items have completely influenced and brainwashed children into early adulthood?
two pedals and a bell are also part of it.
kids watch movies in class all the time.
dear local newspaper, computers are important for growth.
many companies are now erasing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites.
they take out the books that have bad words or pictures in them.
if there is a burglar going around, people can find out, and lock all doors and windows.
age, gender, religion, maturity, race, political beliefs, and so on will all effect the way you take to a book.
my final reason is also very helpful.
if you have never played this before, when you sign in, it does some tests and determines the age of your body.
to one person a book could be very offensive and to their neighbor it could have a whole new, opposite meaning.
after school, many teens and adults go rushing to the computers for all different reasons.
all you have to do is go to a news website.
need to stop the computer with adults.
you can make what that person stand for meaning nothing at all.
where he was raised, and mainly the life his parents provided for him.
computers teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places, and allow people to socialize online.
the features of the barren desert path make the cyclist quite nervous, but they also make him determined to escape them.
by cutting out at least some these hours, people will be able to make time for more exercise in their daily routine.
the author of winter hibiscus purposely had that last paragraph in there.
also, spending to much time on the computers and others things then taking time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
the world would be a much different place without computers.
now you will have no books for some people.
we just have to raise them the best we can.
in computers are wonderful things.
the author is talking about his past, when he was younger.
even when they struggled financially they still let everyone in.
it can take years off your life.
most of the questioning about a book is the language in it.
first of all, computers are a benefit to society because they have the ability to and teach teach us what seems like infinite information.
people need to get out side and get more active.
although there are some upsides to computers like doing research and interacting with people, there are more bad aspects then good ones when it comes to computers.
they do not play or buy anything from the canteen.
you can also conduct research on the web, you with many projects.
there are many people that think that the lyrics of those songs are just terrible and offensive.
this is not the way to go in society.
the place where people buy and sell various things is called
most small children do not even go to the library so they would become virtually useless.
just get outside and do something.
that excuse is ridiculous.
numerous people who find the materials offensive must also remember the time and place the story originated.
first i think people should not be staying on the computer all day.
email has also been very beneficial to society as well, as helps people communicate and plan events, which brings me to my next topic.
they can learn from a new point of view.
this is the mood expressed in the memoir.
same thing with trains.
she felt hopeless, miserable and incomparable upon seeing the hibiscus that reminded her of her homeland.
what is offensive to some, not be offensive to others.
this mood is appreciation.
it is a great thing to have some people say but others think it is a hazard to health.
they tell him that they know a great shortcut which turns into the authors hardest ride ever.
local libraries are a very nice place to go for books, movies, and information.
dear , you know someone who lives faraway from you?
we hired a boat and started rowing.
not everyone has the same opinion about what should and should not be blocked out of everyday media materials.
she said now all the new things seemed weird to her when she first got here , but now they are second nature to her now .
some book that get removed could insult a group of people because it related in some way to them.
clearly, being on the computer is bad for health.
this also could show that it is hot because he thinks its a mirage, and people usually see them in the desert, where it is hot.
the first reason why i believe this, is because one a lot of schools will need them for students, to do projects.
really, is this what our lives should be focused on?
i believe that if you hear or read something offensive they should stay for many reasons.
it ruins their social lives, and other bad things.
introduction-a proverb-its meaning, literally-examples to explain-timely action needed-the ship and the crew-conclusion.
examinations cannot thus be removed.
finally, the first three stops he made had no where to fill his water bottles, take a drink, or cool off.
computers help and in the process of hand eye coordination.
the dangers of online interaction, and the risk of having your information stolen.
almost all newspapers are now online along with on paper too.
the school playground also becomes alive with the students.
when people grow up they usually have an idol whether its a singer, book writer, or actor.
my whole family lives in and it costs us twice as much to make a call there.
read on to find out how you can talk to friends on the computer.
these advancements in technology can only enrich peoples lives.
either way your learning.
hanging out with your family can be thing you can do.
the setting led to her deteriorating health.
i believe that music is a way that people express themselves.
the can help a student pass school.
when she accomplishes this, she is growing just like the hibiscus
finally, computers keep the brain active.
i could tell that the mood was like that because he would always talk about his parents and how they gave up so much to come here.
between winter and summer seasons, there is a short period called ‘spring’.
i say that there is some material for adults, teens and children.
children simply are not ready, or mature enough to be exposed to everything that books, movies, or magazines have to offer.
are living a modern time, society is advancing everyday and computers are a huge part of it!
the computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society.
if you understand experts can agree and kids could be healthier and still communicate.
starting at a young age.
therefore explains that computers are not good for society.
books do not kill people.
also, many people learn how to manage their time on the computer.
i disagree with that.
this is simply untrue.
appraise the computer.
i know not all people are literate but maybe visiting a library once in awhile would help them with it.
her parents were hardworking and supported her.
the hibiscus shows it with its budding stage.
infamous dictators, such as , burned books to keep his citizens from thinking what he did not want them to think.
such working, or for most teens, doing homework.
as a nation, we can lower the statistic above and create a better environment altogether.
in factual righting, it is something that remains in peoples' heads and is saved into the brain like a word document.
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
then there would be no more author and more actors and actress.
the mood created by the author is , , and relaxing.
smell nice out to day.
the books we read are the property of all humanity and should be read by all to educate us of our mistakes as well as our triumphs.
another thing about computers is they help you in the work place.
in the spring time.
the paper said how my town was filled with rednecks and that many people there were not very educated and not intelligent.
online phone you and you can also the cool them even more that have you talk to give .
i have also seen music videos and magazines with their favorite celebrities on the covers.
computers are also in some electronics.
in conclusion working hard and give up its a part of our life and its up to our selves to overcome failing
in closing i would like to add that i can also see why people would want to censor certain things.
also as the technology is getting better it is keeping people from going outside and enjoying the beautiful nature.
it should not be allowed in public where innocent children will be exposed to it.
the mood of this memoir is warming and of family.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
he thought about his surviving, and immediately found a shop to and he could drink.
so you decide , should be outside more?
this means that they are great cooks and have skills for cooking.
it is hard to believe that we ever had a peaceful day without any violence.
no piece of media can possibly be directed to satisfy the opinions of all the world.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
people can speak, believe, and read what they want without the government interfering.
computers has a negative effect on people.
last opinion is we can type to people that are online and offline.
they would be making plenty of people unhappy if that type of music was removed.
no reading material should be taken off the shelf.
know you know that i think that computers need to be seen less throughout the human day.
why would you want your child to read something like that out of a book in the school?
it is very easy.
easy access to tons of useful information.
later on in the story, she takes the plant to her mother.
computers can even help connect family members who live long distances from each other.
is a place where much business happens for the .
dear, whom concern; local newspaper.
likewise, computers help us see places that are amazing.
that will be even worse because if you tell them to go outside they wont do it same will.
even teachers were reading it.
the is trying to use the flower to show the reader how much a simple object can trigger a memory, thought and so on.
this means that the test was very important to her with the of pressure to pass, and of a new is ready to pass the test.
removing the books from libraries entirely could also interfere with research or school projects children have to work on for class.
first of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise.
the addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or you see are real life situations and activities.
all of these materials, all children can learn bad habits from.
how do you graph linear equations?
it also showed the importance of your loved ones and how you need them in your life.
as you can see, entertainment is everywhere on the web.
these seem to be the kinds of books that young children have become interested in.
a good example of this is the popular internet video site, .
it clearly helps the workplace get attention.
it brings us backwards in time, makes us fear.
libraries are meant to have different types of material because everyone has a different taste.
also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades doing so.
the cyclist in this story had a rough time getting to his destination due to the setting.
in the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly.
not so foolish.
instead you should use this time to be with your friends and family.
the mood was a very good one that shows everyone that reads it, that the human race can be genuinely kind and helpful.
it could be the next best story for somebody.
for example computers.
the mood the author created in the memoir was appreciation.
finally, i believe movies should be uncensored.
what do you do?
home interesting was it!
there are way to many people on computers doing anything you can think of for hours.
my conclusion, is that you can always find ways to get the answer you need.
it lets you right anything you want and if you mess up a word you can fix it if you wanted to.
computers are only important for school, but also in the work place.
he stays on the farm till the evening.
i mean, how could anyone live without family, friends, the beauty of nature, and your own health?
people spend hours on computers talking to people.
we need to keep all books in the libraries no matter how explicit they are.
please consider my reasons when making your decision.
instead of using your time wisely and getting active outdoors, your'e inside your house on the computer playing games or chatting with your friends.
libraries are a place where anyone can find books to read, on any topic they choose.
some for good, others for bad.
as you can see, computers also help students education and just our everyday life.
they over powered both of them and tied them to cots.
not literally, but it feels that way at the time (which is what you should feel).
birdie and i have become real good friends.
it helps us keep in touch with our friends and relatives, who stay in far off places.
i thought that computers are very helpful.
hinting to the fact that the setting he was in was affecting him in many different ways.
in order to go down a hill, you had to have gone up a hill.
we could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring nature!
i watched it and about halfway through it i saw my face!
the first reason was computers have a bad effect on people is it can really hurt your eyes.
we wrapped ourselves in warm clothes and set in front of the fire.
even if the child does not check the book or magazine out, who is to stop that young, impressionable mind from flipping through the pages.
movies should stay in a movie store of at the movie theater.
as we know, ' is written by the victors.'
over vast changes of terrain.
while playing one hasto obey the captain.
if you really think of it, are computers as beneficial as we think?
other people know that they need to do something but keep putting it off.
the plant will help her past the test by being strong, tough, and nicely finished.
such as in to a .
have you ever thought about all the amazing things that computers have done for us?
they promote learning, coordination, and even general welfare.
in paragraph four, it says how they would always have family members over for dinner.
many people have an addiction to technology, you could be using your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk.
the character decides when nature is symbolically reborn and renewed she will start again just like nature.
they cannot ever make on the ones of a paper properly!
he was sweating and getting dehydrated, id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind of thirst.
living things exist with sun – light.
the winter is a symbol of the hardships she has and will continue to go through.
video also show a way do express what you feel and sat it in comedy, horror, or sad videos.
so i took action and cleaned our lakes.
so if you want to read a book with no censorship or if you want censorship then you can.
many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
also, we can not forget about freedom of the press.
everyone goes to a library so i think it should be an open library and have all different kinds of books.
the cyclist describes, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
i believe there should be some censorship to some extent.
she thought it was cool, because she read it in a book.
these books are appropriate for young minds and have no offensive material.
also it ends on a good note, if was like i stayed up in my crying that would not be good ending.
at the end he is looking back at his life as a little kid and how he has improved his life.
they allow people to talk online.
we all have the freedom of speech, so why not let the authors of the materials have that same freedom.
ends the article with a very inspirational quote.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is caring, and loving.
without the descriptions in the novels, a piece of history would unknown to many.
both are given an assignment to write a report on a famous person.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist more than anything in the reading of rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speeding limit.
if people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of condition.
these books are classics and should not be changed, or removed from the shelves.
of equipment coupled to the computer would help us to operate audio and video
computers are also very useful for learning and organizational purposes.
people yell at first.
in this way among the men and the cats has a big relationship.
this would be of good importance to me if you took my letter into.
you can also learn ahead far away places with a computer.
you might end up being lonely.
everyone needs to worry about what they like and let the other people enjoy what they want to.
why take the risk when you can just use a phone!
he sits outside the principal’s room.
and you want to talk online with other people?
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that she misses her home and that affected her driving test.
however, some books not be entirely appropriate to certain people.
they make collections in the name of relief and misappropriate for personal benefit.
in my opinion, there is a fine line as to what can be considered too controversial or too mature.
not only would it make people happier, it would make the world better.
not every parents chooses to censor what their kids get at the library; therefore kids have different interests.
in conclusion, the mood the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
i believe that computers benefit society.
this is how the setting effects the cyclist.
all we know is, when the snow melts, and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take the test again.
the feature of the setting including the conditions, weather, and amount of water can possibly decide the life or death of the cyclist.
next he came to the fork and the town he came to had no water.
the flock of geese represented her changes.
there are many ways libraries can prevent children or other people not mature enough to view the offensive material from seeing it.
honestly, i totally and absolutely believe that child internet use should be cut down in the , because of many reasons.
the author is happy, remembering memories, which are not unhappy or unpleasant.
when the student unlocks the book and goes to check it out the computer knows what books that specific student can get.
a person is a human being.
it starts becoming very hot, and his water supply begins to decrease quickly.
they provide pictures, stories, and actual videos of whats happening right now.
this represents the change that has occurred in her and it foreshadows that things will be different from now on.
but there are some games that people tend to over do because they go addicted.
the shocking part was that almost the whole school was reading that book.
for example, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
currently, is extremely overweight.
there are lots of bullies people who want to sell you stuff, and people who want your personal info.
mood the memoir sets is a warm mood.
there is a type of boundary that restrict readers from gathering knowledge about certain things in books.
so next time you hear some one wanting something removed tall them this or next time you want some thing removed you refer back to this.
you will still have to deal with people not wanting a certain kind of book, but those people will just have to deal with it.
sometimes your friends.
families are seeing that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time that person is going to spend talking to , or .
computers help you learn about faraway places like .
father took his camera along, and we all left for the zoo.
this article deeply offended me, but i am glad i read it and saw a different point of view.
i would not want to go to a place that did not look eye catching.
just think, what if you could not read that book because it was offensive to someone else in your school?
the mood in this story is very happy.
computers show these advances greatly.
as a student at , i have found that computers are vital in everyday assignments.
there are many books, movies, magazines, etc.
this would make it hard because he is becoming dehydrated during his whole trip.
try not to get involved with any online games being in a nationwide disease.
, the people agree with what stated.
he should love the younger students.
third, his water bottle is emptying at an alarming late due to his third and relentless heat.
the size of the house does not matter, it matters who you are there with.
if they have one copy of a book it will begin fights.
i think the author wanted to show how she gained respect for herself in the end of the passage.
all of us have our likes and dislikes.
so i urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing sickness known as health problems due to technology.
you can research people and places and or get pictures.
she was talking about the flowers smell compares to her grand mothers shell, it was the same.
the short story, winter hibiscus, is a about a girl who moved with her mother to .
i know that if one of you experts family member went away for a long time you would miss them and want to talk.
because i can use high leveled spells.
people are making every year with the help computers.
another reason for censorship is that it can be an escape for some people.
the hibiscus makes her happy and overwhelmed.
i going to leave on one not would you pick computers or life?
they are all somehow offensive to certain people, but not to all.
turns out, the summary of the story on the back is actually about college kids partying and participating in illegal activities.
because all people have different views on life, different beliefs, and different feelings, makes hard for libraries to please everyone.
a friend of mine recently was emailed with words that hurt his feeling.
the man was no one in sight not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
the library can be compared to a big computer.
every book would have someone say it was offensive.
i literally knew nothing about them and i failed to bring home my book.
when the geese come back in the spring it will be like a now beginning.
they help people learn and makes work much easier.
clearly, the terrain, which got increasingly difficult, negatively affected the cyclist.
instead of requiring humans to work in dangerous locations such as deep water, computers can be sent down to visualize the before unattainable areas.
there is no longer a need to interact with other life forms, nor is there a want to.
nature is beautiful.
computers today are much different from computers back then.
we can get just as much information out of books if we try our best.
so then you can easily tell the kids to only go to either the teen section or the kids section.
then i will not get or read the book, it is that simple.
computers are an easy way to stay in touch with family, too.
they might be playing on educational game on the computers.
other items such as music, movies, or magazines also should not be censored, though some of them are already.
over the people in has a computer, but are they really healthy?
when something gets a bad look sooner or later it will not be there anymore.
what would you do without it?
one bedroom is using my grandparents and others shared with my mother, father, brother and me.
we need computers they have been so beneficial to billions of people across the globe.
the made the mood in this memoir a nice feeling story and a motivating story.
this will helps us to live a healthy life.
their ears are big and they have a long and powerful trunk.
that was when the cyclist began to notice his fear of dehydration.
it helps people to learn about others and information about them.
what ever you do on the computer will stay their and be saved no matter how you try to delete .
these items be offensive to some people, and they be too inappropriate for children.
he tries to save what little water he has left for time when he really needs it.
i can think of several books that, i would not want a child of mine to pick up and read.
so, even i use the computer a lot, but it could be used for good.
the younger kids wont know what bad words are until they get older.
in conclusion, the setting had a major affect on the cyclist.
without music, there would not be any fun in the world.
for this he was satisfied and grateful to the owner.
for example, you definitely need it in sports or more.
lincoln was a great man who loved mankind.
a computer saves the report and shows you some mistakes to take case of your children.
my first reason is that parents do a lot of work on computer.
therefore, many different groups of people will be sharing the material in the library such as books, movies, magazines, and music.
television, news, drama, life, and controversy.
just one computer can enlighten you with so much.
you finally get off that computer and you realize that spending time with them is so much fun than sitting down and looking at the screen.
today is the day!
having the freedom to sell or convey something they want viewers, readers, listeners, etc.
the writer of the book writes on his observations and his own personal experiences in life.
the last paragraph states in the spring, when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then i will take that test again.
i believe that certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
sometimes i wish they could just consider that we are all human beings and no one deserves to be treated that way.
therefore, censorship of literature should not be enforced.
does your neighborhood seem to be locking children?
so libraries be aware of what you put on your shelves and be aware of the consequences.
the author could not accept her new country as home yet.
what do i mean by that last sentence?
it s twice as hot during the summer.
the reason is that, you can interact with others online.
computers are not only fun, but very resourceful.
censoring what is available at the library would make finding books harder for other people.
this is how the computer can come in handy when you need .
computers teaches kids new things.
people get to do their job or enjoy nature still because their day is open and not busy.
the cyclist took advice from some old men that led him to difficult places to get out of.
my first reason why we should use computers is because it gives us information, like the weather reports, school openings, delays, and closings.
nobody is forcing that person to read this book, so why make a big deal about it?
there are lots of different kinds of books, if the books you are reading offend you, look for a different type of book
after my father leaves, i have to dress up for school.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist sees many different settings when he left it was early summer and it was pretty hot outside.
its very dangerous, and someone can pretend to be someone there not.
people to for freedom over much bigger issues than books.
the coolies are seen sitting in a row.
this brought his hopes down.
entertainment pushes that concept, but adds everything in it to show the reality of it.
one of the biggest concerns is that the freedom of speech is taken away.
an instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned can also be achieved.
shouts your computer.
that type of book, however, should not be found in the library.
if you took the songs that were offensive off the shelf that would make people angry.
of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics.
so they can write an essay in text language and when typing it over students choose what they mean from spellcheck and move on.
it be the readers.
where he was at was in the middle of no where, with no buildings, cars or structures in sight.
do your rights end where mine begin?
everyone in the school loves and respects him.
for my last reason on this matter is that you wont have friends.
with each passing day, computers help advance the future and help make the world a better place.
by your side even through your worst.
another way is to have an adult monitor what the child gets from the library.
another thing that might have affected the cyclist would have been the affect of the desert on his mind.
we do not need movies like this in our public library.
if you play an instrument and you need music to play to, why not go to the library to get some?
some people believe that, in some instances, it is perfectly fine, but others disagree.
this year the summer season was unduly long and extremely hot.
libraries are filled with books, magazines, music, movies, and many more materials.
after sometime the bride came.
if everyone could remove a book that offended them, there would be no books left.
the children learning these new things from the book can cause the children to use everyday and make it popular.
i think of bad thing like cuss words,nudity, and battle scenes.
all kinds of knowledge is in this little area, but, is some of that information inappropriate enough to be in a public place?
first of all, most people only have a limited amount of time to things.
three, more and more teenage kids have the new technology.
it has two big
one of my examples of why i disagree is because they give a person the ability to talk to someone.
instead they sit and play games on a computer.
this way, life with computers will be beneficial after all.
his main opponent in the battle of staying alive was the heat.
what will become of the uncertain future?
there are people that think there kids seeing bad things will make them want to do it.
it is a carnivorous animal and its long mane gives it a handsome and proud look.
this last paragraph is written for several reasons.
he tells us stories when we do not have a class.
every now and then you come across a book that changes your life.
some were talkative and others were quiet.
they make lot of delicious food on ramzan day.
computers help with education, career building, and helps people connect with family.
well within it there most likely was a piece of information that was inappropriate, but would you like to see that taken off of the shelf?
you do not need to get rid of them because somebody else want to check them out
we get milk mainly from cows and buffaloes.
on the internet you can connect and chat with friends.
when he talks about his heritage he speaks about his food, home, and music that gives the reader a sense of pride.
these are just a few reasons why i think the effects of computers is good, and i hope the local newspaper agrees too.
also, you must consider the near infinite amount of knowledge available on this tool.
if all those people are busy let them do their work they want for need to do.
censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else in my opinion.
it is also a place where you can find a lot of information even though it could be offensive.
she concludes the story with the vow because, it expresses her last bit of hope.
my second reason why i think this is because when your having a party and you need invitations the computer can help you.
so, write an article regarding the need for the use of computers and notify the people they are making the right decision by using them.
well in the library they will have generations of books on offensive material.
there are people out there that might disagree with me and i can see where they are coming from too.
in other words, why should other people decide what is most pleasant for us to watch?
but i disagree is many good effects computers can have on people.
in the memoir, it creates a peaceful mood.
every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or .
on another note a survey shows that of children that spend time with there family and less than minutes on the computer have grades higher than in all classes.
that is the last reason why computers have positive effects on people.
computers give education stand information to everyone.
they need to get outside get some exercise.
i also give them gifts that i buy with my pocket money.
because once they are gone then some kids might not even attend the library anymore because of the books that they find interesting are gone.
teenagers well and do while playing game talking to.
people trying to censor entertainment and look into the best interest of their loved ones is perfectly fine, but you cant blindfold them forever.
being a parent you should already be prepared for things like this.
in the quote she mentions how if what every single person finds offensive is removed, eventually nothing is left.
the peahen is not for beautiful and her feathers are brown.
she was bringing up good memories of her past life in her home.
the reason i am writing to you today is to give you my point of view on the censorship in the worlds libraries today.
we should give alms only to the disables beggars.
computers are a great help for projects, email, vacation spots, and so on.
i want to play my computer.
my friend was one of the captives of the computer.
the author concludes this way because it refers that its not over, and even though the test was a failure, it wont be next time.
it allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves.
studies show that in the , out of people were overweight.
they help people learn new things.
adults get offended to so would we take all of their resources away also including the newspaper.
everyone has the right to have their own opinion.
finally, freedom.
therefore, we should only view what would be considered just to all.
if a family with young children want to go to the library, the parents need to choose the appropriate areas in the building to search for the children.
the mood the author created was the friendliness of family and friendship between the family and how other people would join them into his family house.
he arrives at the first town but it is completely deserted.
since the main problem the cyclist is faced with is the lack of water, the dry, long hills seem to make him more weak and tired.
in other peoples eyes you find some who disagree and do agree with you from having similar life experiences.
so in conclusion she really is much like the plant and will continue for many seasons to come and also adapt to the changes just like the hibiscus.
they could tell their friends and family not to read it, because they thought it was offensive, but in the end everyone should decide for themselves.
every time you catch word on hope you become entitled to what could happen next and then feel sorry for the cyclist after having hope on multiple occasions.
she would spend days on end on the computer.
this emphasizes the mood, and he repeats it many times and the repetition helps build mood as well.
these types of books are read for the purpose of entertainment and not meant to harm or offend anybody.
this quote shows how he really had nothing to drink at all.
“you must not lose faith in humanity.
it could give you a good hint on whether or not it might offend you.
if there was a book or magazine that never got checked out, do you think they would keep it?
i know from my own experiences that the internet helps.
how would a library handle this situation.
being in a chat room all day is also a disadvantage.
the parents could also check on what their child or teenager is reading.
in the story winter hibiscus.
the economy is bad enough the way it is.
the dehydration / lack of water affect the author because he is very thirsty and everyone needs water to survive.
kids will be kids, as well, adults will be adults.
some people are offensive but you must remember they are entitled to their opinion.
we can now shop cloths and other household items.
it was very entertaining.
these things affected how the cyclist performed on his bike.
computers are very helpful for people.
you can send an email to someone and wait for a reply.
the reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph is to give you an idea of how she feels about what happened to her.
i think you would find more things about that person that you would in books.
libraries could even consider censoring some of their books.
we entered our compartment.
i know that i, myself like reading books, listening to music that has no limits.
if all libraries were censored it could potentially lead to several complications with workers, students, or people who are just looking for a good book to read
if they got off of their computers for a minute they could see the animals before they are gone.
that person might take offense to these commercials.
if that song really, really offends they, they should just change the radio station and forget about it.
stuff like that i can understand because that can be personal reasons.
this was caused by the radiation emitted from the computer.
i know someone who has a and after school all they do is talk to people.
emotions like sadness, hope, and wounder.
in this memoir, there is more than one mood.
would we decide to take these books away now?
for example, the hot temperature caused the character to get dehydrated.
many friendships are formed among people who have common hobbies.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very soft and compassionate.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist mood and behavior.
during the cyclists trip, he experienced physical and mental strain.
it can be shipped to your door without going anywhere.
computers just up all of your time the average kid will spend up to four hours on the computer just falling around with no purpose.
dear , computers can have a positive effect or a negative effect on people.
this evidence from the text proves to the reader that the cyclist was getting worried.
they had know that if they needed help they would do the same.
so why should we have censorship?
certain websites let you access tons of knowledge.
just like freedom of speech we should have the freedom to read, listen to, and watch what we enjoy
communicating with friends is also important and computers offer many different ways of doing it.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
think about your interest in music, art, and the style of books or magazines that you read.
but the people caught him.
doctor brown says everyone should go outside to just relax mostly everyday because staying in the house is not good.
people use computers to communicate with people far away.
the time they spend exercising and playing makes up only five percent of their day.
so now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing.
there would be so many conflicts if this happened.
if you have an over due library book you can renew the book on the internet.
the statements given by the ministers, legislators and other politicians are published in the newspapers.
there are ways mentally and physically.
when hot, the heat dehydrates you.
people just take everything so literally these days, they got to have their part in anything and everything.
every person over the age of eighteen has the right to read anything they wish.
use you mouth not your hand.
t that could be offensive to anyone particular.
yet students manage to play.
he plays a very important role.
magazines about how we sex and kill each other.
besides communicating through letters or on the telephone, the internet has also given us more ways for fast communication.
also, there are and various more.
now, that fact bring me to my next point.
this could help people also because do not have enough many to pay to go to classes.
a computers chat you to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones.
this exert from the test supports my previous statement about how its hot because the speaker tells us how hes sweating and that he might be seeing a mirage.
computers have been the big difference when comparing to centuries.
the dolled-up bride accompanied by her sister and friends arrived walking at a slow pace.
the biker is being affected in many ways, both mentally and physically.
personally i think that there should be a variety in the library.
in libraries there should be a control over what certain kind of books, magazines, or movies that children should be able to read.
libraries can contain very offensive things that can make a person sick to their stomachs.
the song that you have had stuck in your head all day is now no longer online.
these ideas are the ones that keep society going making us think and helping to formulate our opinions.
dear newspaper, have you ever stopped to think what modern day technology brought us?
some kids will look back to these days wondering how much time they wasted on nothing.
this shows that if he needed help, there was no one around to lend him a hand.
a lack of exercise and proper body maintenance results.
creates a warm, comforting mood in a piece of home: the blueprints of our lives.
coming from a teenager, offensive books, magazines and movies should be removed from a local library.
when asked how he did , he said he had been playing computer games since he was years old.
they have an extended family because they live with their grandparents.
more importantly, how many different races are there here in , or even all around the world?
you have to understand that most younger teens and children are curious about many things before they even get to that age.
overall, the sentence that the author eras with is used to show life as compared to the geese and hibiscus.
for example, when you have an essay to right about .
to just take a book off the shelf just because one person or a small amount of people think that one book is offensive to them.
the next reason is, the library put the movie or book on the shelf in the first place because they thought people would enjoy it.
the tall trees silhouetted against the sky made a beautiful seens.
when someone finds something offensive they could just avoid that instead of getting it removed and upsetting other people.
now here comes the negative effect.
if there is something that a parent has laying around the house that the child has never seen before that child will immediately wonder what this material is.
we can learn something from any thing we read.
nevertheless it leads me to believe that it would be smart for censorship to be put into place in libraries.
the features in the setting greatly affected the cyclist on his ride.
after the breakfast, i go to the bus stop to catch my school bus.
they were always having guests, and loved a lot of people and considered them family.
this could got their eyes off the computer screen.
last but not least it the main thing kids get in trouble for in schools.
i feel that books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from shelves.
we started crying; now we still best friends.
also, in paragraph it talks about the wondrous joining of the different cultures in the neighborhood.
a safe but easy solution would be to create a section just for offensive items the or people claim them to be.
hubs for the public.
overall, the negative outcomes of censorship outweigh the positive outcomes.
the first mood that is shown is a loving mood.
computers are killing us as a nation.
this is a reason why he is very limited on water supply.
you know why?
as you can see this is my third and final reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
i think all things should not be judged by assumption.
all libraries have different sections based upon age.
i wondered if something was wrong with me; if i has a bad odor or was dressed in an out of style fashion.
a child’s life is full of innocence.
the geese were one of the things mentioned that has become very familiar to her, in her new home.
people who use computers often spend less time exercising.
a great example of this is the series.
i have never came across a material that was offensive to me, but maybe someone else has and it really offended them.
knowing that materials on our shelves are offensive, i still believe that the right thing to do is to keep them there.
dear, local newspaper writer i believe that computers benefit our society because we could connect to people more faster and easier.
first, the heat made the cyclist overheated.
many authors enjoy using these tones to express their own personal feelings and opinions about the matter.
music, at the library there is mostly music from like a centuries ago, but they were also great composers.
coming to it in many shapes and forms.
it is really hot which would cause him to drink a lot more water.
is it all around or do children go and find it?
it could only get worse.
experts, you do not need to worry.
this problem can be directly attributed to the statistic that on average, spend and a half hours a day on the computer.
have the parents show you their berth certificate.
also one more thing books, magazines, and movies can be a very good thing if we use it right.
the generations now are tough and they wont let down.
materials at libraries should not be censored because the materials allowed at the libraries would decrease.
people might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out.
one way computer help is that students can do their school work online and see their teachers pages.
many people think computers are bad or that we spend less time outside because of them.
what could they do?
also if kind of surgery on it and that will cause you from doing almost everything with that one hand.
this is what the mood was in the memoir of was portrayed as.
these are just a few reasons why the computer is helpful as opposed to bad!
if you are interested in a place in the world you can type in the name of the place and get facts about cultures, foods, and more.
it also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate.
libraries are where anyone can go and check out a book, , magazine, or movie.
many books are banned that address great problems of society.
and that is why i support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people.
people chat on , , , and email and people are bullied.
his health issues started to get worse.
did you know that information on the internet is wrong?
you could live in and email someone in .
second, everything will be threw computers in a couple years.
just as the geese go south and as the seasons change.
i have learned from experience that being the person that has something different about them is not a bad thing and is actually a good thing in some cases.
calling someone from another country on the phone gets really expensive.
writers and authors write about information that is fact or also opinion, and typically people learn about subjects that people enjoy or want to discover.
since i go to my local high school i think its nice to be able to find anything i need in my library at school.
these websites that gives the ability to talk with friends and play games have made lazy and addicted to the computer.
there would be nothing for a religious or spiritual person to find comfort in.
he said i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean as he kept going he spotted an old guy in sight.
he arrived in the midst of the fairies.
computer are really beneficial to busy people.
this shows the correction between the plant and the narrator and the hardships of each.
i use various and .
my mother and i worked out a compromise that i could read novels that she approved of.
people once believed that the sun goes around the earth.galileo and copernicus proved that the belief was wrong.
i could not understand the reason behind it.
i have a number of cousins in who i only talk to if i go to visit which is very rare.
plus, computers are great for research.
dear local newspaper?
computers help people communicate with other people.
i went to see this fair with my friend last week.
she hear when the hibiscus comes back brings new hopes to the life to take that test for.
everyone who reads or watches something will take it in differently, and it will have a varying effect.
there is a solution out there, but we just need to find it.
i slept peacefully.
the author recreates his welcoming, warm, musical home for the reader to visit and enjoy.
my second reason is that the more people be on computers the more blind they could get just for being on the computers for a hour or more.
the mood the author gave in the .
they do not think that they are banning a perfectly good book for others.
high schools require that we learn some foreign language, even if it is only the basics.
instead a lot of times when someone down at the computer, a snack goes with them.
like books, music, movies, and magazines should be censored, too.
the opinion of one person should not effect materials being able to be on a shelf or not.
in that case we could not send aid to the area.
read on and i am sure you will agree.
one new message.
also, she is waiting for the hibiscus plant to bud.
that is one way our sex offenders get a way around.
it is your choice to avoid the books that upset you, not what other people think about them.
if you like to read then check online, these be a book you enjoy free of charge to read.
actually there are many positive effects that computers have on people.
our teacher stresses the importance of practicing at home to get your typing speed a little higher.
i just hopped on google and clicked images and clicked images and typed in flag.
, ore and more people use computers , but this is not necessarily a good thing.
we should hate a box the has information in it, we should be glad we have something like that in are home.
the and then the sun started beating down on him and he said it felt like the desert, considering it was so hot.
lastly when you have a big project you can do research on anything and everything in the world!
so this is why i think having technology is good in our society.
so go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something.
why would there be a grape juice factory in the middle of no where.
then i learned to not abuse the computer, not waste my time on it.
, out people are obese.
thank you for taking time to read my letter.
so the mood of this memoir is , struggle or not so good and .
he showed in the passage the warmth and love in his home.
parents and certain groups have a huge effect on the production of censorship.
and nothing is better then spending your time outside.
reading these books, and listening to this kind of music, and watching these kinds of movies, takes a whole different point of view.
books be the only exception.
his work is full of difficulties.
using computers, billions of people gain knowledge that they never would have been able to learn before.
since everyone is different, the sex related instances might not offend another group of people and they might see as perfectly fine to watch or .
it is this simple freedom that causes books to be published, even written, no matter how offensive they be.
when a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise.
like their should not be anything that would be offensive or profanity in the or .
we can only learn from their mistakes.
some of the most loving families are not related.
like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
this is the exact opposite of what a human should be doing.
need new toys for kids?
computers are just another unnecessary thing in life.
a library is a family place not a fun zone for adults.
second, people do not spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills.
computers are bad because people spent to much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are hazardous to us.
the cyclist is mostly affected by his lack of water.
prince siddhartha married a very beautiful princess named yasodara.
then a large snake blocked the majority of the pavement in front of him.
the plant related to her by the memories of her homeland and when she failed that test she felt very depressed and sad.
because it was hot.
people have trouble looking at things in different perspectives and because of it they can cause trouble.
he describes the snow melting, and geese coming back as change which is exactly is what she hopes to achieve.
those children will either listen to their or not.
the second reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
on television, nudity and language is censored when dubbed inappropriate.
making a section for adults would help stop kids from reading adult material.
computers have a positive effect on owners; since they allow easy organization and research, online socializing and better ways booking transportation.
there are many things said in the memoir that express the mood of love.
this shows his love for his kitchen.
all the student would have to do is type in a few words on the internet and hundreds of websites pop about any topic he wants to learn.
we stayed these until the park closed.
one of those moods is a happy and good .
the towns the cyclist ran into were abandon or ghost town.
it would be a scary day if that happened.
the staff of the post office works day in and day out.
first of all, too many people spend to much time talking with friends online.
the human imagination can create beautiful works of literary art and music, but it can also create material not suitable for every age group.
then i saw a little child playing on the flute.
in my opinion i would think they have a neutral effect on people.
just because the book offends one person does not mean it has to be taken off the shelf or have a censor.
with computers we can online research, save trees, and communicate with people far away.
but people do not use water sparingly.
secondly, i would like to say computers have a great way of creation.
a drama was staged.
everyone should have a because you can play any types of game.
also with computers you can learn about other nation.
he carries the letters in his bag.
magazines are stocked on shelves in stores and on the front will tell you exactly what is in the magazine itself.
in her arms, i felt warm and soon dozed off to sleep.
it provides a social aspect where you can talk to friends & family.
of birds and squirrels with his deadly catapult.
if books are censored than that takes away a persons right to freedom of speech.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
as my many years as a student, i have come to find books containing vulgar images and language.
his water supply was thinning from the heat and the hills were tiring him beyond reason.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
in the world today there are always a good and a bad song that is the same.
oliver is a good athlete too.
in science class we get a packet for homework for every new unit and without a computer it would be really hard to get done.
first of all, computers allow you to talk to others online.
these types of movies can show how horrifying really is and how cruel people can get.
sohan lal is about twenty-six years old.
while there, you see some advertising for a new book.
censoring books at a library is pointless, you take away options, and the experience to learn from certain books.
these are only some of the many reasons computers are useful and i hope you keep using them in our community.
for relationships like family and friends having a computer to talk from if they are far away is great.
if we were to censor books then there would be nothing to read in libraries.
this is why computers are one of the most valuable things to have in your home.
almost everywhere you go and everything to see and hear has some type of wrong background to it.
libraries provide a source by which young people can educate themselves on the religions, beliefs, and customs of the outside world.
they cleared away the crowd.
also these are many hill making him have to use full force to get up them also making water a big deal.
so what do you do if there is an offensive book on the shelf?
a public library can but there are mostly adults there.
she notices that the geese come back in the spring and leave in the winter, and plants start to grow in the spring.
, computers seriously social skills and personal relationships.
too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt.
in conclusion, i feel that computer are taking away most of the things that no one deserves to live without.
another example is when he has to ride on rolling hills, and then comes across a rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit sign.
dear local newspaper , i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
the internet is perhaps one of the greatest things ever invented.
does that give me the right to take it off of the shelf and demand that it be banned?
one section for kids, one section for teenagers, one section for adults, and one section for middle aged people.
people need to understand that of teens world wide are sexually active and books that help you to protect yourself and others.
especially students do this, they do their homework under the leaves to help them relax.
in india, people are very careless about punctuality.
how can your music get banned in the land of the free.
also, it gets in the way of exercising and spending time with family and friends.
it would be incredibly rude to state that something is offensive to me might not be to someone else.
sometimes they can be a good way to relieve stress, by taking it out on a hapless alien.
you can swim, jump, or play sports.
the author shows it by saying love of cooking.
that sounds like a good thing to me!
computers help people of age first, computers let you chat with friends and family.
anything is good in moderation, even a computer.
well, without a if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you will make!
my three reason why you should have a computer is you can talk online with your friend or do homework or project and fine out things out.
his parents were kind suddhodana and queen mahamaya.
the people of the world always have a priority.
the topic of library censoring has been discussed and debated at increasing rates over that past years.
books should not be banned because if they were then, we would be ruining the future for others, and we would be destroying our own future.
think of your family and how much you love them.
they always came over and had dinner babysat him and every thing that is why it is love.
life continues no matter what, the hibiscus will return again in the spring.
are you good at sports but would like to be even better?
authors have just the same right as we do.
you can buy house hold appliances.
the second reason is that not all people agree on censorship.
for example she said that in spring when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then she would take the test over.
as it destroys the rants almost all the housewives love the cat.
in this country she misses her homeland and the hibiscus reminds her of so.
the use of this technology can old people in discovering so many new things they have never known before.
he keeps on, however, and at last sees a shop where he can get water.
', i can think of books and magazines that i would never want any child to look at, especially at a young age.
all you need to do is type in vacation spots and click enter.
the school building was white was whitewashed.
schools try to provide books that appeal to all audiences, but that ability is being impaired by books being banned from shelves.
computer games online can be fun, but are a complete waste of time for you electrical bill, and purposed of you child.
lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games.
finally, there is a warmth that contributes heavily to the mood of the memoir.
and, if something was wrong.
he reacted to the features of this setting with humor and hope.
people who spend to much time on the computer, would barely understand whats going on.
if others spent at least a half an hour being outside to some fresh air instead of using a computer most of them would feel a lot better.
there is music and magazines too.
this censorship is a major problem, very few people really care about this subject.
that is why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
this technology has resulted in very poor eyesight in the general public.
last of all, i think that computers are good for people because there are many programs that help with teamwork and team buildings skills.
books, movies, plays, games, magazines, all things of that sort are for our entertainment.
at one point he says, the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed.
traveling with his water running out and beginning to feel sick did not go well with him.
dear newspaper, people are spending way too much time on the computer and it is not right.
if a parent feels that a movie is decent for a child to watch, then go ahead and let them watch that material.
in conclusion, computers have a far more positive influence on users than negatives.
you see much of our population spends at least hours a ween on the computer.
some of my friends to have started enjoying a reading book as much as i do.
some times the only way to make contact with them is by talking to them on the computer.
some kids today though, are very attentive to those subjects.
but i think some of it is good for kids not so that they can be corrupted.
the air, mixing with aromas of the kitchen.
dear newspaper, i disagree that computers are important to people because they have research, online colleges, and online stores.
in the story, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
it also shows that she is determined to continue on with her life in .
many of the parents do not want there kids to be seeing bad pictures or to check out bad movies or books.
certainly text sources can give the same accurate information, but the computer is fast and easy.
your outside about a few hours.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are both a good and a bad thing.
but at it a good source of for them.
dear , i believe that computers are one of the most useful things that we can have.
as a daily newspaper reader, i could not quiet my voice any longer.
everyone is different even when it comes to reading a book.
trees help to prevent drought and floods.
it is all according to you own personal opinion.
well its true.
imagine being in the hospital because of playing on the computer.
another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in .
taking materials out of a library i would have to disagree.
in almost every school all over the country, students use computers on a daily basis.
all guys love cars.
doing some sort of sport has another advantage.
average people like me and you need to know the weather, global issues and many other important topics.
as you can see the mood of the story is warm and tells us about how he had a good childhood
this lack of the water made it horrible for him to continue on.
people just want to get their voice out there, and to be heard.
the creation of that art form as writing would be nothing less then lonesome trash floating the winding streets if were censored.
i give her milk every day.
you might , but maybe a neighbor, or even a relative, be offended by it and might read it.
this technology gets people every to have an open mind with everything.
the author had to slow down on his bike and find a safe way around it so he could get past.
so yes, computers have a positive effect on people.
then when you have a computer for someone else has one then you would be able to see them.
people who spend that much time on the computer miss things.
you can still interact with family & friends & can meet new people.
computers have a major effect on social lives like going out and being confident to meet new people.
it could be snowing and cold, raining and of course wet, hot and dry, breezy and humid.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
also, all my friends are on the computer and some them are more active then me.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
i really do not get why you should complain about these things.
we did not remove any books, pictures, or even magazines in that store.
the effects computers have on people are beneficial.
they are good sources of information, its a good way to talk with your friends and it gives you information about places that you might not know about.
the libraries and stores also should have the right to put whatever they want on their shelves.
also we hear about what is going on in our big or small town.
she wants to take the test when the snow melts, the geese return and the hibiscus is budding.
some people think that rap music is offensive and should be removed off the shelves.
he always kept his head up and was determined to make it to his destination.
i know i like to go on the computer better then carrying really heavy books home.
i believe that offensive materials and other stuff should stay on the shelves of library.
in some countries, people distill seawater and get fresh water.
they are good because of the rating systems but still are very ignorant to others.
also, attraction to literature would seize.
we want to learn about the places so we can travel there.
the time it takes an author to write a book, is very long.
or if your on a business trip away from home, you can check upon your family.
since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the .
you can have a video family.
everybody has their own ideas on a library and if they want their voices heard let them speak it out.
we see these colours in a rainbow.
a major fault in computers is that you have to be indoors.
people today always seem like they are trying to find something offensive.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are bad news.
also people can talk to each other, and believe / create whatever they want.
study show that an average spends in total hours a day on the computer, almost double what they should be spending on it.
later, this food returns to the camel’s mouth and the camel chews it again.
for example, the cyclist reaches and fish camp, he is able to hydrate once again.
no later than a day when was walking down the street a gang of girls jumped her.
the most widely used machine is the computer.
in conclusion, i think computers is a great invention.
for example, when the terrain turned to hills, the cyclist had to struggle to climb the hills which caused him to use more of his energy.
realizing how much help computers have in everyday life, people will be the down fall or support for computer technology moving forward.
the same thing could be said for these materials in the library.
she knew she should adjust herself in the new situation she was still too shaky to say the words at home.
many people believe computers are good for nothing.
that is great for the brain!
they will stop inviting you places.
there are a number of windows in the post office.
during his time at , he discovers that he is a homosexual.
this empty land make the cyclist himself feel empty.
our life revolves around technology in general as the revolves around the sun.
i find it amazing how someone from one country could write a book, then someone from another country could read it.
we can look up how to stop snake venom from getting to your heart and how to make a how and some arrows to hurt with.
the library is somewhere you can go to get information on just about anything you want.
but there will always be someone who is unhappy.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this story.
people can research, learn about any topic or subject and let people talk to friends online i think that computers have a good effect on people.
the people who wait for trains talk, joke or read papers to
how does she feel about it?
the author also that when the cyclist reached the first town, the sun began to heat down.
when does our first amendment right to free speech with censorship and too much censorship meet?
all of these are easily accessible by children of all ages.
even smaller number buys a ticket to watch a game.
if it is said that every reading that comes off offensive should be taken off the shelves, then what would be left on them.
in some movies you get to choose on what you want to watch.
we learn how music was in the and compare it to music now.
dear , you know computers are a major part of our society.
so i decided to stop.
lastly computers help people make money and support their family.
i think computers help people out because you can learn about at here thing like you want a job you can look it up in the computers.
in all these ways, computers help people everywhere and.
the only water he could pump from the pump was scalding hot and tasted acidic.
for example, the libraries have information on the history.
the lyrics of many songs or singles that have just been released are astounding.
you could also meet new people.
what would be on the shelves?
its a library, a place where people go to get information.
families should start to spend more time together instead of hanging out in front of a screen.
this is an easy fix.
some beggars are disabled.
it had basically described that the family did not have much, but made the best of what they did have.
the government should not get all the say in this series matter in hand.
most people might look at something and think it is interesting like something that happened on the news lately and was published on newspapers or put on the internet.
we also live in a country where their are so many drivers and cars on the road.
my opinion about this topic is that it is more important for children to do things other than sit on the computer all day.
libraries should put on the shelf what people write, so that others enjoy them.
it was something i enjoyed doing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
these days, people are mature enough to read offensive material.
also if we are so concerned as to what our children are seeing then that is where the parent would have to step in.
some people have family in another country.
believing he was going to die, the cyclist got back on his bike.
using the computer this way is another terrific idea.
but yet they do.
but where was the home thought come?
in the old days if you did not about something or someone, like a movie, you never find any info about them.
night i had homework.
your computer is also where your data like music and pictures can be saved.
i strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely.
hey, some people even work from home.
on the seventh day, i could ride the bicycle all by myself.
will that be the next thing that is censored?
if one was to go through the library and burn every book they did not like, there would be scarcely anything left.
the censorship in a library should be kept the same as it is already.
how is that fair?
those books, movies, and magazines that are offensive, are enjoyable to me.
also, they help greatly with communication.
the author was speaking very proudly and happy about her parents.
a morning walk is a very good exercise.
i believe society would be better off without the constant worry of a computer!
social networking sites like and are all over the internet.
being able to talk to relatives from far away places is very important.
many times i have learned new things from books that not have been appropriate for my age, but it taught me a valuable lesson.
i mean his house was a peaceful and a safe place.
so let me express my love for computers to you.
doctors, , all people alike are seeing more and more how computers affect family life.
throughout this memoir the author creates moods, whether good or bad, of the memories of his childhood.
bad characters create a lot of trouble for all of us.
and that maybe someday all books and pieces of literature will be able to remain on the shelves, being endlessly read by consumers
all books are able to be learned from, and they should all have the opportunity to be learned from.
secondly, computers give people the ability to form about places and people.
so he is proud of them.
his spirits finally rise when he finds a store and drinks a good amount of water.
the technological breakthrough of the known as computers allow interaction with other people as well as learn of distant lands.
i disagree, computers can help keep family members that live far away in touch.
not everyone that goes to the library wants to just sit and not talk to anyone.
drew , a park ranger, says.
numerous times, he wanted to thank his mother and father.
a library is a public place for anybody to go check out anything they want.
in my own experience, my parents kept me away from all of the bad stuff for the most part.
with temperatures being high, it is easier to become quickly dehydrated.
people need to stop looking at the library as a place that brings negativity, but as a place for giving children joy.
this had made the cyclist dehydrated and not think right.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
there are people that love writing about violence, gore, and segregation.
they can tell you anything!
before the beginning of , the were starting to be discriminated against.
so, should we take them off the shelves?
upon finding a book that is offensive, the reader then can make that decision, and not read the book.
the story was about a girl walking home after failing her driving test and breaking down about her home where she no longer lived.
the internet can take you to just about any thing that you would ever want to go to.
whether its playing games, checking , or even working, peoples' valuable time is getting used up.
i say this because, what be offensive to one person not come close to being offensive to another.
if libraries censored information, then it would no longer be a place that is unbiased.
the other callers were saying that she needed to get out of our country, and were cursing at her.
the only problem with this solution is the economic expenses.
also, because, thru an mail takes forever.
if the items are in a public library they should be kept in a separate area for those who wish to view them.
in the other hand if we removed a certain type of books, people would get mad and not come to the library.
setting was the main factor in deciding upon the cyclists physical and mental state.
if you do not like certain magazines that they have then order magazines online.
because it can be hurtful, dirty for younger kids and it could be prevented if they are removed from shelves.
fresh air is very important for plants and animals too.
showing the temperature was rising.
if they start crying people who are working can be disturbed.
in libraries there is not as much supervision as their needs to be.
there is a lot of younger kids that love to get into stuff they are not suppose to.
i do not believe computers benefit society.
to open my statements, overuse the computer con lead to poor health.
in the story is says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
probably your family are worried about people spending their time everyday in the computer.
they prepare various kind of delicious food using my coconut milk.
libraries need to get rid of these book and movies because it is badly influencing the children in the world.
looking for some place to enjoy nature & it.
i believe that the hibiscus and the drivers test are relevant like the blooming of a flower.
while the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position.
we could do tests on computers.
so have an adult section and a kids section.
she wants to be reminded of her old homeland where she did not read to past the driving lessons.
lets say for instance that they brought their laptops but for at their cellphones.
and those were for specific examples of how the mood created by the author was very happy and appreciative in the memoir.
so make sure they all stay clear and far away from them.
addiction, online bullying, and becoming overweight is not the only problems of a , there are many more.
i believe is acceptable because there are certain materials and music that a young child should not be exposed to.
in a senior high school students should have a right to read whatever type of book they please.
we never feel alone in the company of books.
at the end of the memoir, the author went back to the present, talking about the past times.
when the part we live faces the sun, it is daytime for us.
some people ask, ' books should be censored from libraries?'
for example look at the .
but, what about the other thing?
the music is not all that bad its just that the kids can take these off the shelves and take it home and listen to it.
if we do take off the offensive stuff off the self then there are not any more on the self.
without computers you would not have and places online that give you directions.
books, music and movies should not be taken from shelves for the fact that they teach us a lesson about life without it really happening to someone.
so riding through this man seems lost, he is trying to follow their advice, but comes across many unknown, unwanted areas.
that situation could go both ways though.
the person has that ability to read that book or not.
for example, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
i shall take a personal interest in the future of my students.
also to get pictures.
so with a computer nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch.
the heat and lack of water supply made the boy dehydrated.
he took one look at the game, saw the rating for it, and said that i had to have an adult with me to purchase the game.
many books that have been banned are great books that can have an effect on someones life.
she has four kittens.
since all they talk about in the media is sex, sex articles would probably be in the magazines.
optimistic outlook on her situation and decides to do something about it.
a doctor is an important person.
we talk on webcam and chat.
he was tired ad dehydrated but he thought he could make it along the road.
also, when he said that that his parents always kept open arms and door.
there are a lot of offensive material in libraries.
many people had come to see off their relatives and friends.
we would have nothing and the libraries, movie stores and books would be empty.
although, some libraries allow their visitors to listen to music.
some music has to much bad language in it.
the mood that is created by this story is admiration.
she simply understood that wanted to check out and return one.
when the author says how his parents cooking was passed on to him he cuts away from the article specifically to thank his parents.
books being taken off the shelves?
people of different culture, background, and life could be profound by these articles in readings.
everybody thinks different and as you go to school or work everyday you find that obvious by just about anything the person is doing or owns.
computers have a positive effect on people of all ages.
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
so should these types of things be taken out of libraries?
rated stands for sexual act, language, and blood.
not only do computers teach skills and work, they are very fun too!
crank, , and is a trilogy of books that show the life of .
she though of how strange it was.
now, the internet contains many social networking sites, such as , , and where you can reunite with lost pals.
in the story the setting has a large affect on the cyclist.
that when i have issues seeing where they think they have the right.
should be removed from shelves.
some people need computers.
it was dry and bumpy, not to mention that there were creatures such as snakes on the prowl out there.
the setting of do not exceed posted speed limit places the cyclist in a life threatening situation.
also, what about the kids that like to read?
and we always make time to go see our family and friends.
but he did it, and proved himself right.
this quote is showing that she is not going to quit and give up, but that she will try until she succeeds.
time is mainly all we have.
no water and it being so hot could cause a heat stroke.
this shows how the author is in a good mood and happy to be there.
finally they help people to keep in touch and meet knew people.
there are books out there that describe in detail sexual scenes and many parents do not want their kids to read these kinds of books.
what are you waiting for?
schools are taking away the constitutional right of all potential readers.
also computers can teach us things.
it will create a more civil trip to the library.
i hate money-mindedness also.
it is only natural to disagree with someone.
taking these pieces out of libraries would not be fair to them.
i had no way of communicating with her until i found a program on the internet that lets you chat with people.
for thought, maybe all public libraries should be broken up into sections, each with their own subject matter.
i personally believe that computers do benefit society.
educating a child is carving thoughts and feelings in his mind.
in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit, written by the , the setting reflects how the cyclist is feeling.
you should only be on the computer for minutes a day then go get some exercise.
certain rated material should be put in certain spots for certain people.
they did not go to study then, and confined themselves to house duties.
if you are stuck on a computer for hours a day you will never have any family memories.
some people like mysteries, while others like to read romantic books.
the condition of the roads and not having water really affected the cyclist.
my father got up, and started calling me.
all we need is a little more organization.
go for a walk some thing just try to get yourself dumb, but still fun, computer.
his parents had no knowledge of the language.
the story says.
you can do a lot more things on a computer that you cant do on a piece of paper.
the world is revolving around electronics.
so in conclusion, i think it should be reader and viewer discretion when it comes to content of things as this.
life is full of things and as children grown up they are going to be teach, show things that parent thinks that is uncomfortable.
a library is a place for everyone.
but they can do it in another way, other than taking the book off the shelf.
i would hate for some little year old or year old to pick that thing up she would be scarred for life.
dear newspaper, i have heard you are creating an article on if computers are helpful or non helpful to society.
ms says the computer game has helped her.
she had her opinion and i also had mine.
the cyclists lack of water frustrates him, and the increasing steepness of the hills adds to his annoyance.
well having a computer allows this to happen.
the chief guest arrived on time.
secondly, computer can be used for learning different things as well.
this is where my next thought comes in.
if we start controlling each others thoughts, feelings, and artist ability where will that get our culture that is rapidly expanding?
parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters from the screen for dinner or a soccer game that started minutes ago.
this is why she concluded the story with a vow.
this law should be all the reason for someone not to ban something for what it says.
if a child finds something that their parents can be taken as offensive, then the library could possibly get sued and that would not be good.
personally i do not much use public libraries, but i often come to the school library to get stuff done or find a specific book.
the internet got for more technical in the past years.
my mother’s name is anita.
in opinion, they make our town worse.
i would have learned not only how to express and accept myself, but i might have grown to more easily accept others as well.
they should just keep an eye out of what kids are looking at.
any individual that is highly educated would see the pluses in computer usage.
it is truly impossible to make every single person happy with everything in the world.
i believe the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is showing that the hibiscus inspires her and gives comfort that no person could try and do.
people meet over the internet can be sometimes dangerous because some people lye about there age or put fake pictures of them.
instead of using them we could be getting the right amount of exercise, and spending it with family, and lastly enjoying nature and our surroundings.
computers made these things much easier for people to accomplish.
i agree so because one, it can help you to communicate with other family members around the world.
twice i found myself in very uncomfortable position.
however, hope is renewed when he thinks of the cool pines and rushing rivers of .
the author uses verbal irony when calling it a town town having it not really be a town anymore.
it also make the person feel violated and offended.
so in , i think should be censorship in libraries.
whether people think its offensive or not people still enjoy those books.
everyone has his likings and disliking.
the computer is also helpful for research papers.
this way no children would see the book anyway.
just learning how to work them is a new skill.
they were not cared for, and the doctors there had no medicine and instruments.
this advantage is allowing friendships and relationships to continue, is that really bad?
a library has books on nearly all subjects.
he also encountered dangerous animals like the diamond black rattles back.
those hills really affected him physically he gets tired from peddling up and down continually.
books materials like these make a difference in someone life other than you.
but with his determination and spite he pulled threw and made it to a fresh supply of water.
my father tells me all the time till this very day that music back in the day was appropriate for all ages.
another example is that computers allow people to pay their taxes.
then he said over the long crippling hill, a building came into view.
he mood is mostly proud and thankful throughout the whole story.
the features of the setting gradually contribute to the cyclists anger.
games make us disciplined in thinking and in actions.
so you think you are addicted, try to make a time schedule for your whole day.
there is also morals behind them.
i believe that having a computer can be a very cool thing to have and very useful when you need it.
they get to live in a house then .
there is , , , punk, &, etc like i said i could go all day on music.
the author involves the hibiscus to show that the girl and the will bloom the same time the hibiscus will and will pass the test.
a study shows that phone usage has gone down because adults and teens would prefer to email or instant message a friend.
i think those things affected the cyclist by dehydrating him.
this can bring you closer to the people you love, and help them get to know you a little better.
so what do they do?
help me help yourself avoid all of these bad effects caused from the computer.
if your child wants to grow up and be a fireman you do not tell them that it is offensive to people so they cant.
she told a bunch of friends and me about it.
now imagine this, your sitting in front of a computer, in a hot, stuffy room.
i also managed to get all the information just from my computer.
the snake is also another setback that the cyclist was fortunately able to escape.
i feel like none of them should be removed from the shelves of a library.
second, the reason why people get on computers a lot.
they gives us inspiration, and help us pull through life with the thoughts expressed in them.
there are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful.
but libraries are to learn about many things such as reading for fun, reading the newsletter, or just looking for random information.
so they check online and find about it there.
another reason as to why the setting affects the cyclist is that there is no one to get directions from.
addiction to computers is also a very negative impact.
i went to the neighbour’s house to play with his children.
smooth move, buddy.
you simply cannot please everyone.
a majority of parents would not want their children to be surrounded by all the effects that this brings.
for the same reasons, safety stop education, sites that are not appropriate to see.
another thing that students benefit from are online textbooks.
so they stay in business.
he is running low on water and at the one town he finds the water from the pump is undrinkable.
now i will write one paragraph about each.
so all the people of keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone needed for growth and moving onto the future of technology.
as you can see computers are important.
second the conditions of the road affects the cyclist.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
they can also help us keep in touch with our loved ones.
for example, you can research almost anything.
i recently seen photos of people who have been killed in the process of finding .
the computer gives you answer to question you have.
last but not least, watching tv take a lot of time and it makes us lazy.
but then again, a parent could bring their kids into those sections so they can find their books without leaving their child unattended.
though it still goes on i think that it is very closed minded.
sounds to me like computers have a positive effect on people.
the author is very unsure of where to go and begins encountering obstacles such as, tumbleweed, snakes and lack of water.
another reason i think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information.
ever since then, many people have had a better life.
when people try to put boundaries on what is offensive and what is not they can not .
censoring things can mess up the original message being brought to attention and anger many authors and musicians.
computers are one of the best technology we have .
without computers, people would be incredibly stressed, and have a hard time making life easier.
some of these ways are what some people are trying to get removed from our libraries and other places as well.
you are always thinking about just that and no other things in life.
the freedom to know would vaporize right in front of their eyes.
first of all computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
go on a vacation get away with your family.
those rooms would be for the books that are easily questionable for younger children.
the car hit the cyclist while taking a turn.
i do not believe that certain materials should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found offensive.
this is an approved message thank you for your time, goodbye.
do you have fond childhood memories that involve nature?
it is telling us of his childhood.
in the news or radio you always hear about some boy getting bullied and stuff at school.
so have fun!
that line right there is showing love.
kids now a days live on the computer.
million of information is found on the internet.
he not only made the thing but also strove for perfection.
i do not like serious-natured people.
is grateful that his parents moved to to give him a good life.
right after he thinks this he climbed away for the abandoned factory of juices and dreams.
it is one of the amendments in the ' of ', known as freedom of speech.
people are becoming addicted to computers.
computers are a tool that need to be used in an everyday life.
while the hibiscus represents the old memories of her past and homeland.
as a result, the british have to give freedom to india.
it is important for parents to let their children know what is right or what is wrong.
there was a store that was actually opened.
she wanted to make the best of things with what she had.
when he finds the bait shop hes relieved.
, i believe if things are on the shelf that come off offensive to people they should absolutely be removed.
dear of the , i strongly believe that computers effect us in a positive way.
censorship to most people means much more than the average syllable word.
it also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family.
also computers even broadcast national news.
and the last con of censorship in libraries is the lack of perspective and learning a book brings.
the computers in our school has helped our classes in social studies.
from a survey of children that spend more time on computers are better at tennis, and at baseball then others.
if for some reason the material is offensive or deemed as crude then it should go into a restricted section where permission is required to enter.
this is the amazing experience you can get from going outside.
most everyone uses computers!
, this quote show of some of the dangers the cyclist encountered.
obviously if the content was published in the first place it appeals to some audience.
these books, movies, magazines could show what is going to happen to you.
her name is bunny.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
you can even shop for houses or cars online.
they will find out anyways sooner or later.
there he shed his royal robes, cut his hair and become a monk.
lastly, computers have a negative effect because we rely on them too much!
dear , my name is and i do not no where to start this letter.
i agree that there are both good and bad effects to computers as well as most things in the world we live in.
also, when you meet up with them, you have more things to talk about.
in the memoir, the mood the author creates is peaceful.
so friends, save trees by not cutting them and make them happy.
study conducted by university, the computer is the most largely operated machine.
the reader that she attempted to adapt to her new home but failed.
i know a kid named who was playing on the computer when his friend called and invited him over.
another reason computers effect the lives and people the dangerous chat rooms.
for example: rap music, all that is, is just people taking about what color they are or how big or small they are.
so why not advance and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come.
who can tell you what you think is offensive or not?
they might have some things that really offend you or they might have some things that you really like.
the main thing today in our society is going green.
instead of online shopping, go shopping with your friends.
computers also help learn about other countries and the people that live there.
computers have a positive influence on people.
from the mans point of view, he probably thought civilization was many more miles away and he probably could not make it that for.
the desert setting, with its lack of water, shelter, and people was the cause of this mans concern and later panic about his own life.
people are very different in many ways.
nowadays, many jobs use computers.
are there universally evil books that no one should read?
one example of being offensive in a good way is the book '.'
not to mention the career paths involving computers directly, such as repairing or movie special effects.
the internet has a massive effect on us.
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
when it comes to younger children they are not going to know what to think and believe.
a sport or hanging out.
finally, people are slowly being their ability to communicate with family and friends.
i think that these reason will have you positive too.
for instance, if you are an adult you will most likely be looking in the adult section.
imagine how computers have helped shape the , do you want to give this blessing up?
waste her time on whenever is home, when could be going out and spending quality time with the family or out with friends.
thus, they disturb the class.
therefore, the advances in technology are having a negative affect on society.
kids are told many times a week by their parents, teachers, and other adults to go the library.
it is the way our culture is.
by stressing this warmth, it meant that it created memories.
if the prompt does happen to be including foreign countries, then i think humans do not have the right to influence what other people read.
all we have to do is instead of sitting for hours staring at a screen.
if you need to do projects and research, what better way to do them than on a computer.
our whole world senses is.
but, i believe that our town should not support advances in technology.
as well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it.
lastly, the use of computer puts a strains on social skills between friends and family.
the cyclist had no clue were he was going and it was hot out side.
also his friends could come over too.
i like most of what i hear, and see.
also, they say that you can learn more about someone in minutes of playing with them then in minutes of talking with them.
i think that computers are good thing to have around.
your loved ones they are always there for you when you need them.
also we can learn about faraway places like or .
computers nowadays offer wonderful software from that can make making slideshows, projects, and reports far easier.
i remember walking threw the library in town and seeing a large quantity of books.
people learn the most information out of a book or magazine.
that is not what needs.
kids around the country are being killed, raped, and bulled to computers.
if someone were to write a book about my religion, i would find it interesting.
every person should be allowed to produce their reflection of their believes or ideas.
could book a hotel online.
dear , i think that children are spending to much time on the computer for the wrong reasons.
also, average people get fewer workouts, according to , which was not likely directly influenced by overuse of computers.
find on the last ??
computers make work easier and neater.
plus where ever you go you will find the internet.
my first reason is people can meet new people.
there he works for the whole day.
so they can talk to their friends.
in games including, of , , etc.
maybe someone with the next big idea for the future.
also so its not just an ending where you never know what happens it gives you something to forward to.
well you want an answer and i will give you one.
i like to play with my kitty.i love her very much.
would argue that it was the greatest invention ever.
i do think that some materials should be banned from people under age, some from kids, and some from everyone.
the cyclist was in a desert.
the water was taken out of the man’s belly.
human only have so long to live.
my first hobby is gardening.
some people have different tastes in movies.
dear editor the source, , i have noticed that many people have been spending too much time using their computers.
although many disagree with the use of computers, there hand - eye, communications, and learning purposes are very important.
the person on the computer obviously does not care if they sleep or not.
with my own experience, i know these cannot be a worse kind.
sometimes the best thing to is get some fresh air and interact with others.
if the government notices citizens in our country with offensive magazines, books, movies, or music, is it right for them to grab it away?
the author concludes the story with this because she really cared the hibiscus.
the only thing that kept me away from the grasp of boredom during the trip was my portable computer, that i played games and watched movies on.
if you find something to be offensive, all that you have to do is not check the book or other material out.
i use the computer of .
they could us that money and buy better books and at a lower price.
the parts were the mood was very happy was probably parts that he could remember the most with detail.
also, teaches you homework that you did.
a house in the next street was on fire.
when i get older and have children, i believe that the library should be a kid friendly place.
as more & more people log on to technology, they seem to come out with new things for computers.
you can change the colors, font size, and font style on .
one example is when they talk about all being a family and letting people stay.
i think the author concludes the story with this because shes proving she has the strength to do something that she failed the first time again.
all the road was hills and rough.
my concern for public media display pertains to the concern of the impact on human lives.
however, the cycle is a good source of the body.
i remember one time when i was in the middle of writing a report online.
my opinion on the varieties of things found in our library are good.
finally you spend less and less time with you family.
censorship should by no means be allowed in our country today.
this quote shows how he was given love by his family and friends through these celebrations.
i never finished that book.
i for one do not like doing things, if they might offend someone.
dear newspaper, you agree that people could use computers all the time and never get off.
all this time with this fun could be spent doing studying or something to help you out in the future.
he does this through his word choice.
until the final paragraph, the tone in the story is depressing.
people that like to read go there to get a kind of book they want.
computers have caused people to forget ow to use manners and communicate in the real world.
i believe the libraries should carry the movies and if someone finds them offensive they should simply not watch them.
he sad when i tried a deep or two it had the flavor of a battery acid.
normally i would have to slave over books to find something.
you can never say that anyone thing is offensive to everyone because no one person can be everyone.
i do in deed believe that certain material should not be in public libraries, or places where young people can see it.
these reasons are knowledge, different sections of the library, and freedom.
the planting of the winter hibiscus represented her change as well.
at the start, when he came to a deserted shed with rusty pumps, he began to feel discouraged.
in conclusion, i think computer negative effect on.
my point is that with computers, finding information is fast and easy.
the hibiscus is a lucky charm to her to keep during the test to strive her to pass the test.
all of these libraries, however, have certain reasons to have these books.
those are two examples of how a computer can bring people together.
games, music, and videos are always on the internet.
most of our daily homework is on the computer.
should offensive material be removed from the library?
another student might have loved to read that book.
paragraph is all about how much the author cares about his parents and is very grateful to them.
so the mood created in the excerpt is loving and caring.
therefore also few towns, making it hard to get good advice and supplies and supplies.
we should destroy the computers.
you just sit there staring at a screen.
we should make it a lot harder for kids to try to get movies like this.
also it helps you with your hands by making you learn how to catch stuff and how to react quickly with your hands.
censorship does need to occur in our libraries and i believe it should happen soon.
so i think that computers are the best thing that we ever invented or who ever do.
the story is mostly about how much the author appreciates his family and what his parents have done for him.
the text states, a young pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
sometimes you hear about terrorist groups and other illegal groups, but usually they do not market to everyday people.
in the memoir he has a very happy tone because is his proud and thankful.
these are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship.
sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, on the other hand, instant messaging takes only a few seconds!
this is why we need to keep them all up.
there are many reasons to support this, but here are three.
the mood of this piece is graciousness and happiness.
if he were not lost and if it were cool outside he would have water and he would not be so upset.
some students make the best use of this period.
this stuff is something that should be by ages and ages to come!
the teacher’s table stands on a platform.
i am a really smart kid.
computers affect all of these areas of our lives.
playing games on the computer can be a nice way to relax.
with that being said, censorship is overrated, but some of the material at the library are underrated, and that needs to be handled and controlled
i have never cycled for long periods of time and can hardly imagine being pushed to such a state of exhaustion.
my third and last reason is their job.
censorship in libraries?
in conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education.
the cyclist had a hard trail to bike in order to get to .
but to some, the effect its giving on the people is negative.
this is a big part of teenager life.
if you need help to finding a book for your project ask the person at the desk where to find it.
they do not have limbs.
now movies with bad covers and bad titles could be pulled off the shelves such as all the ' ' movies.
i would say all the moods in this memoir is loving, caring, friendship, and equality.
so i figured out the hard way.
another great aspect of online communicating is long friendships can be created.
if so, i doubt many people would find it interesting.
my second reason is people spend less time exercising.
these are the reasons why i think that they are not spending to much times on the computers.
these are just a few of the things books are written about.
though it is the parents who should censor what the children read and listen to not the libraries.
now, do i thing that the books should be not given to students who are very young of age?
through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it.
personal life is restricted to certain rules and criteria.
the computer has plenty information about a lot of different places in the world.
in fact, of all the people in this who owns a , is addicted to computers.
why a laptop of course!
they give him a sense of comfort.
the setting affects the biker in many ways.
just want to make it fair for everyone since it is the public library of your town.
which i find really weird because things like that are going to happen in life.
i could not do my events for science so i got a on it.
then i went to the bookstall.
i feel that not having computers will in a way educate people more so than now.
this started to trouble him.
book censorship censorship in libraries are a major problem in the .
first people give him the wrong directions.
i do that all the time and i like it.
some people take offense to them.
something that is offensive to one person not be to another.
i would hate to live like that, and i hate to live like that, and i know my peers would agree.
my grandma and i would always go there and find an incredible family movie to watch together.
they communicate there more than they could without computers.
everyone thinks computers are so wonderful and can only positively affect you.
three, there is a better way to solve this problem
if some books or movies are deemed very offensive by public, then they should be placed in a special area.
in my own experience from reading the book i would have to say that these people are crazy and should reevaluate the the specific age they market to.
authors express themselves through books and articles, directors through movies, and musicians through their music.
there are many views that one can have on a single topic, book, or idea.
dear , i am expressing my concern to you about the side effect new technologies, such as computers have an humans.
if you think about all jobs that are happening today also of the computer.
so just talk to them and be real about things.
the pain will always be there.
lastly it also takes you away from enjoying life outside of the internet.
rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
some of the lyrics can really offend people.
the censorship in our libraries today vary from each library to the next.
dear newspaper, have you ever grabbed a nice cold cake and sat at your computer desk?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
they are also kept in water parks and tourist spots to perform tricks.
do you want you to be lacking that positive ability in life?
what is censorship?
finally, a computer is help when it comes to school or work.
electronics, kids sit on the computer all day long, while they should be out exercising and keeping fit.
you just plug it in and it ells you where go.
in the story the test was if she could overcome her homesickness.
it shows her blossoming because she changes from a negative mood to a positive one, after seeing the flower from her childhood memory.
there are certain things in life that you cannot control, and being insulted or offended is one of them.
he prepares his lessons.
but for you who do not, get other stuff.
computers can be very helpful when comes to student school work.
i found myself obsessed with it.
based on the memoir, the mood created by the author is one of friendliness, thankfulness, and caring.
with books for there age.
with this attitude toward outdoor activities i am not surprised that students wasting time on computers do not have time for family or friends.
when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take this test again.
need to make changes to what they do during the.
instead they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoying life!
this ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them.
every one has different views on ideas, and not everyone is alike.
clearly, it is better to spend less time on the computer, and more time exercising or spending time with family and friends.
computers are ruining us, they deter our social skills, damage our health and cause us to be lazy.
every reader seeks out a different style.
badminton originated thousands of years ago in india, before many of the other sports were commercialized.
this shows that this plant areas a lot to here.
i also agree with , she is right about how people spend too much time on the computer.
when the author put in the conclusion, it was like a light at the end of a dark tunnel.
children and adults do not need to learn or be influenced by inappropriate language on the computer.
who knows, maybe you will get a book that makes you think twice about what information is held in between the bindings
we ended up having to turn off the movie, because one parent found it inappropriate.
if you watch movies on or they do not censor the movies because those are movie channels only.
he memories of her old country start to get to her when she sees the winter hibiscus.
computers are really fun to play on.
to conclude, materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive.
too many teens nowadays hide in their rooms and play games on their computers and spend less and less time with their families.
the person could go online and search for a picture, which they will surely find.
this is our future if we allow the censorship to continue.
i do not believe that these types of books should be taken off of the shelves.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
if it offends you, just send it back to the library and warn your friends not to check it out.
some experts are concerned that people are using too much time on the computers.
lastly, i would like to tell you about just how much we can learn by using a computer.
are some rare examples.
this quote shows the adaptation she had to face in coming to .
social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time.
but, you can educate someone about the subject matter.
one time i was having trouble with fraction, in math.
for movies i think they should have an age limited for children.
the students have to pay for the food and stay in the hostel.
the family spends no time together what so ever.
what would you do?
they turn the words into short and to keep up with what people are saying.
books are the same way.
at that time the class teacher of my class came out of the principal’s room.
so these were reasons or some bad effects computers could have on people if your not go outside to do some activities or to hang out with some friends.
a second way to communicate with friend is by , a cheap and easy way to contact friends outside the country.
in result trying to censor libraries by removing books and music really is doing anything.
society today has changed the way we once viewed our sources of entertainment.
you will do just about anything to try to with stand the heat.
furthermore, we spend less and less time exercising outside because we are trapped in a technology revolution filled with inaccurate information.
library censorship is a pointless act due to the information provided on the internet.
so i think that people should keep using their computers but just make sure they fit everything else into it each day.
the reason why i would have a low tolerance of the censorship is because different people like different things.
there are some beautiful paintings on the walls.
my uncle takes very good care of brownie and the other horses.
so all this puts affect on him from just whats around him.
if you like to watch .
but it wont, for this we will live on in the after life.
the only time that this cyclist found water was when it and tasting of battery acid.
that contain offensive material from the shelves.
do what you think and feel is cool.
such items can include music, books, and movies, but i am just going to give you some of my thoughts on the issue.
the setting greatly affects the cyclist and his mindset.
losing this information is way for people to not be clearly informed, harming the future outcome of our society.
electricity helps to light up the streets at night.
dear, computers are useful they have a negative affect on people.
everything i do on my computer involves either typing a paper or printing research.
i support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
keeping in mind that not everybody likes to read books, they just find reading magazines and watching movies interesting.
many programs let you to people through the internet.
separate desks and chairs for each of us.
he had been riding on flat road when the terrain dramatically changed.
please reread and pick the right !
definitely, computers benefit society.
the answer is never.
very little of baby movies, and baby music.
detective stories tend to glorify crimes.
but not at all of us can afford to travel far away.
that effected me because when i heard it i went around people who were positive in my life saying it to them.
if made her hopeful .
if kids go outside and play with their friends they will have more fun.
without offensive books for the public to read, will create a better environment for the people living today.
bullying has caused death or many other problems.
i think so and this is why i believe that computers are a more positive effect than a negative effect on people.
scientist say computers have positive effect on people.
it read: rough road ahead : do not exceed posted speed limit.
our library has books almost on all subjects.
this is one reason why certain books should not be altogether removed from the library.
one day she came across a book on the top shelf of the fiction section.
other people actually use their computers for things that they need.
then no one should.
you ever want to communicate with your friends all day long without wasting minutes?
the girl also expresses somewhat how she feels about the geese and the plant.
i feel this way for several reasons, but three in particular.
some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them.
you not be able to make everyone happy but at least people can be more informed about the books they are reading.
with the way the media works, it would be difficult to remove all these items from libraries and stores.
should certain material found to be offensive be removed from the shelves of our library?
then the cyclist starts his journey with not a lot of water.
i think that if a book offends a certain group of people they should just simply not read it.
the world is full of offensive things period.
this is my opinion on computers, i hope you agree.
these are the reasons as well as more to why censuring in libraries would help the impact of lies to children lessen.
we cannot, as with rights, employ a system of censorship
we can reject, we can ignore, or we can absorb and interpret.
computers have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences.
the author creates a special mood in this memoir.
a person should be able to sit and listen to a nice song, or book without getting disrespected and offended.
before you bring books off the shelves, you should ask and write down what other people like instead of doing what you think is right.
in my opinion i say no to this question.
no, censoring books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
you can be able to type well and very fast after a while and improve your eye sight by reading your writing or notes for a paper.
spending time with family.
the author think that the setting means he is not getting any closer to his destination.
think about the conversations that go on in schools and at the work place.
you can also learn about far away places, like .
if this is true i certainly thing we should censor we out out in our public libraries and be careful if we take our children to the library.
do you have a project where you to learn about another country or another explorer?
all it took though was one person to complain about it, and boom!
i read a book that was offended to me, but it told me how to react to the situation and how to overcome my situation.
most people check out books or movies that they have heard about, so for the most part they know what they are reading be offensive.
also, research for school could not be done without the internet.
everyone reads different kind of books, whether its mystery, romance, or bible based books, people read.
computer helps the world in many ways.
the business side should be more then enough, for me to convince you.
due to seeing this they get bad ideas and possibly lead them the wrong way in life.
when a person listens to music, or reads a book, that person could take something differently from how the writer intended it to be.
people getting caught up on the , or people not having enough money to explore the world, so they just be on the .
no at the level and yes at the level.
one way communication in computers is my instant.
plus, computers also help you stay in touch with friends.
around the world many people sell their computers to get money to different stuff like, shoes, clothes or games.
she gives examples in the story that makes many people get many
voting is used in our society today and has been very effective for many years now.
she want to see if she could be on and try not will on the past .
should offensive material be censored?
everyone has their own personal opinion on what they think is offensive.
we reached there in the afternoon.
also, the geese move like she did.
i know now to keep a better eye on what my child is reading.
the whole range of knowledge is based on orderliness around us.
has the opportunity to be born in and having a better life.
but are all the libraries meeting their requirements?
and by hitting the key you want you are learning this.
there are a variety of computer games.
she gave me a for a project grade.
this shows the old man could be wrong and places can change.
the features of the setting, in do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him dehydrated, troubled, and relieved.
it was great to have the hot soup, as it made me feel warm.
even if bad books or magazines are on the shelve, children have the choice to pick them up.
in my opinion, i do believe we should not have overly offensive materials on the shelves.
or ' that ball, you meanie!'?
another example is communication.
do i think offensive materials should be removed from libraries?
computers are an essential learning tool for school system today.
there are many games out there that you enjoy.
so i emailed him and how i get a response and i fixed my laptop.
time is a big thing which many don' realize.
enjoying the topic or material is optional.
dear local newspaper: computers have become a major part of peoples lives.
i am mature enough to know not to act out on what i read, and i am already aware of most of the things that books present.
if you were one of the people that is glued to the monitor of your computer then i doubt you were.
for example the story was set on a highway set at which the cyclist was only able to do .
the features of the setting in the essay do not exceed the posted speed limit affected the cyclist in a negative way.
his parents made it into a home with loving memories and his family moments.
people all over the world use computers for something important, in case of emergency and much more.
its anonymous, and can be detrimental to the lives of others.
library check their inventory and notice a book be missing but guess what, by that time its already to late.
many people have different opinions on why the computer is so important to them, but most agree that friends is one big factor.
if people found a book or any type of material in the library and found it offensive, then they should take it off the shelf.
it relaxes you, pumps you up, it is used for parties, events, and so many other things.
it was free and welcoming.
all teachers should have their own website that you can get from there.
removing material from the shelves make some people happy, but it would also take away items that many people find enjoyable.
there is then hardware that needs to be bought and replaced, along with antivirus programs and other protection.
i personally think that is good for most kids.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
now with video, you virtually meet the other person, showing how lonely and individually separate you can of from others.
if a reader knows that this kind of reading offends them, then they should know better than to pick up the book in the first place.
you can send people or even chat someone.
is not the only person this has happened to.
another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take a way.
censorship is when a group of people agree that a certain book, song, movie, or magazine is found offensive in any way.
as you can see, there are many reasons why having a computer in the house is important.
movies are very good teaching tools and magazines follow that same path.
i feel like the reason why children listen to music is that some time the track relate to them in a way that a other person would not understand.
and finally, they allow you to do finances and pay the bills online instead of by hand.
i can see those anytime around town.'
these indulged in the online world are less interactive and showed more signs of depression in recent studies.
computers are helping people more than they are hurting them.
being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking out the birds' songs on the first day of .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
last but not least, people will eventually get tired of hearing bad things about someone.
writes about how told them what they did was a more courageous thing than ever could have done, and his admiration for their perseverance and strength.
just like the hibiscus flower and the geese.
not looking at a computer screen.
they start to eat their feelings because of how lonely they are.
for instance, he makes it to this town a guy swore was there, but it turned out to be abandoned.
everyone one goes to a library to learn more about what they like to do or read a really good book.
you can find year old on the internet now.
when one conceals information, that person is stealing the right of knowledge.
even if you do have a phone and someone you known is overseas.
the mood of this memoir explains how precious is a home and the memories contained in it.
but other people want to read this book.
it also helps you by telling you which places are famous to visit.
books even if they are offensive can show someones thoughts and ideas that could have changed the world.
some of the information on the computer is very helpful, but you can never really know what information is inaccurate.
with computers that number goes down into the thousands.
with technology like this they save with just a click of that mouse.
the parents of the child should be able to decide what a kid can read, listen, or watch, not a large group of people.
continue to gain weight, families fall apart and the economy collapses, all because computers.
we need to have rules in libraries.
life would be much slower without a computer to speed things up.
removing offensive books, magazines, music, and movies from the shelves of libraries would just cause more problems and complaints.
when the hibiscus is ready to bloom, she will be ready to drive.
checking out a book from the library requires the same decision.
dear local newspaper, i see why some people think that computers and technology are bad for society, i on the other hand strongly disagree with them.
there are many reasons and examples that support this.
whether those feelings are good or bad they get them out through song.
finally, the cyclist sees a building in the distance, but again, deserted.
of all, cherished every moment lived.
in the olden days, people used clay to put up walls.
they use profanity, show naked pictures, or take about things that a child is not yet supposed to be exposed to at that age.
a short film with a crop story and colouful atmosphere creates the desired effect without much words.
no child should be reading a book that has an intended audience of purely adults.
this is a positive effect on him because it saves him some time and effort.
he works hard as a student.
not just this was terrain hard to move around on but the path was thickest.
most people are offended by something and usually not everybody is offended by the same thing, which makes this issue impossible to deal with.
censorship is not always a good thing for children or anyone for that matter
in conclusion those are the reasons the setting affects the cyclist.
computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them.
like you are writing an article on dolphins, you could learn more about them.
on the other hand is a conservative.
adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers.
the conclusion sentence of winter hibiscus is one of realization of opportunity with spring beginning.
imagine walking into a library where the shelves are empty.
they undergo intense training before they join the army as soldiers.
books are meant to entertain readers in a good way and not teach them to become a violent person.
in libraries are some books,music, etc that be offensive to people.
and he gets a job
this is one reason why our public library should not have rated movies.
he listened to some old guys and he lost his way.
the most important thing was bringing family and strong relationships into the house making it an actual home.
this also shows that she thinks with more time to get used to her new home that she will be able to pass the test.
dear newspaper , i am writing this letter on behalf of all the busy people in our country.
second, they would check and compare hotels in .
from what the author says, times at home financially have been tough, but because they had such a loving family, everything was alright.
you can buy stuff at store by the comfort of your home.
the computer helps us with school.
also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store.
this is why computers are good.
of students wait till last minute to do their reports, on average, they spend over four hours on the computer.
they were no computers, and so you had to go look up your work in a educational book at the library.
watching videos or tweeting a friends.
sometimes he brings the note-books of the students to his home.
but if people got off the computers and traveled and enjoyed nature, they would be able to live it, not just see a picture.
i took the idea of waiting this letter.
the mood created by the author is happy and grateful towards his parents.
this quote shows that the narrator has realized that even though aspects of how life has changed, some things remain same.
something has to be done about this.
why because it has made us kids homework easier to do, and fun sites you can check out.
as he began to ride into the day break of morning he had strong legs and even a smile on his face.
in a normal society, learning leads to questioning.
interacting with people is a big part of our life its how we get , give orders and its a lot faster type of communication then sending a email.
with people always having different views it is difficult to take books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves for everyone.
even adults listen to this stuff and watch all of this stuff.
i remember when i was twelve, the news was saying that a school was taking books off the shelf because it offended one person in the school.
that is what i believe in
the author most likely concludes this story with the quote because she has renewed hope.
he states memories of his child that made him happy.
people should not have the complete say in the removal of books.
the author concluded the story with that because she is saying that when the year starts off and starts over, that she will too.
i would say he puts a kind of grateful mood in the excerpt.
which is kind of sad if you ask me.
of have a computer at home.
the author concludes the story like this because she is not ready to move on with her life.
i think people should spend more time with their families and their friends then spending it on the computer.
the reader at that point would expect for her to be very sad and depressed.
offensive material could also be learning material
in the past there has been some movies that make fun of people for the way they act or just something they did in the past.
computers also give us the ability to research places and things we never get the opportunity to see in person.
it was six in the evening and cold winds were blowing strongly outside.
many other people also come running.
however, many find certain pieces to be offending in some way, shape, or form.
i remember this one time when i was watching channel news and a years kid fainted from playing a computer game for too long.
surrounding it there are nine main
would you want to know something about?
going through this desert he ran out of water so he stopped.
for me, computers are a place to have fun with all the different applications.
computers benefit society and have great effect on people when they are balanced our with other important things such as exercise and socializing.
the is so helpful.
one of my fathers friends had everything on his computer.
computers help you learn things better than any other technologies.
just as the flower will bud, she will be a new person and thus pass the test.
they either tell me it is a good novel or tell me it was horrible.
and this is true.
experiences hard times, but we all must be strong and steadfast as we wait for our time to bloom.
in conclusion when the author talks about his family, and his life he gives off a very cheerful, and welcoming mood.
its movie night, all your friends are going.
if it is a public library then the visitors should have the right to choose what books go on the shelf.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly in his determined ride.
that someone else happiness is the true gift of life.
when he first sets out, the pine trees and rivers kept him cheerfully riding through the landscape.
that is mostly & always more important than computers because they are always always going to be there for you.
she is all alone making her feel small and helpless.
the author also described their friendship with their neighbors.
they made paper boats and started floating them.
its paddles are conveniently located near the feet of the driver so one can easily paddle this vehicle.
it always is a terror that falls violently.
when i really wanted a bike i saw my mom end up getting it for my birthday.
secondly, magazines are an advertisement.
lastly, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people.
these are features that had an affect on the cyclist.
such as falls, rain forests etc.
their happy because their all a family living together as one.
they help us when we need something or have to do a report.
the computer would see what level there in like a regular teacher.
is a fanatic for science and history.
if you have a computer you will have video games.
first of all, computers are proven to be the second best source of education, behind school, along with the best source of information.
clearly, computers make it easier to talk to people.
the hills make him run out of water and energy even quicker.
so when it comes down to censorship in libraries, or anywhere, its just a bunch of opinions.
each more mile he keeps telling himself, if i can just get there ill be fine.
we take if you are caught doing , you can go to prison.
i say who cares?
what would i read?
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
geese fly south for the winter to stay warm.
it also allows us easy information to help write the essays.
but with confidence, determination, and the relief of the success he was able to overcome the obstacles.
their are better things to .
the library a place for all sorts of books for anybody to come and have the right to check them out.
i began breaking the ride down into distress i could make it test for.
computers always warn us about them.
do you want that or slow information found in a boring book?
if we waste our time and overtax our minds and bodies, time shall waste us.
and last the service.
thinking that nobody cares about them.
i personally feel that computers are a marvelous tool to help mankind advance.
but for the library to have things like that on their shelves is just very offensive to parents and other .
dear , name is and i am here to give you opinions about computers.
all through the day, he works with his students.
any event or occurrence of importance that takes place is reported by the newspapers.
there will always be things that we wish not to see in life.
in conclusion i strongly believe that these materials should be left on the shelf.
in conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer.
since humankind has had writing we became more intelligent, taking books off all of the shelves would revert us to primitive beings.
therefore, i do not believe that certain books should be banned from libraries.
dear, local newspaper, i hear that you think computers have an effect on people.
in the end computer can help kids, adults, or teenagers.
and finally if you want to learn about the world, great!
also of students in my school say that the computer ha s helped them a lot on school projects.
other children could show the book to other peers.
i know nobody would want that for sure.
for example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash.
obesity is not the only problem that is damaging their health, their eyes are being damaged also.
by saying she would try to pass the test again in the spring is showing she is confident and is looking for a new beginning to come then.
having a more positive day and going out and saying i read wonderful book that taught me something new in life would be the best thing to hear.
i am asking for your help to do so.
so why should your point of view affect another person.
i was trying to find a book to read for an essay i had to write.
many of these companies let us take these devices to allow as to do everyday things.
there are various kinds of dogs, such as german shepherd, alsatian, and pomeranians etc.
the computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history.
computers help people with working, learning, and even communication!
from the people who are gaining weight every day because the sit on the computer and chat all day.
she plants it in her garden.
censorship has a job to protect us from many unnerving topics and i agree that certain books should be taken off the shelves.
finds out a new website there going to tell there friends and there going to pass it on and on.
i use it to do homework.
when games and instant messaging starts to take away from studying and exercise there is a huge issue.
or do you want interesting news that will keep you newspaper going.
man cuts down trees to get quick profit from them.
we all know that human life without an ambition is useless.
if it has nudity or sexual content it will tell you or be put in a different section.
computers are very helpful now, mostly every thing gets done on it.
researching topics is not the only way to get false information.
someone else is probably writing this essay with the total opposite response to this prompt.
books and magazines need to be censored according to there content.
i believe that computers are an major impact on people.
soon the time is over.
he is a good cricketer.
doing everyone a favor.
letting society ban a book simply for the use of inappropriate materials is ridiculous.
using computers to type are also faster than writing a paper.
the mood in the memoir is love, family and happiness.
to me i think every thing should stay.
the author wrote of rough terrain and isolation.
i personally know a family that is very protective over what their children read, watch or listen to.
those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas.
when she completes and past her test she wants to come home to the beautiful surroundings to remember that day.
my name is and i think computers are not bad.
children are going to end up hearing bad words, seeing inappropriate things, and reading offensive passages in books or magazines.
another part about censorship is where to draw the line on what is offensive enough to be censored.
this is not what the author wants.
there should not be any banning of books.
right here, he is saying that he thanks his parents for the life they had given him.
first of all, people are to busy on their computers that they spend less time.
we should not give anything to those beggars who are healthy but they don’t want to.
this is because the author tells what his parents gave up just for him to have a good life.
soon enough, kids are going to think that everything they are seeing and looking at will be okay and soon act upon it.
if you need to find out where something is you can always count on the internet.
the could be years of to enter the room.
i felt especially warm inside when he talked of his fond memories with friends.
the mood that the author was trying to create was a sense of hope, family and happiness.
the mood that the author of this memoir is one of love and togetherness.
although if the book is voted to stay in the library, i believe the book should be labeled in the correct area.
libraries are many libraries throughout the that stock their shelves with materials such as books, magazines, music and movies.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family.
also, lastly, it less your hand.
i can easily check scores or last nights games, listen to music, and play solitaire by myself.
the old men ended up leading him into the middle of the desert.
when he talked about the different cultures and races coming together and becoming a solidarity made the feel welcome to everyone no matter what race you are.
this is my first reason why we should spend less time on the computer.
personally that is what a library should be like to me.
computers are a bad habit, even though we might need them, its better safe, then sorry to do it the old fashion way.
by the end of the story she has more confidence that she will succeed next time.
we have learned many great things from the internet.
the community and comes together to help out those who needs a hand.
the only thing you can to change it is to rip out pages and that only waste your money to a new book.
if people spend all their time on computers, then do they exercise.
the parents were happy about what they did and who they loved.
in a great deal of different types of literature censorship is touched on by the authors.
many young kids these days are watching , they see computer game commercials there parents buy them the game, and all of a sudden they are on it .
the gurus of ancient era are now addressed by ‘sir’ or the last name.
movies are like books but you get a visual of whats going on.
everyone loves staying on the computer.
when you are writing a paper for an class.
music is another good way to express yourself.
there are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day!
so people out there, get off your computer.
they are helpful for getting your local weather.
the cyclist still has high spirits.
take for example a book about .
putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea.
dear newspaper, i think computers have a good effect on people.
food music and all.
if think the author did a very nice job.
i think that some people are not getting enough exercise and i also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too.
when i was younger we would sometimes watch movies in the after school program i attended.
censorship is a terrible practice masquerading as a boon.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
computers are big deal in our community.
they have the same right to have those books, movies, and magazines on the shelves as you do!
it was not too hot yet in the morning.
have such a good lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty for ruining that?
finally, the cyclist is greatly relieved when he sees the bait store and that people are there.
therefore he drank more water.
so you do!
censorship could allow us to keep track of what our children and teens view.
we had a lot in common and i was glad to have made a friendship with .
the author thanks his parents repeatedly for their strength.
she fastened me in and off we went, back to the library.
they also get receive an unconventional or unintended education.
my mother goes twice a week to the market to buy various things.
their best skill was cooking, which was fun and relaxing to them.
somehow, i was able to get inside the bus.
dear local newspaper, do you feel about the advantages and disadvantages of owning a computer?
without computers we would not be able to type documents as quickly, communicate, and find information in a fashion.
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home.
now that i told you all about libraries, i hope you learned something from it.
censorship is simply a way of preventing knowledge from those who wish to learn more about worlds outside their own.
so really, either way you try to remove any material that you think is offensive but is it your right?
people need to mind their own business and stop thinking the world revolves around them.
some can be a bad influence on younger kids.
however for those who would find this beneficial do we want to simply go against our and deprive them of that information?
people will always read no matter what.
you would be removing sources of entertainment and ways of learning from people.
they could gain offensive language or talk about it at school and that material could spread.
the theme of the story is adjusting to new circumstances and making the best out of each change.
in conclusion, i believe that our world is harsh and also beautiful.
with all the money libraries and schools save they can put it towards something learn fulfilling.
in addition the computer benefits students very well.
if a library takes certain books off of their shelves, then they could be taking away a type of literature that people are interested in.
this memoir relates to people and real life.
last but not least, if we took out everything in libraries that are offensive, then we would know longer have libraries in our communities.
i wanted to go near them.
i mean you can do new exercise, train for dance competition or learn new magic tricks for you magic show.
by family it means how the other immigrants came together as one and helped one and another.
this prevented her from focusing on the test.
but this does not mean that that work should be banned!
once they lose hope they wont try as hard to keep going and they will lose some of their strength.
my opinion is to let them stay.
by making simulation of the titanic a space ships or the floor.
i think that this is great.
hibiscus is budding this way the flower will be starting new and so will she.
one they can really hurt your eyes, two it is not safe if you have little kids in your house.
i believe that everyone has the right to choose what book should be banned form their children,but not from the public.
this is also helpful because if you are working on a project, and your mom cant you to get books at library, then there you go!
people get called names all the time.
book and magazine should be read and not just sit and be displayed.
when censorship of television comes into question i believe that this is the reason we have ratings.
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
she is missing home when she sees a hibiscus in a flower shop.
therefore, why censor
today, wherever you go, there is technology being used.
yes, maybe computers are away time with family but what about or in that you have at to in over a year?
being able to type essays, play games and socialize, and order products form websites is just amazing.
that goes for movies, music, magazines, books and more.
that is exactly what i said to my brother after he had read the front cover of a magazine in the library one afternoon.
that means that it is open to anyone and everyone.
the library is where they get the books from.
the truth of this statement would not be hard to prove.
you can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country.
do you or that person think that it would make a difference if that one book, book or movie was removed from the shelves?
i knew that when i was old enough to read those novels, they would still be there on the shelf waiting for me.
there are many kinds of books, music, movies, and magazines in one library.
you use computers to edit and put together your paper before printing.
the answer is no, just let it be.
the features of setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
first off, no one is the same, what might be bad to someone else can be good to another person.
a rainbow is an arch or a bow of seven colours, that
but if you choose not to utilize the internet, there are many programs that are very helpful for learning.
as he came to the first town, he describes it as a ghost town having no water and no human contact for some time.
computers are made it do all to help us learn.
i though it was ridiculous because it was only a movie, and it was harmless.
to whom it , i have recently heard about your argument on the effects that modern day computers have on society.
if you are doing a history project and you need more information and pictures, log onto a computer and it.
overall the main mood of this memoir is gratitude.
what is appropriate in libraries these days?
computers, as we all know, are a limitless source of knowledge.
on the to do i when my brother would let me use the play again.
in conclusion, its easy to see why the computer and its resources are so loved.
it can come from the parents, their friends, teachers anybody.
with this, their safety is at risk.
the author ends the story this way for a few reasons.
you need to relax and just take a brake.
you could build a lot.
library should be a place for learning, doing work, and reading.
and who are we to decide what a person decides to educate themselves about?
secondly, they make things very easy to do.
my first reason is, computers can be used for research.
dear post, computers have been here for a while now and taking them away would be like forgetting all the progress we made in technology.
so you go online and learn everything and anything about .
an ideal citizen knows his rights and responsibilities.
i think also, if a young child or teenager cant see, read or hear those types of things than they should not be in there period
computers allow people to play a wide variety of games.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph she did; to tell people never to give up.
most websites give the ability for anyone to do so.
thank you for taking the time to read this & i hope you will look into what i said.
the mood created by the author was one of happiness, love, and caring.
there are lots of books about freedom fighters, warriors, kings, etc.
she answered yes.
one narrator states i eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated ).
in pursuance of a hobby, one can enjoy one’s leisure and learn at the same time.
getting information has never been so easy.
as , we are entitled to both freedom of speech and freedom of the press.
all of them are about people who do drugs, are suicidal, and do sexual related things.
they read books about sex , guns , and many more because they think its exciting well guess what its not!
he brought with him the love of cooking.
computers are excellent tools that could help students with work in school.
that right in the quote that is feeling grateful!
the home lived in had many happy memories, and instilled that family and friends were important no matter what.
there are always going to be negatives and positives, but libraries tend to stick with the positive side.
people are also losing the ability to interact.
dear newspaper of , the use of the computer is a controversial topic.
for example, kids with cancer, or even need to check them can let you talk to this kinds in.
when you talk about the book , you think what a great book.
thank for reading about how we need to mange our time issues, how we use the computer and computer dead.
you can hear the latest stories on everything, and you can keep your information down for yourself.
for example when teenagers read about people doing drugs that could influence them to engage in those type of activities as well.
the headache became severe.
they be offensive but they teach us many things.
this helps us increase our hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, the letters on the keyboard, and push them.
dear paper, name is and i am writing this letter on the count of the computer issue.
that be way many are over weight.
science also benefits from computers.
yet some people refuse to accept computers are now apart of every day life.
for example, the heat is constantly drying the biker out.
why would you take a book off of a shelf because it offends one or a couple people?
how would you video chat with someone without or ?
who is to say what is or is not offensive?
everyone has their own likes and dislikes, not two peoples are the same.
for instance, my six year old sister goes on a website that teaches you things in a fun way.
i choose this saying because it shows you if they are able to come back after everything that has happen she can to.
with a computer you can do home work extra fast, no having to go to the library to look stuff up.
typing is a big part of your life.
so much is missed because of computers.
make an alternative section for all the offensive material in the library instead of taking it out completely.
he has a farm.
exercise must be took part in to burn fat and calories, but it is also needed to build and maintain muscles.
literature is a strong item when it comes to persuasion.
to , computers can be both and positive but i chose to look at things through a positive eye and i think you should too.
my car can run at a very high speed.
i have seen people, classmates in particular, that do not desire to read because they feel that a novel has offended them.
movies like this should be banned from public libraries.
dear editor, have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important?
another reason students use is to look up information for reports.
also, in , the author talks about how his parents nothing about the country when they came and how the struggled financially when they came.
also, people should be able to speak their minds.
that saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees!
last week i went to my uncle’s house in green park.
are books and other things found in libraries offensive to some?
interacting with people is very nice and touching.
the mood of this memoir is being thankful and is presented in all these different ways.
we all know that it your out side when its hot, you get hot too.
i am in grade at mystic middle school.
offensive is only used in the first part, but not in the second, and the same material was used.
where would we be in the world if no one encouraged or pushed someone else to do what they wanted?
say if you are in a gang and you watch movies and read you would find out what happens to the gang, it could change your thoughts.
you have to control under the books.
you can even order tickets for planes, trains and movies.
the library also should at least check what the book is about when it arrives at the library.
you can buy plan tickets.
how to make this noble dream possible in the present day unrest?
i think computers are good to have because most are portable, there fun to have, and you could research a lot of things on them.
i hope you will consider my thoughts.
he finally got to the next town to live.
it is this positive, happy outcome that makes the mood so bright and positive.
everything was fine until he ran out of water and reached the hills.
some say that the computers are good for the society.
also his mood is from the music.
another thing amazing about computers is that you can learn about far away places and people.
in the memoir the authors tone is loving.
others are made of bottles and clay.
in reading i have noticed that societies that practice censorship tend to have angry citizens.
everyone has a preference in works of literature, such as books, magazines, movies or music.
people will always have a choice to do what they want in most cases.
all the feature of the area have a have a big affect on the cyclist.
show that your watching on the computer, to even spend time with loved ones.
this genre of music needs to be taken off the shelves.
those are three of the most important reasons why i think computers benefit society.
an examples from the is.
me and my do not like that.
also, the book be very enlightening to another person, and removing it completely would be unfair to them.
well, if you really think about it computers help you.
she was a window and her son jim needed a pet.
they carry very helpful information.
i personally have to log into the computer to type an essay for a class at least twice a week and some even more.
lastly, their bills will get higher.
it just depends in what ways censoring is used.
to one it seem like all they do is seat themselves in a pull a few levers, and push a few buttons.
now she told my family and i that she was badly offended by what they were called and what they were about.
we researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional holidays, and their way of entertainment.
with having lack of water with such distance to go the cyclist stuck pebbles in his mouth hoping to forget about his thirst.
computers take away too much to be spending so much time on.
sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs.
lastly, you can even have fun, relax, and type out your papers for reports.
there will be nothing left in the store.
ultimately, libraries need to take action and dispose of the offensive materials that pose a threat to our society
where will it end?
along with movies,and etc.
when a student forgets the homework, they can just go on their teachers online page and check what he assignment was for that night.
they are also a great way to learn.
if libraries still want to keep certain books in stock, they should start an age limit on those books.
also explains about his community and the diversity there.
by removing certain materials out of libraries would cause reader attention to why their being removed.
he talks about faith, love, courage, and just the overall niceness of his home and community.
when they see inappropriate items on library shelves, what do we do?
parents do not want their children to look at this and get the wrong idea.
obviously internet is a great socializing activity.
should not be removed if they are found offensive.
not and old one because it can breakdown.
now you know what the computer can do to you.
he thank them for teaching him so many things as a child and the environment he grew up in.
dear all computer lovers, i do think you are all spending too much time on the computer.
without even leaving your house.
there i could get the leftovers to eat.
after all, when everybody has a chance to say what is offensive there will be no books left.
this system gives parents the ability to keep their children away from harmful material, without taking it out of the hands of adults.
they make his journey seem hopeless.
the cyclist was traveling during the summer time, which was the hottest time of the year.
on the other hand, if someone kicks you of the computer you can always get that six pack you wanted.
currently, there has been a debate on whether or not computers benefit society.
interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun.
they say this because a computer screen catches peoples attention.
and if you wanted, you could even join the local gym for a month.
therefore the nature of where his bike passed, and the things he saw affected his choices and ability.
while you can be on the internet for about day to night and still pay the same price.
removing movies and magazines that contain pointless offensive material from the shelves could be a good thing.
the irony continues as he becomes dehydrated and the flat land turns hilly.
this shows that he was very thirsty from lack of water.
even after this and many other articles have been written about the topic, it will still remain a topic of much debate.
the author had concluded this story with this paragraph to make it as if they were on a clean slate like they had started over.
it , you have realized that computers do benefit people.
the internet is filled with websites made to benefit our , one being ; .
finally computers can also be used to learn new information.
i believe that it is unjust because the girl not have had anywhere else to go to get the information about her project.
one condition on why a book,movie,magazine,music,etc would be removed would be if everyone agreed on it.
everyone should have some relationship.
should be censored and removed from a library if found offensive.
how can you never things do.
you cannot keep them shielded from commercials and people advertising these things themselves, but what you can prevent you should.
without computers, who knows where our society would be?
there mostly for older teens and grown ups.
look at the cover and if it seems appealing, get it.
kids go to the library they look for book that catch their attention.
a library is a place you go to that has books, movies, music, magazines, etc.
many people go to libraries; such as children, parents, and grandparents.
everyone likes different things and has different views.
the narrator is grateful for all the great times in life him and his parents had together.
would you want someone judging your belief or opinion?
in this memoir, you can tell really cares about his family, especially his loving parents.
that creates a mood of happiness and love.
the reason being on why i stopped being his friend was he to get mad if i come over there to ask if he can come outside.
they help students catch up or fully understand something.
so why is there a question on including new knowledge?
it maybe crazy to think that a kid would go out and murder someone because he saw people do it in a movie, but it could happen.
they see an older kid fighting and they want to try it out.
the setting had a great effect on the cyclist.
thaipongal is a harvesting festival.
my brother is still too young to go to school.
everything in this world can be offensive to somebody.
just keep that in mind people.
what happens when someone says the bible is offensive.
going over all those hills can really tire someone out.
she vows that in the spring, when the hibiscus is budding (restarting its growth cycle) she will restart too and retake the test.
it should not be the libraries own job to say what you can and can not check out.
if a teacher assigns a book to read and your child does not feel comfortable with it, then take it up with the teacher.
dear local news paper i believe the computer has a positive effect on people.
to keep the society from becoming offended, or for that matter, thinking.
but the trip he makes changes his mind a lot.
a third mood in the memoir is love.
now say you came back and attack the problem again.
where ever you look you can find a computer.
protecting your children from things that offend you, stop them from growing up badly.
he or she should not throw a tantrum over something that they find offensive while other people find very enjoyable.
however, that is life and there will always be something come up in your life that you should not witness or be apart of.
you also wonder about the amount of exercise those people would have, and would they be able to interact with friends and family members.
obviously, computers are growing exponentially in popularity.
also a computer can help you with your education.
another problem with computers is how safe they are.
this he meant that no matter what background their neighbors were from, they always welcomed each other.
second, i would like to talk about some of the books libraries have.
it would lower its popularity.
your choices are endless!
computers help tech you things entertain you.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
finally, i would like to tell you about the fun things you can do on computers.
it was a deserted, run down area.
the effects on the computer puts on us can vary.
now people can simply type up an email and hit send.
it seems today we attempt to censor everything, but are we going too far?
he works hard to earn his bread.
however, some movies are okay for some people and their age.
it was great because it was right on the computer.
a young man-knight without armour-offered me his seat near the exit.
teenagers on the other hand is a whole different story.
he also loved how his parents made their own home.
it is proven that people too to fifteen years old spend an average of - hours of their free time on a computer.
since libraries have many different kinds of magazines, books, and movies, it is not always a safe place to just let your child roam around.
one of the things that sparked our countries secession from , was censorship.
the author wanted to convey a sense of hope to show the growth of her character, and to show how thing are going to change.
so there, you can be on task and get ready early.
they are the perfect tolls in modern society.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
these materials not be offensive to some people, but it can be to others.
overall the main mood of this memoir is loving.
but, many people do not think about the negative affects of computers.
i also find it faster to type then print.
they can even make you sick or angry, but they do not harm anyone.
what about how hours of research are two clicks away?
this type of music is triggered towards the three ideas of sex, drugs, and violence.
for example, , be there very own website.
not everyone is offended by the same material.
exercising, a very important thing for a healthy body and mind have a hard enough time finding time to do this.
also, if the terrain was flat and smooth, the cyclist had less problems making the long journey.
stop being lazy and get out.
we can do it, we will fight!
finally the last way a library could help is by making sure the child is old enough to check out a book or a movie.
ride a bike!
they give out oxygen and make the earth clean and cool.
some content could be offensive to not just children but also to teenagers and adults.
the modern bathroom had good, cold water.
its a library, they are going to have a bunch of material.
the main character is faced with a problem of man versus nature and the heat is winning.
it is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer.
the author describes the setting of the first town as, the traditional definition of a ghost town.
and yet i was full of apprehensions.
thus, a poor but healthy man is better than a rich but sick man.
through computers they can talk to them as long as they want at no expense.
it should not be hard to find these sections because usually the children section has toys and puzzles in them and children theme walls.
that is why computers are so positive.
inside of this book could be countless inappropriate pictures and profanity on every page.
computers are so much fun and make life easier.
so now hes riding and angry that he took their tips.
plus, nature and the fact of being outside inspire you to continue a diet, or begin one, seeing how healthy and perfect the outdoor can be.
rather a old movie or a new release.
books, magazines, music, and movies make the world and everyday life what it is.
my future is now very uncertain.
most people will think that most books, magazines, and music are bad for the kids and for the adults.
she closed her eyes and breathed in, deeply.
the school can have a bad image from the students.
the people behind these pictures and profiles not be who you think they are.
the features of the setting are cool pines and rushing rivers, however, the cyclist comes to find that the rushing river is not so refreshing.
this is why computers have a positive effect on people and everyone should have a computer.
go learn what you want right now!
computers can take precious time away from you that you could be sharing with your family and friends.
you use your computer to much you can be at risk of becoming obese.
the cyclist is in the desert in the summer time with hardly any water.
the first reason they should not remove offensive materials from the library is because you will not make everybody happy by doing that.
in libraries there are some reading materials, that some find offensive.
no one is a robot that repeats what they do over and over again.
those are some the best reasons why a home computer is better than not one.
of every period, volumes can be written on what man wanted to know and how he learned.
and instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary.
so i say the computer is important in our society.
dear local newspaper, i also agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
she was so successful.
she wants her students to be tidy and well disciplined.
also your going to have to eat and when you get exited your going to want to eat more.
movies that talk about and .
your child is not there to be addicted to computers your child is there for education!
features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
in the following you will see why i computers have its benefits to the society.
her mother adds to the theme of starting over by saying.
i say again, thank you for taking out your time to read this.
these have been what i believe some of the effects settings have on cyclist.
everyone expresses themselves in their own way.
they certainly take the best parts of online interaction and put them together.
the sea is used as a road to transport goods and passengers from country to country.
the mood created in this memoir is comfort.
where cyclist was gave him more disadvantages, then advantages.
you want get excise.
the heat affects him because he gets extremely hot and tired.
when i was younger, i remember going to the library all the time for movies and books.
after looking at the screen for so long your eyes will begin to feel the affects of the lights.
their are different kinds of people that like to read different kinds of things.
one way that he expressed this in the memoir was by saying that his man had let in other immigrants to their house.
while he was riding he notices that there is nobody around to help him if he gets in trouble or needs water.
i state this because the web has many things to do.
then they invite you to do activities and.
the hibiscus encouraged her to except her new life and keep trying to make it better.
i believe that all types of materials should be placed in libraries to satisfy the different styles of what people like.
computers are essential to these people.
i believe that if it is unsuitable for others does not make it unsuitable for some.
what if one day you took a trip to the library, and you came across a book that was offensive?
when you think of .
my last reason is they were most grateful for their home and how their parent turned a house into a home.
one of them is .
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
to me that sounds like something with a positive effect, would you say?
the author created a warm, loving mood throughout the memoir.
it gives capability to do more than you can imagine.
what will be next?
online also helps because you can pay bills to gave bank and it overall saves a trip to the bank & a waste of gas.
i think society spending too much time in the computer.
computers have allowed over citizens to get their education right in their home at a price they can afford.
computers have made life easier for many through communication, making a positive effect on them.
i think has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers.
but today everything is done by machines.
i have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents.
this not only comforts her it also makes her miss her old home more.
there are little kids that will want to look at anything they can get their hands on.
weather it be a different culture or even schoolwork, a computer is helpful.
today, there are many books that teach or give a bad message.
we sat together and had our lunch.
this girl just failed her driving test she dose not want to take it right away.
the sun was shining and a cool breeze was blowing.
i just gave you some reasons why i would say that.
another way, i think someone could spend more time on a computer is working on a report.
to me computers are just a trouble in our lives.
we all should keep these materials as a reference to future generations.
another example, is you can use it for projects, get all your information and be prepare for a great project.
how can you determine if something is offensive?
if there is something on the shelf, someone can find something offensive in it.
this is my first reason.
its a easy and fun way to stay in touch with friends and even you family.
people the computer is something good and cool.
computers allow people to see each other from different places in the world.
computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors shapes and sizes.
this communication element is very important just like how they will help for the future.
the answer to that is through our history.
computers do benefit society because they are fun, a source of communication, good for schooling and education, and for work.
its that simple.
you can tell someone what is going on and call the cops.
more kids would be educated, so less of them would be curious enough to do any of that stuff.
they say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting false information and viruses.
tons of these people have not seen were .
this is accentuated especially in the dark psychological science fiction novel by , .
i also do all the writing on it too so it wont look messy but instead, clean and neat.
should be censored in some cases.
whether it is a magazine, movie etc everyone in the world is going to see it some way or another.
along with the programs to write a paper, you can use the internet and google to get the information!
those machines also damage the eyesight of humans bulling is the worst effect of computers.
his family realized that buying him that computer was of the best ideas.
this gives a loving and caring feeling.
this creates the mood of hope because his family knew that other people would do the same for them.
the features of the setting strongly affected the cyclist.
how many times has it been said that communication is key to a healthy relationship?
then that one special book you wanted to read is now off limits.
, enjoy nature live life the way it needs to.
a sense of relief came to him, like that shop was his safe haven.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
the plant connects her previous life and home to the life and home she lives now.
lastly he describes all the memories and celebrations that helped shape his house from a living space into place of love and friendship.
another reason libraries should not be censored is that eventually nothing would be left.
computers have a positive effect on people because jobs are using them frequently.
his music is just i of his life.
they even offered us tea.
the computer is able to do so many things.
she works harder.
the internet is a very dangerous.
we all wore nice party dresses.
the native country of the ostrich is af-rica.
a favorite book of many kids is the series.
from my own experience, people in my elementary school were not able to enjoy reading a popular series of books at that time period.
using a computer can help you learn about different people from around the world.
no one stopped him.
the invention of the radio changed the world.
my third reason was you can meet people.
it tells us that character can not do what he is trying to do.
now, it is seen as one of the most famous works in literature.
another positive effect of using computers is the resource and information provides too you.
my personal opinion is that censorship is useless because it ruins it for everybody because one person got offended.
my second reason is, you can stay fit while being on the computer.
there is nothing offensive in this section and it should not be removed.
a mother of a student in .
these feelings are subjective; almost nothing is universally offensive or universally appropriate.
nothing would be left to read, listen to or watch.
their career will have gone down the drain because there is no future in offending others.
i myself enjoy a wide choice of materials from libraries.
, this soon changes.
instead of carrying a text book, you can just use a megabyte book on the internet.
all of this talk about computer being bad for society really got thinking.
most who are very pole also never get to outside using the internet all the time.
then, when done, you can print it, or even send it straight to your teacher.
some things are good about magazines because they show you posters of some of the super stars in the music career.
personally i believe that items that are found offensive should be left on the book shelves.
in this essay i will reflect my views of this subject, backed by true facts that i have learned from many passed experiences.
the most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life.
more than half the time, the internet has beyond enough information for what i need.
we all have a right to read, watch, and listen to anything we please.
my third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer.
but, you need to get up and exercise and computers are preventing people from doing so.
i bet there are many people that have that same issue.
but other movies are not even bad.
google is the most common thing that everyone uses.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i support the advances in technology.
my third opinion for computers is that some people are to ill to go to work so they work online.
it would be much simpler and healthier to just walk over to their house.
then she would say well was the one who watched the movie.
with the ability to talk with another for work would make us a lighter nation.
some of the older people think different and others they think the same.
the hills also affect him because it is hard to peddle up hills.
i believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today.
but it was her choice to pick up the book and read it.
taking books out of the libraries will not change anything.
everyone has a opinion, if a book is offensive to you it might not be offensive to someone else.
things like music, movies, and magazines are interesting to us.
many of these have novel ideas that help shape our society for the future.
it is up to them if they want there kid listening to or reading material like that.
this reminds her of her old home watching the geese.
people can learn various facts right from their computers.
because of the excessive heat, he needed more water, which shortly became the conflict of this story.
the author did a great job at creating those two moods and putting them into his memoir.
do you believe certain books should be removed from the shelf because they are offensive?
you will have more time to exercise, talk to family and friends in person and to take part in different activities around the town.
but if problems constantly happen there they will leave and tell their friends this is not a good library.
the more people die from using the computer to much the higher the death toll will be.
there are lots of things that we cant do but reading should not be one of those things.
i think this a very important skill.
the author concludes with that statement because it shows she needs time.
people like their options to be open and at a wide range.
there should be all kinds of different genres to read and all sorts of movies to choose from.
we need these books and movies so that there are not repeat events of all of the rough times our ancestors had to go through.
it is just a way to make learning fun for young kids.
the reasons which i am fighting for tell why, kids are in school more than half of the school day.
if you want information its just about typing some keys and a click of a button.
maybe its politics; it could be a sports team.
i also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say.
computers make people happy and that makes for a better society because it is happier.
images like blood can sometimes offend the people of our generation.
these things all contributed to the characters state.
books are suppose to help you and give you the real thing.
and which is for all age groups.
these are just some examples of moods created by the author in this memoir.
it takes more energy to pedal up hill so he ends up tiring easily and taking longer than expected.
might take a while, but over time people get the hang.
you should stop and think if you was a writer, would you want someone to throw your hard work in the trash?
he reflects, telling myself that of i could make it that far, id be ).
these hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information, and where you live.
an example at the program can help us that they let us look information, play game, help with our homework.
avoid cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, and tobacco.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
in that point of view you could see why parents are getting upset about inappropriate items on the shelves.
one of which i really need for a homework assignment on the movie .
are they blaming it on computers?
another example, is when your bored you can always talk to someone on the computer and have fun with it.
many people think that computers are not a good thing.
it should be a person of the state or local towns person that goes to every house.
also, the could miss out on life changing exercises the kind of experiments that people , they would miss out on life as a whole.
this makes kids unaware and curious to figure out the truth.
that is why i believe that in school libraries, some books should be censored or marked mature.
on the occasion of the festival, he continues his duty for helping people to celebrate the occasion peacefully.
they are now always inside on their computer.
she said her parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love for cooking that is still me today.
in the , everyone has certain unalienable rights.
now, when family or friends.
using computers will help you do this and make your life easier.
also dreams can some true for people that never have the chance to follow .
and exercising who said that everyone need exercise in the persons already skinny what does need to exercise.
she has a different feeling with her problem.
science can be man’s friend as well as an enemy.
they were nice and friendly.
therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades.
for example, on paragraph , says he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifices.
this extensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercising habits, , they enjoy nature much less.
there is no question that computers have made searching for information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need them in our everyday lives.
when she was riding it was very hot this caused the cyclist to lose energy and dehydrate.
books can not be taken off the shelf just for their content.
one of them is that it was in the daylight and the sun bothers the cyclist.
you cant expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes.
being bilingual is a trend that millions of people adhere to.
children see a lot of things that they are interested in and can find it all different types of ways.
my father had some urgent business at jaipur.
his family was (seemed) very giving to their community.
just hookup your to the computer and instantly say good , or hows it going.
he went to find a book to look at and i went to find a good book to read.
it is his duty to protect the life and property of the people.
i think that computers benefit our way of life in many ways.
i can i believe computers are helpful.
there is not a day that we do not use a computer in some way or another.
you can even buy the game systems.
not to mention, computers cost way too much money.
place you need a change?
even nowadays with laptops if one was to be brought outside, the user would be focusing on the screen, not what is around them.
that is how the feature affected the setting.
it also goes on to say that it was a test for my inner spirit.
we have made pornography an easily obtainable thing, and music that promotes sex, drugs, violence, and alcohol.
at the end the cyclist promised himself to always use his map.
a and final reason i think it is a happy mood is because of the way he speaks of his family.
every one has there own opinions and there own view on things.
the heat, lack of water, and lack of civilization made the cyclist think he was going to die and the birds would pick [him] clean.
this line describes the mood as extremely loving and touching because he is showing how much love he dedicates to his parents for the life he lived.
so you could say your happy with your weight but no one ever said it was healthy.
any question, including personal, anything, can be answered.
no computers no education and you will go and works at or something.
this is why i think having a computer is a good things what do you think?
computers hurt people in many ways.
spring is also filled with fresh air and gives me inspiration to do good.
an ideal citizen is a valuable asset to society.
the features in the setting are not very good for the cyclist.
are you going to go to the computer and save a bunch of time?
any parent would agree with that statement.
they are going to learn and hear curse words.
also you lost all your friends contacts.
this memoir can pick the spirits up of any person in poverty that does not like the home they live in or their family.
a book on be inappropriate in the eyes of a , but that book be sacred to a .
plants and flower brought back memories of her homeland.
the neighbours say that this boy had killed a large number
there is all different kinds of stuff in there.
also, the hills made the cyclist very tired.
overall, being able to communicate through computers is an enjoyable thing for many people, and is important to society today.
quite often by the time their turn come it is time for closing.
and spending time online is taking away your time from exercising those calories off.
just be safe in doing it.
if so you probably would be smart to go to .
others spend it shopping or learning.
people will end up getting fat if all they do is sit around on their computer.
also, instead of removing the materials completely, why not remake them into a more suitable manner to where they are less offensive.
the music that makes you happy no matter the mood your in.
this obsession with online games or is not what internet was made for.
they give you details on why to visit it and a fair price.
music is one of the biggest part of our society today.
when they ended the story i thought to myself how nice it ended.
so for his birthday, he got a portable computer, this allowed him to go outside and do his job while getting fresh air and seeing nature.
and violence has a bad effect on children and teenagers.
being able to put down anything on paper that you want everyone to know about is the to write.
i think that computers are helpful with projects, homework, or letters.
secondly, you can talk to your family members and friends on the internet.
my father filled up a from.
so yes parents and other people do have the right to sensor movies and book, etc.
his mood is high and her has confidence.
in the story, the mood the whole time is calm and relaxed.
that affects a lot of people because there are a lot of people working on their computer for there jobs and they have to use the computer.
you do not own the libraries books and you do not have any say on what is displayed in any store.
educating a child is to bring an all-round development of a child’s personality.
finally i would like to tell you about the cruise ships you can go far away like , , , and many more.
people might not get what certain materials want you to do, but they get offended and tell someone about it.
is a chain of apps for everything from writing documents to making spreadsheets to making presentations and even to making fliers for special events.
that is way nothing should be censored
books or movies depict how life was years or even centuries ago; morals were different a while ago from what they are now.
today every family has a house of their own.
he is employed as a fireman, not to clear fires, but to create them.
my family always does stuff together like board games and what not.
the first time he mentions the setting, he states he is in a ghost town, two sentences after he states that the sun was beating down.
another area that is bad, are video games.
i mean, people are too busy looking up things on the web that nobody can truly appreciate.
censorship be good for some and bad for others.
you can talk to people long distance.
most website like is now in danger.
the includes free speech which insures that anyone can express their personal feelings or their opinion on certain matters.
i think taking a step back from using computers could benefit society more than using them.
computers are a lot of fun.
your body needs fresh air, so start enjoying your life a little more people!
now when do you see kids actually doing what they are supposed to.
well in conclusion i agree with the fact that because of the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and do not interact with their family.
wonder how he was going to survive.
the entire lunch period, we sat talking.
we are faced with choices everyday.
computers and internet are a recent innovation.
they can see bad pictures, nudity, drugs and violence.
computer can deprive you of the nature that surrounds you.
to overcome that, they needed to stick together.
people working in the medicine field, use computers to keep track of all their patients.
suggest that certain material not only be impacting children and teens, but adults are highly affected as well.
for adults it could be information on starting a business.
that sort of crushed my reading spirit and i really never wanted to go and check out a book by myself any more.
when she returns she plants the hibiscus.
at that age, children are far too young for any form of adult humor or magazine article.
computers made that event possible.
heat, dry, flat - all are features of the setting that effected the cyclist.
while reading a book, a viewer skim across a passage that brings horrible experiences swelling back up in them.
the author clearly cannot face the rugged heat with his immense lack of water.
the author(s) express what they feel on a given topic.
we should also monitor the movies the watch and keep a close eye on the things they read
this principal presents the idea that people can overcome hard times in their life no matter what circumstances they are presented with.
another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature.
first the climate was a recipe for a disaster.
the last paragraph in, winter hibiscus, was add because the author want to show that she feels bad because she did not pass the test.
& you could get to the point to watch out for it also.
computers are very useful.
just do something that involves being outside is so much fun.
the setting also made the cyclist thirsty because of the extreme heat.
if you needed to ask them a question about the homework they could answer it.
the cyclist was very hot.
many evil practices have come into existence because of it.
hopefully others will agree with me too.
or if they are listening to the song, listen to it all the way through, or maybe even twice.
this is causing kids to become less active.
this book and too gory and i felt like it downgraded women, i was anything but satisfied.
here are some reasons why you should get a computer for your family.
since your body has no exercise the weight & fat just stays.
computers are also an ideal way to communicate with friends and family.
everyday, more and more people use computers.
who know if the person talking to you is really the person you think.
this is how the computer can help you research any topic.
it does this by having the author point out how little his house was, and how his parents did everything they could to give them a better life.
when the hibiscus is budding it has a new life.
first of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be out exercising.
i believe that no one should decide for us
from the flower shop to the house, she is comparing her home land to the flower which shows how she relates to it.
(par ).
authors, publishers, editors, and directors all have a right to express their opinions in their work.
from electronics to animals.
there maybe somethings out there in this world that you think are offensive, but have you stood up and told that company yourself?
sure, you might get complaints.
every week in social studies we have to look up the presidents and i use my laptop for that.
the third reason why the setting affected the cyclist was the weather and that it was a desert.
taking away certain reading materials is taking away the chance for a child to learn the things that are actually going on around them.
in all, of people agree with my idea about computers.
dear local newspaper, computers are harmfully effecting the children, and they are going to effect generations even more.
one person with a mouse, a keyboard, and a monitor.
when in a library environment people tend to be more and more on task.
they teach hand eye coordination, help you research and learn, and let you chat with friends.
computers have a positive and helpful effect on people.
fine out where the wall of is.
so the computer can save us from failing!
i think all people should not have a computer.
if the book or movie is found offensive to you, pick another, but it should not be removed from the shelf.
the heat could have killed him anytime.
or you never know you could forever and never be found.
it gives you a variety of things to look at or even check out.
people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
finally, it gives ability to .
many things the founding fathers of the did were considered offensive, but that did not make them wrong, and it made the a better place .
whatever occurs you always go back to your roots.
then there are people who just come into a library and steal the offensive material for themselves.
for instance is a way to see your friends like that.
this is what will happen if we let censorship of our libraries take place.
secondly, computers can bad for your health, at a the eyes, and people with trouble seeing.
people should be able to live free and feel proud of who they are.
we have to step up as the life goes.
also, because no video store exists in the town i live in, i go to the library for movies because i know they have a large selection.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
in my experience, censorship is a good thing to have.
did you want to ban the book from the library you got it from?
you wont to have a real good laugh?
because if you take out one you should take out all off them.
chatting become something that almost of the uses.
just because an article, or book is offensive to you, does not mean it is offensive to other people.
having a or allows you to do a video chat with someone.
computers allow you to interact with people far away.
the season of spring means to symbolically start new and fresh.
some books be offensive but you can learn from others mistake by reading that book.
but the people that enjoy reading the offensive books still can read them.
there are sections for young adults, mature adults, children, non fiction, fiction, science fiction, and so on.
students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more, and lastly focus more on their grades in school.
books all have those things to someone some where.
this story is about different cultures coming together as one.
studies done by , doctor at stated that of people who are on the computer typing have better hand eye coordination than those who do not.
i could go both ways with this.
this mood is because the author is talking about the parents hardships.
firstly, people are spending too much their time surfing the net.
that could easily go wrong if children, teens, etc take it more than just a movie.
some street beggars are very clever.
a fresh start like the blossoming hibiscus.
so it just shows you that people are different because they thank things different then other people do.
it was very hot and the dehydrated him.
that can tell you where the uncensored parts are.
they should be able to read anything they want.
people in the can play games and chat with people in , , and even !
children do not need to be around those kinds of books.
another example i could use is my mom she talks to her family in and in other places too.
she goes home & tells her mother she failed her test but bought the plant.
without technology things would be so much harder.
writing out papers can be a hard, tedious task.
when libraries begin to censor books they take away the option to pick books.
computers can be fun and you can learn an abundant amount of information but as long as you smart about using it.
it was a big red vehicle.
surf you cant online.
computers can be used for many different things.
they turned a house into a home.
three have been other cases in which girls have sent a nude pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and other people soul it.
this is the first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.
there are thousands of websites that have chat places and are online chat rooms.
you should keep it on the shelf for the people who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what its all about.
they make people antisocial, unhealthy, and do bad things.
they put to many things they should not in kids movies.
the hot sun and the desert features in the setting are affect the cyclist in ways that could potentially stop him from making it to his destination.
we have a freedom of speech even if those words are offensive to others.
they allow you to do so many different things.
it was sunday.
it will take longer to get a reply but its still worth the wait in the end.
had the town been thriving, he could have bought more water to make his trip easier to accomplish.
rolling hills, make him work harder to get over them.
some believe that they help us learn, but i just say so do books.
we never know who is actually right or wrong about topic.
to who this concern, in my opinion, computers have greatly improved our lives.
i have a little cousin who is over weight and should be out playing sports and exercising.
the cyclist is given almost a hopelessness as well as determination to survive as he runs out of water.
people are able to read, shop, and play online.
nature is beautiful, smells nice, even refreshing at times.
a censor would just put a negative aspect to the art and literature of the library.
bottom line is that you have free will and you have to power to choose weather or not you want to read something
what one set of parents want to limit their child from reading vary from another set of parents.
any book could be offensive to any one person.
remembering the names of the books are not going to come to me, but i know i was so upset by how the book was.
her life will always be filled with music and love.
therefore, i do not think it would be wise to take away music from libraries.
here are three reasons why, first would be that with advances in tech.
computers cause people to be less active.
for our generation and for the many generations to follow.
more over it will bring more danger to you and your family.
this paragraph is at the end because it brings together the purpose of the hibiscus.
computers are a great source of information.
an then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
some people that this is and leads to , but anyone who has basic knowledge knows not to information.
he is relieved.
finally, thousands of jobs around the world are either based on or work with computers.
computers have made things a lot impact on children but we all new things i when we use computers.
therefore they began to build houses.
so much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use.
computers could also help us with our every day life.
for someone to make negative lyrics about a person or something says something about the person who made that song.
when people use it they could just use it to play this cool new video game they got.
just like rated movies, or rated video games.
i know that there are so many things that could offend people.
therefore, , are having a negative affect on society.
letting censorship exist in our public libraries is simply wrong
computers help people talk with people.
generally to keep my attention, i like to read books with a lot of action and an intense plot.
they are able to make everyday life easier.
the cyclist first had determination to get to his destination.
he teaches many classes.
we, as people, should not be able to take this right away from other people.
someone riots and they get to take off the shelf.
when getting rid of offensive books, we remove history.
censorship has changed a lot.
i remembered seeing ads for this particular movie on television that looked rather repulsive.
so, as you can see there are many important positive effects that computers have on people.
i was going to die and the birds were going to pick me clean.
dear society: computers are perhaps one of the greatest improvements to our societies advancement in knowledge in the past few decades.
going back to my point of children usually go to libraries with their guardians, they should be supervised at all times while in a library.
in the middle of no where that is a problem.
but some books are written by people with the actual beliefs they write about.
i think that these website are dangers because somebody can hack in to your file and they can try to talk to you like their your friend.
the first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with their mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last, a mere five minutes.
every book has a different experience that can help a child learn.
they know more stuff then my parents, and its because now a days kids pick up on stuff a lot more easier.
this is how setting affects cyclists
this quote means now that he is out in the desert he thinks he is going to die since he has no more water.
many people like computer and like to use them for many different kinds of reason.
is the only good, and the only light comes from .
as a kid we look up to our parents.
this setting is important because it adds a sense of urgency to his trip when he starts to run low on water.
also with these online pages they cause to much and could lead to fight or rumors.
this makes life a lot simpler.
it will not give you a job or school education.
many children are seeing bad material at too young of an age.
so since you are not working out and your mind is always on the computer you can get sick.
using these tools cut down an stress and leaves you less frustrated.
also, looking at things in a point of view of how some things could be offending, to fix the problems.
personally, i believe that freedom of speech comes into play in libraries.
there are big playgrounds on two sides and a beautiful garden in front.
high are filled with pregnant teens.
banning books and such from libraries takes away a part of history and leaves a gap for the future.
without the computers help we would all have to write all of our papers out.
i think computers are great effects on people, they help out a lot.
now we could be talking about at the very least.
everybody in this world needs to see that their are things were not going to like but we have to get over them and move on.
if a book offends you that much then listen up, ' !
i wish only to be a scholar and i am glad, i am trying hard for the same.
i sat under a shady tree.
these examples show the change of setting on the cyclists trip and how it affected her.
he is being introduces to crude language, sexual behavior, and criminal acts in the minute time period it takes to listen to the full song.
think twice about how close you sit from the computer.
i just think it personal wrong to say those kind of things in movies.
, the computer takes time away from nature.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the example that i can think of is a movie that is rated.
through hard work, man progresses and the country progresses.
i believe that computers have more of a benefit than they do a draw back.
lastly he is grateful to have grown up in a really good home.
there are so many varieties to choose from.
you could think about an issue one way and your neighbor think about it a totally different way.
not one you would want to live in i suppose.
one thing that i find very useful on computers is an online textbook.
they might start it lost minute.
i hope you can see why computers can be good for people.
computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm.
unless it is about saying no to drugs and not using them, children should not read them at all.
tall steep hills are a difficult climb, but your a living house the luxurious most to cool.
same with any other high school student.
a song can a as much as it can take one away.
it means that person should simply not read it.
he has failed in the eight class three times.
some newspaper have websites you can read the paper without actually paying for the paper this saves you money and was less paper we can save trees.
the weather was very hot making him very thirsty and due to the towns being abandoned, he could not stock up on water.
she is saying that when the new season begins it will be her beginning and shell have a different outlook on her new life.
questions such as these come to mind when the topic of censorship in libraries arises.
also his lack of water was a problem to begin with.
all in all it seems to be a great waste when censoring books for the public.
i love going on the computer time to time doing many things i have talked about.
( and ).
it would be very helpful to so many people!
computers are good for school uses, skills, and just for fun.
it was great fun.
every year, thousands of students go to college, and thousands of families move away from each other.
the act of censorship in libraries, or anywhere, should be looked down upon.
earlier in the story, it explains how the winter hibiscus does not die.
computers can be helpful by helping you with homework or find information.
like if they are meeting one at a place and they said they if just means they were on the computer all day long.
many say that history repeats itself.
but by using the computer you can find endless information about , and you could finish that essay in a day if you wanted to.
first, rolling hills could take energy out of the cyclist when having to travel for miles on end.
computers are beneficial in several ways.
stay at home moms can easily make money while doing daily chores like washing dishes.
there was a great rush at the stop.
my second reason compute give people ability to learn about faraway places and people.
using a computer you have to look at the screen and type at the same time.
i hope that this letter informed you more about computers.
through the internet, people can learn about places to travel bike and exercise while enjoying nature.
she is also implying that she is going to change her attitude about living in .
we need to solve this issue before more make the switch from nature to computers.
when are finished telling you why these three reason are good the peoples computer will win this war!
when the cyclist is in the serenity of an early sunset evening, the man enjoyed his cycling just hoping he could cut his time in half.
go to your computers right now & learn some things!
however, if it is offensive to the first person, it does not mean it will be offensive to the next.
dear of the newspaper, is no doubt that computers don' benefit society.
when voting on this decision please take part and support advances in technology, it will be beneficial to everybody.
authors write or type every word for a reason, whether happy or sad or vulgar.
she is right.
one way i could describe the memoir is that it makes you fell good about things.
the more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active?
many people have laptops in their home or with them.
remember how we used to have to read the newspaper to find out about breaking news and important things?
rape is a horrible thing, but it happens.
those websites could help a lot in our education.
they let you explore the world in one click and chat with your friends.
but who knows where technology can take us.
the movies and music i think if it really offended somebody that they should have to either change the lyrics or get rid of it.
in the story it said.
lastly people stare at a computer screen all day which can cause brain damage.
so many uses for the computer.
we have plenty of means of communication, such as ways like maybe writing a letter to someone?
how about your newspaper company?
we lives, so i think use should using them
they say you still need exercise, nature, and time with your family.
a good way to do that would be using email or instant messaging.
make use of that thought i just told you.
we logged on to google on found our direction .
she came home to her mother with a plant and disappoint her mother with the cost but she understands the pain.
i am not in agreement because young children should not be exposed to certain offensive books.
if we did not have computers or use them we would probably use books.
additionally, the whole fact of contacting others around the globe, as well as having a whole fun world to explore, makes computers more enjoyable.
he just sit in front of his computer and do nothing.
dear , you imagine where the world would be without computers?
that way more time can be spent outside in the open, and less inside staring at the screen all day.
computers can be negative thing or positive.
the author was getting neat stroke being passed by desert snakes and tumbleweeds.
without them, there would be no books for anybody to read.
who is to blame?
they never said what the books were but they kept talking about how they felt and what they would have liked to do with them.
she had taken the test and failed, living where she was living then just seemed too much pressure on her.
one of the moods was happiness.
computers help everyone.
dear , computers have a very positive effect on people.
in my opinion i think that computers help people out a lot such as looking up directions or even chatting with some old friends.
the setting affects the cyclist because it is hot, therefore he gets thirsty.
also when she used to get water from the well a hibiscus would sometimes come up with the bucket.
if little kids hear this kind of language they well be saying it when the are young.
the ones that teach us about life and society.
when she sees the hibiscus, she is filled with memories of the past and weeps.
once that they decide to meet in person with these strangers many things go wrong because not everyone is nice they seem through the internet.
have you ever read ?
my final reason for computers is that they are perfect to learn about disasters in other countries.
they are a key to growing, learning, and discovering.
i can understand people thinking that computers take away from family time but so would a book.
when the geese return back north, it is to show that they are ready to start over again or to try again.
i have three reasons to support this statement.
so spend time with family and friends and go outside too!
there are many website on the internet that teach kids to type.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion computers are a help to our plant.
people need to know what happened in the past with historical events.
do you want to carry around that heavy of a burden with you until your death?
and once she accepts the change and becomes willing to start over, she will begin to grow and that will cause her driving test to be easier.
then i study for some time.
also people need to be doing more activities in their lives.
i strongly believe that people have a bad affection people because you addicted, you spend less time with your family and friends.
also the highway was hard for him because it would be hard for him to ride on.
this shows that the author still had to go even when time get tough.
they help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire the youth, computers are vital source of knowledge and advancement for humans.
now can you see how much the computer benefits society.
i know when i do i pick the object up and look and see what it says on the back.
they make fun of them because they are not like others and they can take that very offensive.
i have read many books that are both offensive in ways and other books about knowledge and intelligence and their is no difference.
the products should stay on the shelves so that the people who need, or just want to use the products can use the products.
speech on: if i were the principle of my school
but should they be removed if they are found offensive?
on the internet, that have a list of vacation spots or places that grab your attention to visit.
the problem is, is that each families' limits and values are unique; we cannot just assume anything about families in general.
these are just two methods of that the computer enables us to have.
he will thank god through prayer for all his blessings.
lastly there is music.
kids fifteen and and older would understand.
so if you eat and use the computer all day your not really burning any calories therefore you will gain weight.
i could make that.
if the people want to read or watch or listen to bad stuff they can its not other peoples choice.
books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge.
now is the time to take action but making more clubs or activities to people.
there is always someone that has a different opinion of things.
therefore, never depend on the internet as a source of research.
but there is a main reason.
another example is that computers could give you an idea on what to do.
therefore, the author concludes this story with this paragraph to show how she will adapt to the change in her environment.
what we learn outside of school is up to your parents based on what they believe.
now days i spend up to on hour and a half on the computers.
libraries offer a variety of materials and this allows people to choose what they want based on their interests.
the cyclist was drinking a lot of water throughout the story and ends up only having little water left.
it would be really good for you to go on a walk in a nice day to feel the breeze and smell all the nice scents.
he passes a water pump (just what he needs), yet the water is something close to toxic.
all they have to do is hit a button.
supporters of technology say that computers have a positive effect.
people would rather have computers to look up things instead of not knowing that much about something at all.
a street hawker carries his things on his head.
will that said they use computers anyone to say that computers are bad the that you love do while this.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music,movies,magazines, should be removed from from shelves if they are found offensive.
how will we handle a major natural disaster?
i think censorship is corrupting our society.
computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly.
he said that is is because they do not need to worry about taking much time out of their schedule to shop.
as you can see, computer have a negative affect on people.
what is offensive to you?
he showed a real admiration for his childhood and the people he shared it with.
energy he barely has.
first of all, the heat cause the narrator to be uncomfortable and thirstier.
these are the authors mood in the memoir.
there is absolutely no need for censorship to occur, and as history has shown, it certainly is not a good thing.
so have a bad on people?
that content times of the year the world around her changed.
i was mortified that the little girl had to hear those words at such a young age.
my second reason of why computers are a negative effects on kids is that it can harm your grades!
i believe this because computers benefit by its online, internet, and overall help in other things.
her mother talked to her and then she felt better.
before long, there are not very many books left in this hypothetical library other than books for toddlers.
in conclusion i think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people.
modern city life is just like a contest with so much of rush and stress.
the flower is the piece of confidence she needs to feel at home and even pass her drivers test.
then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work.
when she got to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal gently.
it reunites lots of family & friends you might have been looking for.
computers are a great thing during down time and have positive effects on people.
those type of books are what older people like and they are very interesting.
is something that our children should not be exposed to at such a young age.
music is an important part to a student because music lyrics can express themselves.
writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle.
the argument continued.
explicit, or eighteen or older books, movies, magazines or music be placed in a back room or simply on another side of the library.
however, i strongly believe that this should be limited.
this way you are not completely removing it, but making it harder for younger audiences to get to it
i think the mood given by the author in the memoir is a happy mood.
thank you for your time to read this, i hope you can find a way of going in to this subject more.
if you have a negative opinion on what it said then you will not even look at the next time you go by there.
the love feeling comes from the bond between friends and family.
their motive, to lure young teens unto meeting them in a secure location, and to commit rape.
censorship also ruins the quality of books, music, and movies.
this is why the computer are good.
computers are a great way to keep connected.
this would be a big problem for everybody involved.
go see what you can find.
do you want your children looking at bad pictures or seeing or reading about something with sexual content?
just like that, computers help to get questions answered fast.
there are a lot of other options on the shelves that do not include such topics.
less people get a chance to enjoy nature when they are on the computer all day.
the answer to this problem is strict censorship.
it was very difficult for all three of us to spend that night without our dear mother.
movies and books are different in many ways.
they also give the ability to learn about far away places.
it has made kids my age more aggressive, have health problems, and care even less about the environment.
lastly, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with their family and friends.
anyone can use the internet to talk or chat online to get school work or to long distance friends.
i believe that there should be a very limited selection that children can see.
they give a look of cheapness.
lastly children are missing out on the beauty of nature.
the overall mood she created in this memoir was sad, happy and peaceful.
computer give people the ability to learn about places faraway.
the cyclist is running out of water and he is the middle of the dessert.
for example, the hibiscus has comforted her in a new country, with new surroundings but it also explains how she feels.
this definitely shows how much he loved his family, home, and friends, and how they taught him how to care for and love others.
the only thing we should be worried about is the rated movies.
so after the winter she would go back to the place and see if she was still homesick.
they really make us more intelligent!
experts are concerned that excessive computer use can harm your health, hamper your social skills, and cause you to be disconnected from nature.
if you do not like the music selection that the libraries have then go to a different store.
people need to accept that the world is not all sunshine and rainbows and that gruesome stuff is out there.
one example is, is that a guy came to our school to talk about his son.
she failed the test but she got the hibiscus and it helped her to restore her resolve to pass the test.
everything there will be seen by the public and large masses of people.
i feel that these things should be taken out of libraries if they are offensive to some people.
i think that movies, and magazines should be censured to kids at the library.
one reason computers are good, is the communication.
computers help everyone a lot.
it would be pretty much the same thing as selling liquor, or cigarettes to a minor.
so, just let us choose if we would like to read material with uncensored things in it.
they sprayed water on the house.
it does not bother me when they do this.
i rushed for rescue.
, , even, and the list goes on.
the girl asked.
a third reason is that they end up offending some people by removing a book.
dear times, you think computers benefit society?
“live as if you were to die tomorrow; learn as if you were to live forever.”
some people find these things offensive, but i think that others will be greatly offended if they remove these things.
all it takes is one little book to be taken of the shelf.
he cant say lets ride to the next building or mail box because there are none.
there are mysteries, romances, comics, biographies and anything else that you be able to think of.
the flat wide open road turned into to short, rolling hills.
what i mean is, if we censor one offensive book then we have to censor every book that someone finds offensive.
going down the hills gave him a break.
a lot of jobs require people to be on the computer.
the computer helps us learn of faraway places, it lets us communicate with friends and family all over the globe, and lastly the computer entertain us.
if you think a subject might be offensive for you, you should not read it.
personal computers have a very negative effect toward the society of today.
the buds of the flowers give her hope and essentially, the strength to take the test over again.
in my opinion, i do not believe that anyone has a choice in what children or any other age group chooses to read.
hot you need water.
the computers are cool.
unfortunately most newspapers have vested interests.
the cyclist had very little water for his long trip
my neighbour’s twelve year old son is a cripple.
magazines and journals are kept on the tables.
the cyclist fell down.
the features of the setting in the essay caused the cyclist to suffer and continue being determined.
she is ready for spring to be here, so that she can study and pass the test, and work at the flower .
ever since the , computers have been used as an ad for new information.
just try to understand what there trying to say to you.
but my opinion on the magazines, and movies could vary.
you can email each other or search thru up online, to try to get in contact with them.
i hope you see what i see now.
computers can also give you a live feed of what is happening in the world.
is very thankful that he has these skills from his great culture.
have you ever had someone move away and you wanted to keep in touch?
the same difficulty in the road.
he falls in love with a man named and begins to have sexual relationships with of the men in his cell.
my parents are doing this to protect me and i agree with their decision.
not only are computers causing emotional danger, but also physical.
just because a book talks about the and dying be a little inappropriate for some age groups but not for teenagers and adults.
not only the students but teachers too.
people want to just change everything and make sure things are perfect and nothing bad is in the world.
in my opinion, these types of materials should stay on the shelves.
have any of you ever been bored?
if you found a book that you really like then read through it a bit or check it out on the internet to see what is about.
hes also running low on water,the water bottles only contained & few tantalizing sips.
without the computer, many people would not be able to explore these places and learn about them.
it works most of the time and children also see that.
the man continues his quest to know more about the planets.
here is a quote from the article.
computers are essential to our way of life.
this way you can make arrangements.
my personal view is that i think it wrong to have those kind of books at the library.
i do it all the time.
this benefits you because newspaper houses are organized by computers and it keeps you business running.
so, if everything is changing around you why do you want to be stick in the past?
even though to say, people who are on the computer often are shy in person.
anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web.
some teachers (including my own, ) have taken the initiative to incorporate the modern technology of computers into their teachings.
most magazines, music, books, and movies you take off the shelf today are not so happy or mysterious that you think.
you can meet new people from all around the world.
this is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy.
they are posted in different parts of the country.
now computers are very popular.
pink are my favorite.
or they could go put something up and make it where you know whats over there and if you do not like then do go in.
offices would not be able to function computers; workers rely on the internet email system.
the mood of the author in the memoir are grateful and thankful.
there are certain genres for certain age groups, and there are a lot of materials in libraries that parents do want their children to even hear the name.
younger kids could always just grab them not knowing what it is and go watch it in there room.
sometimes, in order to understand a major world event, such as the death of , have to understand the violence and forces that were used.
remain on the shelf?
they would get lost and not know how to read a map.
the setting of the essay greatly affected the cyclist.
the first skill we could learn is typing.
all of these details contribute to the overall mood of the memoir.
now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but not least made me and yours life better.
this child is not choosing to read such bad things but just so happens to stumble upon it.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a mood of happiness.
if your at home, and you need to study for a test, you can go online and study.
i believe that this new technology is effecting our daily exercising, playing outside to enjoy nature and interacting with friends and family.
each generation of men dies but its thoughts and knowledge that pass from age to age and faithfully kept.
find interesting and exiting.
next i support the computer because you can learn about faraway places and people.
so keep our libraries filled with interesting things without censoring them!
a library is a public place where people are supposed to get whatever books they choose.
there is a lot of books in the library, just find a different book instead of just focusing on that one book.
it shows that many more use computers to visit faraway lands.
that road was replaced by a host rolling hills.
and it also made her believe in herself and want to get there and try again .
they can been used to look up information, talk to family and friends music etc.
you cannot stop the terrible things from happening.
the library might be the only place that someone could have access to that sort of material.
most people use these web pages to research for papers, trips, or even just to find out random information.
dear, newspaper i would like to tell you about computers, without them this world would fall apart.
if everyone had the right to ban books then we would have no books, because something would offend someone.
what are you going to do with it?
computers should be known as our friends.
there should be certain limits though.
this can tell you if you need a jacket or a rain jack, if you need to use a shovel or hold an umbrella.
if you need help or answers about certain things you can always find what you are looking for in a library, they have all the answers.
this also gives me the feeling of warmth and love.
as i said before people should spend less time on computer.
we as a society have the right to guard our ability to share opinions, censorship destroys our ability to do so.
however, some people can take what the says to be offensive in regards to homosexuals and divorces.
have you seen protests arouse before you?
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are great for our society.
the authors choice of words in the concluding paragraph convey a sense of hope and something to look forward to.
or they contain degrading scenes that no one should have to read.
one feature of the setting that effects the cyclist is the heat.
before the computer, people had lose success in writing quickly.
there would be more to do.
you must have access to a computer in my opinion, in order to thrive in life.
it is also a good thing because if family moves away you can still talk to them from a computer.
i am discussing.
in the book, 'a ', there is a lot of detailed events that happen.
lastly what is so bad about having a computer?
online you can learn about the history of specific places.
they save work on their and they use computers to build things.
the condition of the roads adds on to the hills.
it comforts me knowing everyone is happy.
in conclusion, kids spend to much time on computers.
when i go on the computer, i might need to research something that i have interest in.
one day i shall fulfill my dream and become a pilot.
sometimes internet is not good for children.
every time he thought he was saved he was put down again by that fact.
you sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is.
another thing that caught my eye was when the author repeatedly kept on saying the same offensive language over and over again.
violence is very harmful for children.
libraries are public places and should be safe for any age no matter whether they are young babies or adults.
because the setting of the story was in the desert the cyclist was affected more then he had thought he would be.
third of all, pop up.
the students in high school should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge scene, like we all know younger students would do.
reading and music lets you learn and experience different situations that you might have never been in before.
books and magazines are two fun things people love to read.
the heat will make you very tired, and you will lose a lot of energy.
everything is not all bad, it is what you feel is right for your child or whosoever it be.
so, its probably the same for the narrator.
they make it easier to see their stocks, their income, and even see sale trends.
so give them time limits.
if it was not for libraries, the people in society would not be as smart as they are
i do not think that censorship is something that people should take lightly.
the modern library has very specific demographics for all items to which it posses.
this is why i think.
also, their weight breaks down and ruins roads, which in turn cost more tax money.
computers can find every answer to your questions.
i presume that books are better resources, people can find fun in other ways and that computers can be dangerous and cause health problems.
you can see you favorite shows and moves.
everyone reads books due to there liking and what relates to them.
here is where the fast and reliable internet comes in if you need to know the difference between and , use the search engine .
in history you probably learned about immigrants coming over to to get away from their ruler.
this is an example of the setting affecting the cyclist, with what i believed was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill.
computers are one of the best technological advances the human race has made.
all this must have taken a toll because he never really saw anything reassuring until the last town he reached with the bait store.
books your in a library its many book that children decide to read that not be suited for their .
at best, they were taught how to write a letter, managing household accounts and reading the scriptures.
hear what he was doing, and even see the view of from his window.
to explain the offensive, and the none offensive books that are out there.
riding through beastly mountains, hot and burning deserts and no water.
flicks like and use such a high form of technology that people would have no idea how it was done just a few decades ago.
this also will make the librarians job much harder than what it should be.
their attention is more on the watch than what the teacher is trying to teach.
censorship in libraries is not a big deal to me.
our society we live in is just a total wreck and complete, utter disaster.
other they being bored all the time you can play thousands of game with just a click on a mouse.
that was one great comment from time.
the material can also be inappropriate for younger children.
the bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them.
i feel that, because of some of the movies my peers have watched, they find it okay to pick on me.
and if we put a book about drugs on the shelve those kids will read it.
most people would agree that computers have a positive affect on people.
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
have some fan in the sun today.
it was a first person novel about a boy who was taken away from his family after being sold to a different plantation owner.
finally, the bait store gave him the relief that he needed at the end of his trip.
just because i agree with something, do you have to agree too ?
wrote a famous book called .
another thing is would always praise his parents throughout the whole story.
it helps the cops catch the bad people.
no matter what your opinion on issue is, there will always be someone who opposes of it.
it also a symbol of her constant blossoming.
whether a book is being read about or the there is always something influential to be read.
it should be clear that computers are a danger to society.
you should not want costumers reading it and feeling disgusted.
information processing, is about computer.
i love talking to friends.
growing up, my parents would watch carefully about what shows i watched, what music i listened to, or the types of magazines that i looked at.
first off, computers help technology so much.
people should feel proud to be here and not scared of things that could impact their lives forever.
or what alcohol is?
in conclusions, hopefully your mind has been changed on the topic of computers, or if you already were in support, that as well is great.
secondly, every computer that i have seen is able to play some sort of game, whether it be by a disk or on a website.
which i mostly learned that from the state tractor pulling club.
however, when he realizes its old juice factory, he grows bitter.
i believe that children are the easiest people to influence.
have you looked outside lately?
people sit inside all day instead of going outside to enjoy nature.
you can talk to people on or email each other and have a conversation with them.
it does not just have to be a book with bad things in it, but it could also be something to do with religions.
he ends up getting lost.
the author could have had many reasons to conclude the story with this paragraph.
in conclusion, censorship in libraries is not a good idea.
there are a kitchen, a bathroom and a storehouse in our house.
computers also help teachers.
a customers' needs and wants should be met at all times, unless a customer is trying to run the business as if it was their own.
for a good reason such as communicating with far away relatives.
i think the mood created by the author was gratefulness towards his parents.
there you go, there are endless possibilities with computers.
what one man considers offensive another man considers to be life changing.
a computer can really the of your life.
he respected his parents and loved them for everything they have done for him.
if you are trying to keep things from them that will only make them want it more.
you can not change the way another person is thinking or feeling.
now you know why being on the computer far along time can be bad.
keep the books on the self.
computers can do all these days.
what can yo do if they live far away?
in conclusion there were many things that affected the cyclist.
the terrain was tough, just like the authors terrain.
hills and different grounds did not help the cyclist.
the features of the setting in the story affect the cyclist both physically and mentally.
everyone does have a right to say their opinion and there is nothing wrong with giving informational facts in articles or movies either.
you can also see each other through a webcam.
this can also apply to movies, magazines, music, and so on that are placed in that section.
they act rashly and then repent.
life already has enough distractions in it, why add another distraction?
with that in mind, people will always see you on the computer, and eventually get sick of you.
if the ball crosses the boundary line, the game is started again.
lastly, the setting had no places that could have helped the cyclist.
and when they read bad things like that, they develop the wrong goals and values for their future lives.
however, there really is no need to argue over petty issues that could easily be avoided if people were to just use common sense to reach a consensus.
should there be censorship in libraries?
there is a reason why things are , , and .
second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework.
the three topics are children, , and religion.
to a and were censored because of the racist language.
they play a big role in society.
dear , technology has been advancing at a rapid rate for many years now making life much easier for everyday people.
she states that, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
i am a useful tree among
and that concludes my or should i say your next top story.
will never forget his home.
time limits can fix this problem.
in the memoir, the author creates a mood.
think about if we were to tr and give everyone what they want, would that work out not good at all.
if a library that i visit has censoring on most of their materials, i would convince the library staff to take the censoring off.
i think some music should be banned because of the violence and sexual content it describes on the music.
orange fruits are also imported from other countries.
he used a computer to help study for a test he had the next day.
do you know how many others face the same problem?
he took her, one day, to hospital to get treatment for her aliment.
to make his life better.
everything we saw had a story to tell.
censorship is a great problem.
all genres of everything should be available to the .
if more people had computers then they would the to questions.
one last thing local newspaper is that many kids and children and parents need to have more time.
the setting of a hot and lost place had a huge impact on the cyclist.
he comes & to every and we hangout with each other.
trees occupy an important place in the life of man.
on the world wide web you can meet some new people who not live in your state, or country.
but he is not the only person with this issue.
many adults say that our world has changed so much from the time when they were younger.
they can come do there research and rent books.
this website lets people upload videos.
yes, the cons can be annoying & sometimes serious.
the bumps, hills and wildlife affected the cyclists journey.
many things that help get your mind flowing.
so should books in a library be censored?
its just apart of life
some movies for children even have inappropriate things; they might be hidden and the child not understand, but it is still there.
over of the families in our town own at least one computer.
the cyclist soon becomes exhausted from lack of water and having to cross the now hilly terrain.
it would allow people to learn about places all over the world.
here in , we have the freedom of speech.
he was offended by it cause his grandfather was a slave.
this emphasizes the characters total lack of resources.
dear newspaper, the world that we live in today is full of technology.
talk to the librarian and state your case about what is going on.
one night she had so much hope, like, abundance, then the next she is in foreign land that is nothing like her old home.
in conclusion the authors sets a very sweet, inviting mood, by adding details of how joyful, and enjoyable his childhood was.
thank you computer gods!
hope you get something out of what i wrote.
i do agree with you on one thing.
they give people the opportunity to look at things & talk to that it traveled here they wallets empty faster than the speed of it.
some people are unhealthy from their childhood.
people will eventually see them, hear them, and watch them even if its not in the library.
the computer makes you better at this.
, the family created the mood of togetherness, especially going through hard times.
they could do those things rather than wasting their time on their computers.
everyone is different though, we have all have a different view on things and we all are unique.
if an adult does not like a kid book because its giving the kid the wrong idea then do not get the book for the kid.
these are some examples of how the describes the mood.
parents all have a different opinion in what is good and what is bad for their children.
people today rely on being able to speak their minds to be apart of their government.
one time i was wondering what people from did to live and survive.
computers make writing an essay really easy.
how cool is that reading this letter and sharing it to your company i believe that you should support my cause.
we need to show them that we know what they doing.
but after visiting the floral shop, she discovers a more cherry.
the mood in the memoir is happy.
but there is a good side as well.
the computer can be really helpful and useful.
the mood is positive and keeps the reader interested and involved.
it would be a really fun family trip.
you can find the book you want or need easy as one, two, three.
computers are necessary in our community and we would be last without them!
when i was little, my parents did a good job of censoring things that were bad for me to watch at that age.
so with the sun comes more heat.
i just think that people should write for the pure joy of it, not to persuade people to do something bad,or give bad thoughts or ideas.
what does the parent do when that child brings that book home?
it all depends on the maturity that people have when they enter a library.
beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
this is the mood created in this excerpt.
for example, the narrator describes, water bottles only had a few tantalizing sips.
also, teachers can put their grade books in their had drive.
it all depends on where you are cycling.
dear readers, i believe that computers do good in our country and have a positive affect too people.
through the story, he had all but a few slips of his water left.
dear local newspaper, , my name is .
could it be that we have crossed the line and are no longer protecting the children, but are instead holding back our society as a whole?
make sure that they know the difference between good and bad, right and wrong.
might of wrote this because the story could relate to other people who moved from another country and have something that brought back memories.
second, in a couple years everything will be computers.
i think that all those bookstores are going to run out of business because of the technology now a days.
dear newspaper, my name is .
it is like being in school, there has many times been that one student that the rest of the class see as really different.
in the times , a statistic shows that of students in the find computers there best studying tool.
it was almost as if she completely forgot about failing and was only thinking about the plants, flowers.
in conclusion, if there are books, music, movies, or magazines that offend you, simply do not check them out.
computers can also help people learn in many ways.
cures for different disease like cancer can be found.
that is hard for some students, typing it is neat, and everyone can do it.
the only thing keeping us from pure evil is the and their ratings on movies, music, and television.
almost everyone who has a gets a blast surfing the internet.
if parents are so worried about what kids are reading or learning because of the world we live in now, lock them up.
i have never been there so i want on the computer.
i would describe it as a fun.
also people have the right to go get whatever book, or movie they want.
if a library decides to take out every offensive piece of literature and art what would be left?
also, some people are computer addicts who stay on computers almost twenty four seven.
then he is a very easy going person.
books come in all different genres and so do music and movies.
throughout the computer, there is many ways to communicate with others, which is an amazing thing.
if a foreign exchange person comes to your school you can search about their culture and talk to than about it.
an example of this would be there was no one in sight,not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
now, you have only a boring book on facts about camels.
the most amazing part of a library is the fact that one choose what he or she reads.
for example everyday i get out of school i do my homework and i go run a mile.
its up to you!
you see men walking into a library empty handed and walk out carrying armfuls of books, magazines, movies, and other media.
this world is harsh and not easy at all times.
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood throughout the essay.
this has not only made leaving , but has also helped in studying for tests for elementary school.
in a summary i guess i could say that everyone has there own opinions and views
spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer.
however, even the most experienced person can be overcome by the extreme weather conditions they live in.
learning from books, music, movies, and magazines is good in a way.
time flew, very soon the two hours were over.
the great thing about you is you can find the information fast and easy.
my library would have something like this in the library?
these are all changes the author uses to connect to the theme.
those are how just some of the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
they are the staple food in our diet.
this makes the cyclist feel worried about getting dehydrated.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist physically and mentally.
in the current life we are all living we find a need to make things more an more private.
there are many educational websites that people can go to to learn about any subject want.
talking at libraries is always fun because you can talk about the book your reading or just hangout.
these are some examples of the mood that was created.
someone else is enjoying the book and the song could be what another person looks forward to everyday.
i think computers help people develop better social skills.
computers almost makes anything possible.
but computers can actually do the opposite.
censorship in libraries differ in certain areas.
now i can talk to her and she can understand me.
every person has an opinion, which is allowed to have by freedom.
computers were you people, but have for one second that instead of interacting with people you should interact with the people around you.
there is no point!
people are spending to much time on them; not enjoying the outdoors, and are taking away time to spend with friends and family.
our society could continue to greatly advance with the help computers.
because of the computer, hard task can be done with a simple click of the mouse.
i think the censorship of some movies, magazines, and especially music should be highly discussed, and more strict.
most of these victims do not return or are found.
the terrain during the cyclists journey greatly affects him.
thus computers are very vital to us.
but books from before this practice began to happen be found more offensive then books today.
due to computers multiple options you can look up because in the your client.
for example to show the full amount of hatred for a character you have to use some offensive words.
many people just simply take the ideas of others the wrong way.
this causes the internet addicted person to lose relationships with their family and friends.
at my school, we used to have magazines like .
every person does not grow up in the same conditions, but material could teach them.
this shows that he has a genuine appreciation for what they did.
plus if parents are worried about their child reading inappropriate books, then they can monitor that themselves.
for example, my friend stay on the computer more than hours.
, advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people.
do you believe everyone should express themselves through their own culture, or have their own opinions?
also by saying which is still with me today and i am grateful.
i believe ho ended the story with that paragraph to support her idea of overcoming obstacles.
so, please do not censor our libraries.
also, saying that she will wait till the spring, means she is going to try again, and not give up.
therefore people would be angered or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelf because someone said it was offensive.
where no one is able to get things out.
whenever there is a test coming up, my teacher, would have links on her go to help use study.
tumbleweeds crossed my path ( ).
some are very educational, and give the students ideas to go and come up with a new invention or a way to help others.
so next time your on the computer think about that.
it easily allows people to stay educated, updated, and connected.
we should know how to keep fit and live longer.
first and most importantly, he is affected by the people who live there.
there are plenty of books out there and many different authors that the person can choose from.
he grabs one and we are on our way to get it checked out and the lights go off.
the rolling hills the cyclist had to get over most likely made him more fined and thirsty because he had to put more effort in to get over them.
the hopelessness of the situation made the author want to give up, thinking that he was going to die out in the desert from dehydration and exhaustion.
also it is used to make reports up for people.
this shows he will work hard and is in need of water.
she was very upset.
the internet also allows you to learn about certain subject or events you might not have a book for.
the complex features of the setting affect the cyclist negatively throughout this story.
well lets get started!
he keeps the class registers at the proper place.
for example, i am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying.
computers are the building blocks of our medical world.
if they want to discuss why we see a full moon when we do?
the youth of is portrayed in mostly a negative light.
even if that means killing an animal for its resources.
first off, as we continue to use computers our natural environment is going to waste.
i, for one, do not approve.
well all of these websites are free.
shows his love by telling his parents.
it causes violence among people.
that book was specifically placed in the library for someone to read.
the word conformism means to all become one; to conform.
in our society, people that are eighteen can do almost whatever they chose because they have freedom.
this realization that the geese are familiar to her gives way to new realization and a new wave of hope.
this is the fault of an immoral world.
not only do computer help out educationally' they are probably the must well known information centers.
talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing.
also it helps you learn how to cope with some things that you could of never coped with before because it makes you feel relaxed.
second they have computer gamed to help kids learn.
what if i was to say offensive books?
so i think there should be a limit on how many hours people spend on the computers per day.
also, computers are making it very hard for families to have meals together.
a computer suggest exercise but you are not going to really do it.
some consider it a freedom of speech.
if you go to your local library and really look at what they sell or rent out, you will then know what i am saying.
how impressive would that be?
by keeping such materials shown or on display, cause children to engage in dangerous or unsafe actions.
people in your life.
for example, you can communicate with people, conduct business, and you can use it to learn.
also because the terrain is hilly his legs are working harder to go up the hills and his legs become tired.
to keep the viewers entertained.
true, children are encouraged to have fun, but to a certain, but safe extent.
lucky he found a bathroom and drank from the sink.
as a student, computers are a crucial element to allow me to get my work done.
an example of his determination is the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road.
they started it off with the seemingly small act of censoring books.
if we do stop this way of life then things could get better and then our planet will stay around longer and we could make the a better place.
people can be influenced to do just about anything.
anyone who with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer!
a beggar is a man who asked for things from others.
it all depends on the situation where this material is distributed in.
so throughout the essay the narrator went without water until he got to a factory, got some water to drink, and got new directions.
these help inspire people.
even if that includes some of them being offensive.
throughout my own experience, i have seen children grow up too fast when exposed to certain knowledge.
she is only eight years old.
the librarians can put that particular book in the older age section of the library and have the kids book in the younger section of the library.
that could be bad.
just because the student chooses this topic, does not mean that he or she supports it.
also, this paragraph shows how the hibiscus symbolizes her.
computers in most cases, do better work and create less error than humans themselves.
certain movies that are not meant to be seen by children are rated or .
he tried everything to get water but made it through with almost no water.
should certain materials be removed from our library shelves just because it has uncensored materials inside of it?
i believe that the effects on people negative.
all you could do is download it.
well, if there is i would be looking at what they are reading or doing.
they threw water on the rising flames.
there are a few mango trees in my garden as well.
if one person thinks an art piece looks unique, another not see any true beauty.
we have to think for our children and the people that come in form different countries when it comes to public libraries.
would you feel like you want to rip your hair out and throw that computer out the window?
he was overjoyed!
i feel this way because of when you see stuff that is offensive, most people are willing to buy.
taking books off shelves is pretty much just sheltering people, mostly kids, from information that would benefit them no matter in what way.
we can enjoy food, work hard to have sound sleep and can find happiness in our life.
nobody has time to enjoy the natural environment and give a rest to the mind and body.
i think that reading books is a very positive thing.
you can call up your friends and play with them.
so in the other words the computer is useful for students.
we are all entitled to our own opinions and beliefs.
it would be unjust to stop advancing in this technological wonder.
also, the internet keeps you up to date on things going on in the world.
computers were built to help the people make tasks easier and quicker.
some books should be kept behind the counter and only used for certain classes though.
the leading cause for this low number?
to have independence, you are the one in control.
they help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done.
i believe that removing books from a library based on opinion is wrong.
on a computer you can also learn about historic and famous people.
there is nobody forcing you to take these items off of the shelves, and its not there business what other people see either.
i rushed out along with my parents.
so many millions of children throughout the english speaking world must have read these books.
for example, talking on the phone costs money, and why would you money when you could text, chat voice for free?
well i think the opposite of that opinion.
in strong opinion computers are better for the world.
see the world through their own eyes.
with such experience computers take away time with and when i had computer, always now we never spent time with her.
the internet is a great way to have a highway of information at the touch of a button.
there is no way that anybody over the age of has never played a computer game sometime in their life.
what i mean about that is that he loves and cherish his mom and dad for what they did for him.
the reason i feel this way is a computer has google to make finding things easier.
so i say we as in the citizens need to watch out on how we put stuff out there that the kids can get a hold of.
he says with any luck id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat when talking about pebbles he placed in his mouth.
as you can tell, , without computers out hand eye coordination.
no books would be left if we censored libraries because people could find thing bad or unmoral in every book.
they can you.
there is a big difference between awareness and offensiveness.
i also know computers can or will help people all around the world.
dear newspaper , opinion on computers is that they have a positive affect on people.
i love the big aircraft t the airport.
you can also study food s that people eat and the clothes they wear.
those reasons being that you picked it out yourself and that you have traveled to the library looking for something you will enjoy.
they want a change so you can enjoy life again.
they could even have stuff that the young minds should not read.
in a world where we are raised to kill creativity, i find computers to be part artistic.
i almost see the kids screaming, their eyes darting around as they struggle to finish their high priority papers.
i believe that no book should be denied of this right.
a computer helps you learn about those things.
maybe you have used the computer to type information for your newspaper.
especially growing kids and teens.
today, a lot of children and teenagers are getting bullied.
they love and protect their young ones.
would you learn better with a visual in front of you?
you have probably read this and thought to yourself.
to me, computers are helpful, yet extremely vile.
this all stays next all on the computer.
tons of jobs are listed by employers only for the curious person to find.
we should conserve them.
the bad road and speed limit sigh effect the cyclist.
the setting is a great effect on how the cyclists act especially with no water.
a movie, book, magazine, music, or even something on ?
finally, they end up forcing people into an unhealthy lifestyle.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she did fail the test and see wants to see the hibiscus is budding.
censorship is healthy for children, but restricting in adults.
that is all related to freedom of speech.
lastly, if you are on long enough, enough, it will become an obsession.
these types of movies are offered in libraries nationwide and are easily accessible to children.
these are all great uses for computers.
the mood that they author creates is kind of happy for what he has.
books can be a way of learning how to deal with thing in a better way.
reading this material give off bad information to a child.
if you want to chat, then you can use or instant messaging.
these questions do not come naturally but only through her viewing of material that she was not ready to view.
the setting it the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit in three ways.
a lot of people spend their day sitting in front of a computer and work.
she could look to the plant for inspiration.
they make sense.
computers have drastically helped out educationally at school, not to mention the easier way of connecting with friends and family.
one person love a book and another person hate it.
also, once the author had got into the hills he had lost a lot of his energy so peddling up his was a lot of work.
furthermore, when a kid comes across a very offensive book it could hurt there feelings.
as soon as the bus arrived, all the passengers ran to board it.
of all people in the have computers.
if the books are censored then some messages might not get conveyed and misinformation run adrift.
all movies, books, music, and other materials are labeled as they should be.
this would help you because at age people are dependent on computers!
people of all different ages and anyone is welcome to come in the library.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist by letting the author have hope .
but, there are no instructions in my area.
to help fight this cause!
many believe in the idea of censorship because it will protect their children and allow them to remain innocent and morally upright.
would you feel you loved nature but could never find any amazing parks?
the geese returning represents her starting over at drivers school and doing it again.
in the spring, all the flowers start to bud and bloom.
finally the dangers of a world like this with how the government whats to mess you up.
i disagree what people say about computers.
also, computers could be for fun and your used for work.
we find certain slurs and lyrics offensive, while others not.
not only that but don' you think typing is faster than writing?
going to like school libraries, for books i think it really depends on the age group.
take to a for instance, back in that time, it was common for black people to talk slang, and common for men to curse when mad.
but also people who listen to that type of music might be disappointed.
it going to stop whatever we do.
while you are on the computer you can interact with friends, find out about the weather, and find out if you have any homework.
another way to use computers to talk to people is to speak with a person you are not able to see in person.
at first, in the cyclists own words, things began well enough.
censorship in libraries has gotten to strict making the next generation miss key lessons learned about life.
to reject leaves you no smarter.
in conclusion , more and more people go on the computer, but it does not have to be a bad thing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in ways.
computers contribute to people who want to learn.
it is how they express themselves.
writers and editors of the newspaper, please agree with me on this topic.
this also sets the mood of the story because they are talking about a loving relationship the mood that the author set during the story was love.
the internet is also a good way to stay in contact with close friend or relative.
even though the computer has lots of things, and it is very interesting.
one of the most common and used thing around the world is instant .
criticizing subjects of entertainment is downgrading different forms of art.
its simple, if it comes to the point were people are causing problems then maybe that will be up to the people that work in the libraries.
since he made a few wrong turns, he ended up needing more water.
when he came to a snake in the rode, he had to get by his dehydrated state.
look at a photograph of the earth taken by a satellite from space.
i study in cambridge school which is one of the best schools in london.
you can find a lot of younger kids at the library theses days for school purposes.
nothing ask yourself that.
you can chat with someone half way around the world.
it is by the side of the
caring and always being there for each other and loving each other is just as important then having the same .
we used to see each other from time to time and talk on the phone about once a week.
you see, there are many things you can do other than going on the computer.
books are separated by age too, so a young child will be getting books from the children section so those books are for children and should be appropriate.
we packed our luggage and hired an auto-rickshaw.
the weather is not and he has to carry on over hills and on rough roads.
sad because is hard to leave something behind.
the cyclist has no water and thinks its only a matter of time before he dies.
he should know how to preserve his ancient glories and treasure them as national pride.
reading things and them getting offensive is a totally different thing.
people get offended all the time but do you see them trying to get what ever it is that made them fell like that.
the author is very happy and satisfied with the family he has and want his family has done.
result is nothing but a big chaos.
being active has no limit, but technology does.
the creators of their work are most likely proud of what they have accomplished and would like their audience to enjoy it to.
the author created a mood of immense gratefulness.
almost all people who use the computer often say of the time, they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family.
for example: to some people is very offensive.
this is probably what everyone uses the computer for.
and all that good family comfort that we all crave at one time or another.
they will only go somewhere else and do it.
whenever i have a holiday, i pick up any book from the shelf and read it.
movies are something you have to look out for too.
it helps education because always use computers to help kids learn important information.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
everyone is different.
but those books, movies, and music are not at fault like parents try to make it seem.
we develop through our teachings and grow through our surroundings.
typing on a computer in leisure time is a skill that will be looked for everywhere.
she then kept cycling and saw nothing.
that way they wont lose each other.
the computer teaches you things for life.
they think their is a cure for obese on the internet, but the truth is that the only cure their is by doing.
parents should also care about what there child hears or reads if there young.
another health risk is obesity.
email of course!
once again, it is rather difficult to use a computer and jump rope at the same time.
the cyclist has said that he had to ride over terrain that was smooth at first but then turned into rolling hills.
when i was young i went to the book store all the time with my mom.
for example fly a plane.
a is great way to bring your reading up.
third reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because some people find jobs online.
for example, there are many different religions in the world.
when the biker listened to the old folks he had confidence.
he also said that in his neighborhood, cultures came together and there was unity and friendship.
there are ratings on movies, and books are written for a certain age limit so everything should be placed accordingly.
computers also allow us to talk and communicate to people when there is no other way.
but if you take visit there you will get to really last the food.
also you can find free work out videos.
so why are people complaining about it.
this very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily.
censorship cannot be seen as the norm.
struggle for him was crossing the path of a ridiculously large snake and trying to keep his balance in his dehydrates state.
they show and teach us about history.
and on computers you could go on everything like , , , , and even work on the computer.
parents should tell their kids what they are allowed to read at certain ages.
i think that is one huge problem.
the library could get in a lot of trouble.
computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things.
come on this is !
reading information like this, creates a move advanced society.
this means that the day is hot and running out of water.
now every afternoon she finds herself in front of the computer monitor.
some even added fuel to fire by their comments.
next time you see a person who thinks computers give negative effects to people, tell the advantages of the computers and how it benefits society around you.
besides speed, computers also give you another great thing, communication.
luckily the cyclist made his way through and managed his obstacles well.
some people are just stubborn.
in school we should always wish our teachers.
and how all culture just came together as great solidarity and friendship doubt to when overt racism was norm and segregation prevailed in united .
your should be or older to take them out of the libraries or stores if they are really that bad.
fact, children have more friends over the internet then ever.
artificial simulations are no mach for the real outdoors.
others that i know choose not to read it because of the offensive content.
considering all of the things negatively affecting the cyclist, it is amazing that he managed to push through and reach a source of water.
also there is the question of, what is offensive?
it have bad language in it and a bad theme to it.
i think computer will help us learn, and do things faster.
it is true that with technology that libraries eventually become extinct.
many of us go to the library because we are looking for something in particular, rather than just browsing.
another reason is to express the theme.
a teacher works to build our nation.
these are so many ways communication can be made through a computer such as , , , , , and even email!
they need to learn about them first not by just looking on the computer.
i love him a lot, and he is my greatest strength.
let me throw out an example to you.
it has helped he get threw some rough and difficult times.
of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places.
when i was younger i went to the library all the time.
the second thing is that the schools is going to keep the books on the shelves and the students are going to want to read them more.
would you rather us not have computers and not know half the stuff about we live in?
these offensive tactics are a disgrace to literature and culture.
if you take offense to an item in the library then you do not have to read it.
you will miss out on exercising, nature and especially family and friends.
hearing them say that they have boyfriends and girlfriends, and how they know bad words just at the age of !
for example they would be able to get pictures and other information anytime they wanted to.
take them and use them for good you want regret it in the long run.
the communication is also great for businesses.
these are board games, video games, strategy game, adventure games, and many many more than that.
hiking is a popular part of a parks and can be performed by all ages, so go out and spend a weekend in the great outdoors!
dear , i have same questions for you and i was hoping you could answer them.
this is a amazing thing to be able to do.
it always returns .
he was given back roads that are abandoned now.
these are the books i remember.
so therefore it should not be any reason that the materials should be removed from the shelves.
finally, computers are great for learning a new language.
computers also take time away from doing something productive, like playing outside.
memories of her grandmother make her sad but in away make her happy.
from sitting on your while on the every day you any calories or fat when you eat all your doing is gaining weight.
this is the third reason on why computers have an huge effect on people.
the library is a fun place to go, and it would be even better if everything there was good and not bad
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any us.'
plus the fact that the internet is quick & easy.
also, it shows the determination all living things have to succeed at their main purpose.
kids like me always have homework on the computer.
i know i .
perhaps, the multitude of books and songs that we have now would disappear altogether.
first, computers are great to use for research instead of books that waste tree.
my final reason in this letter of why i don' like over using computers is that it limits the time that can be spent with family and friends.
i am going to tell you how they are wrong.
can be harmless, but it can also be offensive.
last week i had my final examinations.
and by doing this it will help me on my project or essay.
teenagers need to exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each.
this has become a problem.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love & sacrifice.
as a result, this is why the author ended the story with that.
the terrain was also bumpy and rough to travel on.
when i was six years old we a driving game.
the cyclist is our in the hot, relentless desert.
dear newspaper i think that there are many reason why computers are good for people.
the author created many types of moods in this .
mostly every person has a computer and it does not effect there lives a lot.
however, another parent not have a problem with it.
if they want to play that game, or read that book they should be allowed.
relationships are suffering, and computers are at fault.
the setting basically made the story.
if you take that word away from the book, you lose some history of the old south.
after all, if the language in some slavery books was not as vivid as it is, some people not oppose slavery as strongly as they do.
i have cousin in and i talk to him through webcam are more people then who talk to relatives elsewhere actually almost soldier talks to someone back home.
other people think that the computer is very helpful.
it landed at jaipur airport.
we are also taking away books that interest a child.
although parents care about the things their children read, books should not be banned.
not only do computers less on unhealthy life style, it also causes spend less time with family and friends.
provides a very valid point.
from slavery to the future, there are movies where i have learned a lot.
you can send information from one computers to the other.
dear , i believe that computers do benefit society in a positive way.
one parent thinks is bad, another not.
if the reader does not like it and finds it offensive, then they should not read it.
how of you can see your family and friends on the computer using a webcam.
another example is after he had left the sign that told him not to pass.
also, i think that having books that might be a little offensive makes that book more interesting.
it is tone of love because he explains that his parents taught him many great things.
in elementary school libraries, i think it would be appropriate to censor the books that are bought, and used in the library.
i actually felt the opposite feelings toward the book.
they can express their feelings in a way that is amazing.
the ostrich is so strong that they can even carry a
large public libraries contain music with explicit lyrics.
maxim has the ' a bunch of laying around in clothes that barely cover them.
and your spend all your time on the computer.
the best thing of all is that is free unlike a telephone.
first the hibiscus will be strong again when the wind stops blowing.
the features of the setting cause the cyclist two main problems: doubt and dehydration.
it sounds very offensive but it actually teaches people the origin of the word and how it came to be offensive to people.
for example, this sentence includes both the geese and the hibiscus, representing her new home, and the old, together in harmony.
some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising.
pick-pockets have their day at such hours.
i know they might not be the best reasons, but they are quite important to me.
growing up in a small town, where ideas of gender and sexuality were somewhat firmly set, any search for dissenting opinion was often fruitless.
com and were able to learn math and have fun at the same time.
families relationships are being ruined and peoples health is at steak!
everyone has different opinions and likes.
last but not least, computers have allowed us to access information like never before.
what would are lives be without them?
all information is helpful, just not all is necessary.
for example, they do taxes, paperwork, airline tickets, and the bank.
hes on a very hot climate, in a desert, so he needs lots of water, but he has a limited supply.
when she says that her babysitter was her first friend.
everyone has a different view on something, that is what started this issue in the first place.
they teach you to watch time and act promptly.
there is a movie out now that is rated and is extremely scary.
therefore, the author chose to end the story with this paragraph for several reasons.
journey still i face.
censorship most often occurs with books in a school setting.
they get sucked in stressed out and stalked.
if they want to watch a certain movie or listen to a certain song, then why not let them?
in rough road ahead.
also to be able to learn about faraway places will help in school.
without some limit on censorship in a library, absolutely anything could be found there.
all of us are different and we like different things, but we should accept the tastes of others as well as our own
therefore, you should not ban books because, it demolishes your individuality, and it makes you conform to what other people want.
there for the wood of the memoir is those two reasons why it is a mood that the author created.
first of all he was in the desert on a bike!
polar bears, whales of different types, and other creatures all need our help to fight this extinction problem.
dear newspaper , have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society?
has no one ever heard of freedom of speech?
however some experts believe that people spend to much time on computers, and that people are not as active or healthy because of it, and.
thank you for your time.
i agree that this benefits society.
some people be against censorship in libraries, but there often is not censorship in bookstores, movie stores, music libraries, etc.
that section is only for mature people of the ages or older.
heat would affect the cyclist because heat prevents you from functioning at your greatest ability.
after the guy in the first scene has just been brutally murdered?
with the internet the computer provides the users with websites that enable them to talk to friends, watch videos, play games, and more.
when the school started my father took me to the principal.
my second example is the effect of the computer.
but i believe that typing it might be faster and neater for some people.
we should neither speak ill about others nor use harsh words for anybody.
i think it would bring us back a couple of ages.
it was a horrible experience.
, librarians, and public officials have gone too far in thinking they should have the right to choose who reads certain books and who does not.
in fact, about of computer say that over a using a computer.
i say this because you can learn, stay good, and communicate.
the authors should not be punished just because someone is offended by what he or she wrote.
artists, authors and publishers release their work to get information out and to let others hear their voice, it is their freedom of speech.
a postman’s duty is to deliver the letters, parcels, money orders etc.
i believe computers are a benefit to society.
when maybe they through them giving a presentation much easier!
the internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas.
when changes happen with the hibiscus, changes happen in the story.
without it, these days, just about everybody would be lost!
even little things like, if your going to your friends house, then take a jog there instead of your bike.
the author concludes the response by saying that when spring comes and the hibiscus is budding she will take the test again.
he must not be afraid of anything.
education is the growth of human mind.
because they think that they are bad.
in , of course we have the freedom to do what we want.
it is a place one can go and learn about any subject he chooses.
he uses imagery and sensory language; which helps us feel i homey atmosphere when we read.
scary movies can make children have nightmares.
heaters, irons, washing machines, freezers, and room coolers are in common use.
he said i will never forget how my parent turned this simple house into a home.
the mood created by the author in this memoir was nostalgic.
the setting in the story greatly affected the cyclist.
this greatly affects his family.
the mood of the story is happy.
plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space.
hobbies keep us busy and happy.
technology is like a train are you going to live it.
this way very easy considering i typed it in and had hundreds of ways to increase my pulse rate.
if such measures are taken, i think they will keep all readers, viewers and listeners pleased.
if everyone went to the library and took everything that they thought was offensive off the shelves, we would have nothing left.
what if something important happens?
for example, kids are always.
now she can be prepared.
most everyone has cellphone now, and it does much more than allow people to talk to one another from two different places.
why would we want to embarrass these guys anyways?
computers today are consuming our world.
it was hot when he was riding so he was thirsty.
my next reason, however is even greater.
if there were hills the cyclist would be tired as well as thirsty.
the water also had the flavor of battery acid.
this shows how grateful he is for his parents, to do all this, just to give him a better life.
the experts can say what they want, but the computer is and always will be benefit to society.
during all of this i was just about five feet form the counter these guys was at.
there are sections on the shelves that say what genre they are.
you learn so many good things from a libraries.
lets take a magazine for example, a magazine has things that talk a lot about sex, drugs, and other things related to that.
she had been very discouraged by this, and she was trying to remind herself of being at home.
the setting of the area where the cyclist was biking effects him because it makes him weaker.
every person is different and likes an option to pick a book that they can get in to.
this was conflicting on how long it took him to get to the next place with water.
i encourage you to continue reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas.
a few extra types
the main thing that computers are great for is research.
( questions were only used to support my survey) the next time you are asked to chat online please decline before you to become obsessed with the computer.
parents, as well, will surely not allow their children to borrow risque material.
i would read a different story every week with a large group of kids in the community.
you can get in contact with people, if you have a question you can look it up and you can do your job on a computer.
my views on the censorship of libraries is that there should not be any of it.
my point is that there is a whole world outside of we only got off our computers and played outside.
also you can socialize as well as study with this device.
it shows her wilt and blossom again when she tells her mother the news about the test.
for whoever reads this, remember what we produces as media is who we are, what we do , and what we live for.
on the whole i feel society would be better off without computers.
i say this from experience.
for example, fights could break out or wars could even start, depending on how many people were offended.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is happy and grateful.
its almost impossible to keep all children away from these things, but we should at least try to.
the cyclist then felt happy and relieved.
this is where some kids go because they are addicted to the computer.
finally, it is a good fool.
it has raised the threat of a nuclear war.
if it is found to be offensive to an adult audience, then it should be pulled off the shelves of a library.
great people have taught the value of austerity by living a simple life.
i would create a good atmosphere in the school.
when purchasing items online, you never really know what your going to get.
this made him happy because he knew that he was safe and loved with these people.
most libraries have magazines, because its for your entertainment, and they want to keep you happy so you will keep coming back.
they will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way.
traveling is also a good way to get outside.
there is no way to properly censor all your books without upsetting customers.
they increase responsibility by giving you many choices.
some magazines that contain graphic material are very educational, such as .
as he goes along his confidence starts to wither away.
secondly you have the ability to research places all over the world.
there are just way too many people that get offended while reading the books they want to read.
she brings it home and is at first reprimanded by her mother but then thanked for buying.
censorship in libraries is something good to have and something bad to have.
the adult must be or older.
these settings would affect anyone who came across them.
something that commonly said.
or modern day without taking a step out of your house.
this is my last reason.
did you know that the positive effects computers have on people the negative?
being on the computer you can go nights without sleeping.
morning walk keeps me away from sickness.
this showed us that different people can take offense to different things because of their heritage.
there have been a couple of times where i have walked in a library where i found a couple of books that was offensive towards me.
these hills made it hard to go up on a bike, considering his lack of water, and the heat.
the internet has so much information.
no one wants their library to be closed, so libraries should not be censored.
also, if it is really hilly, then it is harder and will take longer too.
but, there is one problem.
computer help you out with projects and i think everyone should have one too.
the time has come to decide whether to have a computer or not to have in computers.
for example, if you are playing games on the computer for hours, it can strain your eyes.
well it all lead back to money.
the people who organize and let this kind of media float around for kids to pick up have some moral issues that need to be checked.
should libraries ban certain books just because of some contend on one page?
however, it has grown so much.
dear editor, i agree with having computers in our homes.
because it can glue people the ability to learn about anything they want to learn.
this function keeps kids in touch and active.
well then last point is that all these helps us in a way if you really think about it.
for example, about a month ago my back was really bothering me.
either way she should be careful.
my stepfather needs to get of the computer!
i found one that looked very interesting i got it and started to read it.
i am against the removal of offensive entertainment because it is not fair to everyone else that is a member of the library.
they teach you skills you need in life.
people everyday become and being right with , so people will take offense to some of the disturbing images in magazines.
so to sum it all up, you can get school work done.
the computer people made programs that can computers and more really cool.
with this the author clearly shows the mood for love and happiness.
it can be very unhealthy for someone, and not just teenagers, to use the computer for an extended amount of time than they should.
the creates a mood of happiness in the .
instead of banning or removing these kinds of books off shelves why not put a strict age limit on books, and actually stand by it.
such as how many points got for your fantasy team.
then it would be hard to learn or teach anything.
like for lots of people have college for people who did not.
this program is used from everything to research papers to.
for people of all ages to obtain.
also, computers let you learn a lot about history.
whether it is found in a magazine, a book, music, or movies is irrelevant.
a round the world have asked this or been asked this question.
it might not be good for the eyes of people.
also, the bait shopped allowed him to opt something to drink, and not die from dehydration.
while on this wonderful adventure of learning you even get yourself into a vacation adventure.
libraries have books that are short, long, and everything in between.
everyone has interests in different types.
in the south, most treated as dirt.
sheltering things from kids prevents them from maturing, and discovering the real world.
it can be used to send important messages to people that are farther away from you.
the reasons why i agree with computers have benefits is that.
are you !!
it also helps you make new friends.
second, there were short rolling hills, and rough roads which made it hard to ride on.
they also show unity by explaining how close everyone in his neighborhood and family are.
if we make a to spend this than on computers i think we can reduce this obesity amount and i believe ran as on overall country.
three, lose interactions with family and friends.
you cannot tell a girl that she needs to be a specific height and a specific weight by a specific time.
have you ever read a book half way through and questioned why you are reading it?
its all in perspective.
he is thankful for his parents because they gave up their life for him.
these ways are that he is running out of water, he might become dehydrated and he is unsure of the path he is on.
these materials are made to entertain someone, some are entertained by offensive material.
i understand if everybody thought it was really offensive to take it off but not just one person.
it has been discussed by many people, but a decision has never been reached.
computer can have every game you want they have kid games, year old sister goes on to the games that you can match.
( ), , , or .
what if you need to write an article for your newspaper about a newly discovered animal?
nature can affect us in many ways, by weather, by terrain, as in this case by animals.
if you bought a new computer and you got somebody can hack your computer and get all of the information from it.
this part of the setting affected him emotionally.
also, you can video chat with your lab partner to discuss how you can make the lab report better!
about of collage students go online and do challenge.
he had a limited supply of water and that also affected him in a very bad way.
this in turn allows us to get more done.
another is when the author says she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly fading to the distance.
if they see someone doing drugs or having sex, they might think that it is cool.
it can also help you with your job.
by spending all day on the computer you will get fat, lose great experiences on the outside and miss out on life.
after the sun sets he returns home.
the author adds this: i mean, not like the kind we had .
can i ever forget this incident?.
i acknowledge that i should get outside and meet up with my friends, but sometimes when its raining or snowing i just want to talk to them online.
for instance my little brother plays baseball & my parents signed him up online.
i am very much against censorship.
she means that even though she misses her homeland so much, she is slowly getting used to her new home, and her new life.
i think it would be a crime against to censor things in libraries.
schools lose a great deal of money just to touch that point.
it depends on a point of view like most things.
there is a time when i went to the library and saw books and especially magazines throughout, that had an impact on colored people.
so, speak up and talk to someone about the idea.
being social is one of the most important parts of life.
on certain websites you can see something that can teach you.
in the essay, he states, i noticed the terrain changing.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
by saying he was doing when it should have been .
the middle of the story is about how she is having a hard time adapting to her new home.
many of spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday.
for adults they use it for work.
no one should remove these sources of entertainment from our people even if some think they are inappropriate.
so yet, why do we keep these books in our libraries?
there are really three main reasons.
every person has different things that offend them and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that offended someone.
why should the government have total control over the are exposed to?
with nearly every disputable form of media that comes out, people harangue the producers and say the piece should have never been made.
also, the learn important facts about places and people.
even though i disagree with his ideas, i do not think his work should have been rejected.
so these are just some of the reasons i think computers could be bad.
computer change not only the body, but mind.
(pg ) this shows her getting over her sorrow and becoming determined and looking forward and taking the test again.
if something is so inappropriate or offensive then it should be removed.
computers are very helpful when it comes to learning.
did you know the two people who made google are dirt rich?
there are many useful devices that help us live our every day lives.
she says in the spring when the snows melt because she is beginning to get used to the quiet repetition of season upon season.
with computers communication is becoming faster and faster.
this shows that the childhood of this person was joyful with the culture, family, friends, foods, and smells.
is good to be in computer but not to long.
by banning these works of art you are banning individuality as a whole.
one reason how the features of the setting affects the cyclist is it shows the various problems that are being faced with the cyclist.
i hope this essay has really made you think about how you want to live.
well, in my opinion i think that computers help out so much more than a book.
this can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from around the world.
we have telephones.
does computers have an effect on people?
by her taking the test again in the spring it is symbolizing that she is ready to start test just like the hibiscus that is going to bloom.
so removing any sort of material from our libraries is a horrible idea.
they would pick the computer over someone who has been in their life forever.
if a teen helps with a then they can ask a for help.
now, lets talk about all the time that is being consumed by computer users.
when i hear about a book being offensive it makes me want to read it.
yes people shall spend time outside or with family, in small does the computer good for you.
the author uses this paragraph to conclude her story to show that there was thought & a process gone through where she was learning & growing.
every place that he passed by was a new experienced for life.
my father is a policeman.
parents would definitely not want their children to be reading books that contain sex, drug usage, and any violence.
if you need to learn about the of , all you have to do is type in it.
while surfing the web be fun, it has been proven unhealthy.
communities have many different types of people that live in them.
dear , i am writing to tell you about the effects computers have on people.
my father bought me few picture postcards, and my mother also shopped a bit.
it also makes a great teacher of about any subject as well.
if i brought over and read it to their kids and they got offended, should we get rid of ?
you will finally be able to look up a place you want to go.
some people believe that computers are a positive effect to people, but its positive because it rots you brain.
this shows that it symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it will help her overcome this test.
try and change what the reader might think about that time.
which we all know we need to play sports!
see everyone likes something different.
most libraries have labels for certain books anyway.
the water current was swift.
teaching something that a kid could remember or is helpful in the long run is the greatest thing.
which is parental guidance or and up.
make us feel like we have to go out and try it.
with different personalities comes different writers.
the features in the story tell me that it was in a very dry, not populated area.
we all know using computers helps people with all different kinds of things.
the mood is well many different things.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a very happy, loving, content mood.
almost every library uses this system so they do not have to use a censor.
he is saying that the terrain is deadly because of the snake that passed by him.
and, even if they did children would find a way to get around the restrictions.
so, with this way i would really like if there was a scale, or organization of books.
some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library.
is a very risky path to let the young children in our society take.
here are my detailed reasons.
he just explained how he was very thankful for how his parents raised him and the lessons that his parents taught him.
taking those things off the shelves, will not protect adolescents from hearing them.
so, we took our umbrellas and set out.
its a fact that you instead other people on computers.
hobbles, thirst and fear were all behind me.
the tree was laden with fruit.
i have tons of experiences of movies, books, music, and magazines that have offended me.
lastly the known, word!
if you were sitting near someone at a public library who was reading smut you could feel awkward.
not only is the terrain suddenly different, but the cyclist is rapidly deteriorating.
also, the rolling hills exhausted him from working to cycle up them.
first off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.)
and as time goes on it can only get worse.
another thing computers allow us to do is check the news.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
managing a household is a big responsibility.
just off the top of your head, how people do you know that use or ?
even if we do this there could always still be away.
some books are offensive but not all of them.
the says things about the older gentle man throughout the story.
and what about the , webcam, where you can talk to the person face to face.
some of the most interesting books that i have ever read are offensive in some way.
as you can see, computers are incorporated into our daily lives.
four out of five people each year are losing interest in going outside to play.
the author concludes this story with this sentence, because it shows hope for the future.
how can one take that freedom away from another?
the author concluded this story with this paragraph because she wanted show how the flower gave the little girl strength.
one of the best ways are on the computer.
a third way the author sets the mood is by speaking so fondly of their parents.
it is the season of flowers and fruits.
spending time on the computer runs up the electric bill.
the library should have a variety of books if not what if the point of a library.
recently, , the computer company took a survey to see how many people use the company for work.
says they are both right.
using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world.
do you know how many people use the computer?
we can also search any topic from a computer anywhere.
i talk to my friends everyday on the .
by is a book that explores the life of a convict in prison.
everybody has had a book that they thought was offensive but then the next person read it and they might think it is funny.
but i believe in both not to stop letting people reading them and for them to stay on market.
the mood in this memoir is very strong.
have you ever moved and wanted to talk to a friend from where you previously lived?
you can use the internet to communicate with people all over the world.
but that book helps people realize how much pain that slavery put on people.
staff members should think to put revealing works up to where the younger generation can not find them.
the author concludes the story with this last paragraph because it shows by spring she will be ready to retake her test.
the heat made it harder for him to ride his bike, and he also drank a lot of his water.
computers have made an extremely large impact and changed our ways of life for the better!
for every people when join a social page, get worse grades do to this issue.
it is no mandatory to go to one if you do not like what they have then do not to the library.
he can jump high across a fence and run very fast.
it would not be fair.
like all the trees, flowers, wild life animals too.
taking certain books off the shelves have a negative effect on people.
social skills are the difference between success and failure.
he just had to keep going.
people may choose gardening, stamp-collecting.
also throughout the whole memoir you can feel the happiness when he talks about eating dinner with all his family members and friends.
also, if it absolutely needs to happen, each library can have computers to where you can look up the book and see what that book is about.
sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it.
another is that people of all ages are becoming brainwashed by this electronic and not spending the time to learn things in quality.
not everything should be hidden.
we must not tease or laugh at others, especially when they have done something foolish or embarrassing.
this is what could happen if people are using them.
the environment is a hostile one for a cyclist.
as the cyclist continues for a few more miles, hes becoming slowly dehydrated, and finally sees a building.
computers kept our relationship healthy and i do not think it would have been that way without them.
speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits no one wants to miss out on.
although computers are hurting them by, the screen being too bright and hurting your eyes.
dear, editor of the .
he wears a smart khaki uniform.
it has flower plants and fruit trees.
anything offending another race or culture should be taken off the shelves immediately in my opinion.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
society possess a big problem.
the stones he found on the ground, helped keep his mind off the thirst.
we, as humans, enjoy the freedoms we are given and the choices we are allowed to make.
you could favorite websites to your favorites so you can go to it any time you want to.
for example the villain is presented as an attractive character casual, brave, smart and successful with women.
people think that computers are only used for games, but in reality, they teach us things about the world.
in this essay the setting plays a crucial impact on the cyclist.
the second problem is the cyclist lack of water.
another positive fact about computer is that you can find all the information you need and fast.
the mood of the boy in this story was he was happy talking about how his whole family could come to his house for any meal in the day.
they think it is too explicit, but another not.
yes i believe that books should be removed if they have derogatory terms in there such as racial slurs disrespecting the race of any human etc.
removing anything from the shelf is not bad.
it takes more than food to be healthy.
it makes the the people who would like the items that have been censored mad.
i felt at that time that it was a wonderful moment because even though they are both in opposite directions the two are still having a great time.
with toxic, the layer and skin cancer on the rise.
well some libraries want to take that concept away.
you just have time for friends and family.
of all that i have observed, i have found similar things as my experiences.
i go to see what is playing because it sounds unfamiliar.
in my opinion, his mood is happy, and joyful, based on how much he talks about his home.
will read the book in her own mind while finding it in the adult section of the library far from children; this scenario is how it should be.
some are impatient and look at their watches at every other second, other are worried and fret.
the stores just put the products on the shelf to make money not to get you angry about what the products say.
computers make people spend a lot time have dangerous risks, and take away interaction time.
why would anyone do this to themselves?
some people on the other side of the river heard our voices and they jumped into the river.
they are more of a benefit than a burden.
computers are one of the biggest advances we have in technology.
my tutor comes to teach me maths for one hour.
but thanks to computers life is one step easier if someone had a science project.
as you know the author of this book is named .
i have learned to deal with all of those things from books.
being able to talk with people online is a really great thing.
everybody has there different opinion and this is my opinion.
libraries banning books, music, movies, or magazines seems unreasonable since there is such a wide variety of people and their interests.
another major problem of computers is talking or chatting with strangers.
communication was absolutely not as easy before having computers.
computers let you learn more information.
but, even besides having bad people online, computers can with your privacy.
i took a survey of three kids that typed a composition and three kids that wrote it.
i can relate to this because i have also heard some things that i am not proud of such as foul language.
say you just got home from school, and your teacher had assigned you to write a two page paper on the .
so why fight when the world was meant to be at peace?
he relieved because he can get something to drink.
books are used to entertain and even teach readers in certain aspects of life.
websites that are colorful and fun can teach kids how to multiply and read.
the setting is one of the most important elements in a story.
dear (our local newspaper), has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers.
in everyday life there are things that are said in movies, music, and magazines that kids should never watch, hear or read.
about what society would be like.
in addition if a student forgets, losses, or is missing homework, they can log on the school website and print the paper out.
now they also have schooling tutors online.
what if there was a great informative book about how to do a certain task and no one knew how to do it.
i have read and seen a lot of books in my life time.
it can be also be when you steal and say its yours.
we have different varieties of rose and orchids in our garden.
the taj mahal is located in agra, india.
the mood is grateful + thankful throughout the memoir.
the second reasons is that adults likes to do their jobs online.
you could then make comparisons between the way you both live your life.
about of kids and adults go on these online pages every day its time they stayed going on their computer more time on outside or hangout with their friends.
the list is endless.
what are you going to do?
but since i come here every day i can meet a new friend every day maybe.
what if you are going on a trip but you don' know were to then you could use the beloved internet.
they allow people to contact others who are far away.
i sincerely hope you share my feelings about this matter.
it is a new day and age; things have changed from what they once were.
nobody forces anybody to comply to the recommendations, but hopefully everyone does so on their honor.
online chat especially has an effect on most people because were trading in a fun day for one where we just talk online and back internet.
in my own perspective should be an adult section, where only adults above a certain age should be aloud in or be able to check out.
if libraries censorship books and everything else on the shelves there would be nothing left for children at the libraries.
another reason, is that.
millions of people read and listen to those materials every day.
the author enjoyed a nice childhood, filled with friends and family, all enjoying the wonders of their home.
however, she will get used to it and do her best to do so, as shown in the closing paragraph.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
all of us began repeating it.
i think he creates a loving mood as opposed to something else because of the way he describes and explains things.
if certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects.
certain books, movies, music, and magazines are all about those three things.
due to personal rights and what history has shown the world, censorship should never be tolerated unless on the grounds of protecting children.
it is all helpful in the end.
the sand there is so deep, the wheels of vehicles get sunk
you see none.
if future generations are unable to learn what we have through these writings, then they will lack the insight we had gained.
a computer is a huge technological advancement with many uses.
bead all the about computers and you will think but like me.
do you really want to take the learning experience away?
at the end she realizes if she just has faith everything will be and it will be just like home.
some people do not like a book by its size or by how big or small the words are.
do you are one?
his mood was affected and he started to lose confidence and hope.
in this piece the features were determined how the cyclist felt.
most people would agree that when you have a computer you can just book a hotel online of going all the way to the hotel.
i remember when i was in grade i made a new friend and she moves to in the after grade.
no one has died yet from using a book instead of google.
even if you use a computer to chat with people, it still is no replacement for the real thing.
people are not less active.
as he travels farther, the land also becomes harder to travel on.
first, computers are a great source to do school work on.
finally, the lack of water has a huge effect on the cyclist.
he also cares that his parents do so much for other people.
another thing is computers give kids a positive ego or entertainment.
the features of the setting that affect cyclist depends where they are located.
he does it with love, another mood in the article.
the library staff could put those books in the alternative section.
i think they should just make sure the kids are checking out what their allowed to read.
one of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time.
to her the strange things are starting to feel the same year by year no new hope, no new anything just the same old thing day by day.
the student might get frustrated and would not know what to do and would have to get most to all of their research off the .
in conclusion, censorship in libraries is limiting and wrong.
in conclusion, people might say that taking out book is better than keeping them.
in this article i am going to tell you about computers and what people are doing with them these days.
you could also make lots of new friends by going out doors.
with music, if there is a bad word, the word is just skipped over or bleeped out which makes the song sound strange.
who wants to be told what they can and cannot read?
they told him that they knew the way and that they knew a shortcut.
in our country today, we have many different ethnic groups, and many people think differently about things.
i feel the computers one or important aspect of our lives.
but you must control what you do on them and how much you use them.
the setting in do not posted speed limits affects the mood of the cyclist in that every time the setting changes the mood of the cyclist changes.
also you can get information on places you will visit.
first of all, computers give you information on things that you cannot find in books.
was happy that everyone in her neighborhood got along.
also this will help people that are shy around people.
all of these would affect the cyclist because it would wear & fear on his physical & mental strengths.
a lot of the movies are adult movies ,but they do have a kid section at a lot of the libraries.
so help the world help you, and go promote the use of computers across your community.
today i am going to talk about certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines.
its not the computers fault.
you can go to the or to the aquarium.
computers can but promote bad habits.
firstly, those who are always on the computer need to exercise more, they need to exercise to stay healthy and strong.
computers can be very helpful to many people.
, computers make it simple to learn new information about many things such as people and places across the globe.
his memoir is all about the love for his parents and his gratitude toward them.
if not for the amazing of computers that me back, i would still do exercise, only to after about a week.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
he is clever at studies.
maybe and maybe not.
people can go to those websites and organizations to know what they personally should check out from the library.
this means that the cyclist is in the middle of nowhere with barely any water and energy, causing even more problems.
then, and easily as rounding a band, my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me.
not just some people.
also think back to that baseball player.
people have the right to say how they feel by any medium.
with that being said, why would a library take away books that only a certain percentage of people will disagree with?
the feature of setting affects the cyclist because the roads are too rough.
he was running out of water in the desert.
if you use the computer its bad, but if you use it in moderation then its a little better.
would you believe it would be right to have a censorship at the library?
for example, walking the dog, or kicking the soccer ball around.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist mentally, physically, positively and negatively.
decisions like that should not be left up to a group of people that has opposite views.
the author creates a happy and grateful mood in the memoir.
there were no buildings nor cars around so he had no way of asking anybody for help if needed.
the setting features also affected the cyclist when he encountered the snake.
dear , is a lot of technology including the biggest hit, the computer.
but first i well just discuss the way i disagree with removing offensive things.
let us innovate and create a new, better world.
the trips would not have been possible without help researching and making flights with the computers.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they doubt or lessen his chances for survival, but the cyclist is determined so he survives.
now i know everyone, kids and teens especially, love to talk to their friends so most people sign up for an online community website.
one major mood in this memoir is love, and loving.
the alarm clock wakes me up early in the morning.
more and more people use the computer.
now, have you ever thought were this heat goes.
inside the forest, there was very little sunlight.
computers are also educational when it comes to school projects because of these amazing websites.
this means that the parents will have a much harder time finding jobs in , and they might not get the pay they deserve.
it is a fact that you can survive without a computer.
the author in this memoir created a mood that showed how felt about this house and his parents.
talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill.
a second way about the mood is when he talks about his kitchen and how much it means to him.
the main reason is there is always going to be conflict between or more groups of people.
it is was changes countries and makes them different, it gives them there own culture which we can share with each other.
there are plenty of reasons someone want to do this.
every one and every thing looked fresh.
technology ruined my childhood as a kid and without it you get to open up the real importance of life.
problems can be easily solved if they are dealt with in the correct manner.
overall, the cyclist in this story is greatly affected by his surroundings.
young boys and girls also visit the market place for fun.
some expressed information in this text would be that there is a rough road, and a shake was in his way.
online there is much more which often break up friendship.
this need for the computer can be bad.
back to the point if people thinks a book is offensive to them then they don' need to pick it up!
i realized i have been wasting a lot of my math homework time lately with those online distracting game.
just make some kind of label that says that there might be things in the movies or whatever item such as books and magazines also.
the computer is good for connecting to people around the world.
dear local newspaper, i believe that with too much use of computer it will have bad affects on people.
however, we can also improve and learn from them.
you could also play outside and shoot hoops or ride your bike.
also he is dehydrated because he uses all of his water tend is having to push hard to make it to the next town.
( ) in that he also says how he got his culinary skills from his parents and that he was grateful for it.
yet, the real question is; about our children?
it seems like he had a good childhood.
computers help function machines.
they might even have a movie to go with the book the reader has read, but some people are more visual with the movie.
the people who support advances in technology are correct, computers open up imagination, and learning.
it drives me crazy and make me think why are their parents letting their children do this.
furthermore, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch.
the books from the movies like the side.
a lot of students type up reports and other things for school on their computers.
children need to be slowly and gently introduced to these concepts so they can fully understand them.
sundays generally have a fixed routine for the tv programs.
just put the book down, someone else might be interested in the book.
i have, heard of many books.
since she is going to take the test again she wants to help her mother.
no one can say what offends everyone.
censorship happens everywhere you are.
once he finds them, they are either ghost towns or are not useful at all.
he was losing water.
in the end we must ask ourselves, was it really worth it?
no need to worry, you can just type that paper up on the computer!
my third reason is people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends.
here two example of why they should be remove from the shelves music and magazines.
it gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so i believe computers are a great thing to have.
you would hardly ever get bored!
i would go on the computer and find the best part to go to and i would look at different hotels to stay at the reviews it has gotten.
there should be some way of telling the people that this is happening and is a concern.
of all, people have a variety of opinions.
computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored.
leave the libraries' books on the shelves no matter what is in them.
a library is a place to go and find books, music, and other things.
you can save anything on a computer.
he almost collapsed because he is so thirsty.
that sounds a lot more interesting than just talking!
truly if you decide to take out classics like we lose not only knowledge and the story we lose our freedom
how could anyone expect us to see our family in friends if there is no webcam?
my first reason not everyone should use a computer is because they get so distracted in the computer they forget about school.
the reason i choose this book was because, when i was young my father did the same to me.
do you see how important it is to spend less time on these silly computers?
music that is bad should be taken off the shelf.
the libraries are public for a reason.
a lot of people just go into their material as blind as a bat, as far as knowing if it is offensive goes.
dear , i am a child of the tech generation, or the generation in which technology has taken on a new meaning.
censoring our libraries creates an illusion of a perfect .
the snake charmers and jugglers were also there.
some of these stories can get very graphic as to convey the point that war is not all fine and dandy and all it seems cracked up to be.
not kids have ways to find out what their going to be in live.
if all different races want censorship, then why would we censor to the liking of just one group of people?
good bye to that book.
he thought, i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
for example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained.
in summation, help you find hotel or trip to go on with your friends or families.
freedom of speech and expression are still not being excluded from that group who does not agree with such material.
also for email purposes and to get important news around to everyone applicable to it.
certain things are acceptable in public libraries and other things are not.
also, some specific magazines contain images that are offensive to the people of our society.
also if we can make something like computers imagine all the other possibilities of technology advancements.
some of us do like those kind of movies or book or even magazines and think that is very cool or interesting
you go on the computer.
you, the parents, are heading to work while your child goes to and enters into the wonderful learning center computers.
a computer has made the life of a school student so much easier.
the ways of teaching this are typing, and clicking on something, people, when they type, look at the keyboard.
you would feel guilty if the child has problems for the rest of their life.
there are people out there that go on these websites on their computers and pretend to be a teen.
i do not believe that books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from library shelves if they are found offensive.
he has two pet dogs.
if there ever was a need to really look at something and give another chance this would be the topic right here.
there really helpful.
the sun was very hot on a summers day and without water makes it even difficult to keep moving because he was so hot and thirsty.
not to fear super duper computer is here.
some music might not be the best choice for a young child.
nobody just sits home and does nothing those days.
with all the computer games that they have for young kids it is improving kids hand eye coordination.
censorship effects everyone, from a small child to a grown adult.
if you want to learn something new or meet new people then i suggest you stop eating those chips, get off that couch and use the computer.
i also think that many people have been complaining about the violence in the community due to several disturbing books, music, and so on.
for example, the cyclist was pedaling and pedaling with nothing in sight.
if you ever wanted to check out books, movies, or magazines from that section you would have to be eighteen or older.
however, when you think about it, if everyone complained about a certain book being offensive, there would eventually be no more books!
picture this scenario if you will; a student at has to do a project on the in the .
the third and last demonstration of the mood is how the parents took what they could get and made their house, into a home.
as you can see, the weather the computer world have saved him a trip to the emergency room.
you feel their pain.
like , and the obese have shown how people gain weight.
computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face.
we all have the right to ask them to take it off the shelf and if they dint then they well get into trouble
since i am a teen i also know the problems with youths and computers.
the sections are split into children , teens , and adults .
there are many great effects computers have on and for people.
my last reason that computers are beneficial to or society is that they allow people to talk with other people.
it is a whole different word now and it is a lot of old books and songs.
the computer also allows you to talk from faraway places like if you live in you can talk to somebody else in .
many of them have to do with different religions or races that people have different opinions on.
in fact, they have done quite the opposite.
dear , more and more people do use computers, but it is not a bad thing.
second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world.
will create fewer arguments between adults and set an example for younger children who are observing their parents behaviors.
some of our media not be the most appropriate things ever, but we can still learn so much from it.
in my personal view, if you do not like the language of the book, put it back on the shelf.
i that i would feel a lot better if i went for a run instead of going on the computer.
i think that children and other people should be able to read and listen to stuff without it offending others.
it has all kinds of medicines available.
she is convinced that by spring she will be able to overcome this obstacle and have the confidence to pursue any that will arise in her future.
() this shows that it was very happy and exciting in their kitchen.
as you of all people can see, many don' think too much about time.
they are just a part of my nature and help me to be more expressive of myself.
i fully support the advances in technology.
in his neighborhood, many people were the victims of racism, so they all came together to be a stronger whole.
you can almost search anything on the computer.
in this world you never know what someone might writing.
that is bad that they would have that on there shelf, just because that makes there library looks like a trashed up place to go to.
some people might think that computers are a waste of time.
its not like they are watching anything bad.
however, in my opinion, offensive reading, viewing or listening material does not belong in libraries, to some extent.
in fact, i teach myself at home.
my mother would not let me read the books when i was younger.
maturity comes with understanding.
my favorite part about the computer are applications like , , , and so many more.
computers really are a helpful, fun, and useful tool to society.
if you are going to have any of these items kept in your home, then keep them in a place where children can not find them.
i think growing up, learned to very important lessons.
this is happening more and more frequently.
he no longer had that much water.
so what if a book found offensive was removed?
there are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people.
i was missing out on a lot of things.
the mood the author gives is a very comfortable mood.
that is the question.
he says he is grateful for the spirit an generosity given to him by his parents at a young age.
sooner or later everything will be based on computers like, jobs, school, and ever the medical field.
the hibiscus represents her staying strong in the winter and the come spring she builds up and goes and takes the test again.
we should never give up.
well you can be done with the hours of looking if you just use a computer, then you can get outside, and play games.
the content in libraries, offensive or not, should not be removed.
their are many mood set by the author of this memoir.
man’s conquests over nature tell us about his great powers of mind.
if they are offensive why put them in the libraries?
also, people go to libraries to find something out.
and then we have no books left on the shelve for any of us.'
i mean of course there are certain books that should be censored, but in doing so you exclude great novels from the past.
an example that shows how loving they are is when it they left their family, friends, and careers so their children could have a better life.
this can also be used with movies.
the way i look at it as i see is that to much is bad so i think spending some time on it is good do you agree?
they could play a board game, watch a movie, and much more.
if you have family near you, then you should take advantage of that and interact with one another.
was always happy because he was always a part of a family.
theses books all have history in them of our past.
i say that computers have a more positive effect on people.
they will argue that there is really no severe need for the computers to be monitored, or that they have blocked websites.
furthermore, enjoying nature is a must, in our world full of immense landscapes, wide waters, dense forests, and lush valleys.
most kids come home from school and go on aim.
and i think as years go by more and more people will start to realize that.
to some, having this much freedom causes great things to happen.
censorship violates freedom of being different.
however, we might investigate into that theory ourselves and not be offended in the slightest.
no longer will people have to take an airplane to talk with friends on the other side of the world.
little kids become teenagers, teenagers because young adults who eventually become adults.
when you first walk into a library you except to see people checking out books , or books that catch your eye just by the title.
libraries are important resources that tons of different groups of people come to enjoy, relax, and think.
that takes away a lot of literature for the people that like that material.
that one second’s care, might have won him a prize.
i for one believe that computer are useful for many things.
i worked hard all night to get it done.
a few days ago a friend took me to an arphange.
also, parents, instead of having an entire library censored, censor what children get from libraries.
in conclusion, the books in question could be good or bad in the eyes of the next person to read it.
i eagerly wait for it all through the year.
the mood of the in the memoir is happy and grateful a quote for being grateful is is paragraph .
why would something that, yes, is offensive to some, but would grab promote and keep some within it
whether or not a book appeals to you is about your beliefs, values, or customs.
they feel it should be locked away, as if it were some eyesore.
this gives off the mood of hunger for great food.
you will lose artifacts and stories about the history of the world.
it can make someone a better person.
would you be able to about from you living rooms without computers.
so can we come to an agreement life?
all you need is a computer.
i hope you think of computers the way i, and millions of other people, do.
we should take time to read some of those so called offensive books.
the problem is, that with all of this and knowledge, there are young minds that are not yet ready to soak it all up.
after all, computers can be educational, a social networks and fun.
the biggest one is typing.
r is for restricted to people under seventeen (without an adult present) , is for people of the ages sixteen and under without an adult.
the author in the story created a mood that you could feel all over while reading the article.
although there are many works that are meaninglessly violent, brutal and cruel, no book or any other material should be censored.
if he had not charmed her with his knowledge from the computer.
she was so disappointed when she failed her drivers test.
in everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us.
dear local newspaper, have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer.
the author kind of gives you direction & idea where the story going to go also when the flower buds.
if a child wants a book from the adult section then he or she would need to have a parent with them.
everyone who goes to a library should have everything to there needs.
come to find out the water tastes like battery acid.
parents will eventually find out what you doing behind close doors, they been through everything you doing or trying to do now.
his parents life was hard they tried to make it as good as they could for, their son.
it is important that computers stay in our lives, they are helpful and we have learned to live with them, which is why they must stay.
music is a freeing way to express oneself in a not so violent way.
i believe that older teens like and are more mature about this, if they read a book in the library that might have a bad word.
next, he describes his neighborhood.
it made me shiver with cold all the more.
four of us reached there, three gents and one lady.
not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues but it is also a great way to contact people.
i also think students rely on computers to do work too.
the author concludes the story with this because its winter now + the flowers are gone, but during that time when she was planting she grew more mature.
so you might as well get used to it.
there is where all of the family will either become broke with no money or food.
i really hope you will consider my opinion for your article, editor of the .
without these books our history of the world will be soon forgotten.
love because his parents loved him and each other very much, and they cared about what they did and their family.
materials should be organized that can easily see if they would be offensive or not.
while searching the library, i came across a book that my mother and i felt should not of been where younger people could see.
children need to be careful about they say or show on the internet.
when i went to a skate board demo at skate lair i had tons of fun.
we want to know the welfare of the person.
why is that good well my point of view is that business need that to order their stocks for store carriers and more.
if people began to take away options on reading materials some kids refuse to read at all.
a recent pole in the times.
two computers are good for you in many ways.
music is to be played through headphones only and must be at an appropriate volume.
almost reluctantly, she realized that many things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
is a very happy and grateful mood.
they moved from their country so that he could grow up in .
around the cyclist was deserts, and more empty towns.
if someone thinks their book is offensive and it gets censored, the author of the book would be even more offended.
first reason is do you like wasting time walking though the library looking for places or people.
i think most people can control themselves, though i believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people.
computers were invented to benefit mankind, not hurting and they are doing a great job.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on peoples' lives.
people can also use computers to type and save paper.
like say a high school paper.
if any book, music, movies, magazines, etc.
this is a number that, in my opinion, is too high.
this can teach the next generation that it was a bad idea and should not have happened in the first place, so they will not do it.
you can chat with people even if there is no one around.
so you and a lot of others payed for this book and now you want to wast that money.
for example, elementary and middle school libraries should have a stricter censorship than high school libraries.
another big problem is the rough terrain.
the lack of exercise while using a computer impacts people more than they realize.
when the hibiscus adjusts to its new life in ground soil, she will adjust and be ready to take the test again.
finally the creature was a large snake that came along on road.
he is soft-spoken.
this tells how the narrator is thankful.
both of these things you can do without a computer.
the variety of data bases and resources the increased communication and the skills computers allow you to portray and prove that they are essential for this generation.
for example think about google earth; it allows the human eye to see clear pictures of anywhere in the world!
this is where one realizes the important things.
you can also go to school online.
the computer takes times away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous.
the overall mood to this memoir was , that the family gets to share so many great, and fun moments together.
computers actually have a positive effect on the mind and movements.
this tests and quizzes.
he was majorly dehydrated because he was out of water except nor a few tantalizing sips.
who is to blame for opening the book and reading it?
dear , people like computers, a known fact.
the last thing that i am going to talk about is how i feel on censorship in libraries.
do you want to learn about the far away places without breaking the bank?
this nation needs as many books as it can get because they are all extremely helpful to those that they appeal to.
because books are like atoms.
different people have different hobbies.
yes, the wonderful world of technology.
people on computers waste a huge amount of their timer.
this shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it.
now i am going to tell you how everyone has computers.
in this day in age, numerous advances in technology are being made everyday.
this could be dangerous at times because not all materials give a specific summary of what happens.
movies have a rating system for a reason.
finally, freedom of speech is why they should say.
he created this feeling because while reading he never uses a word about violence or hate.
but a parent might get upset that their child is hearing, reading, or even seeing these things and might band it from the library.
you could send an email and save the paper.
that is how you get kicked off of these things.
i think that the hibiscus is an can of hope and inspiration to her .
dear , to or to it wrong to ban a book?
these relationships are described in detail.
he does not misuse the facilities provided to him.
my third and final reason is that when people use the computer there.
this is why people should agree that advance in technology.
they could go on the computer and tell their friend.
censorship is an opinion based topic that one cannot make on their own.
in conclusion, computers keep you from spending time with your family, has students misspelling words, and distracting you from doing your homework.
in my opinion everyone has the freedom to choose what they want to read, watch, or even listen to.
freedom of speech and freedom of press are both protected by the constitution upon which our country was founded.
this apply to everyone else that they are not accepting it.
if you were in a library and you saw a book or anything that you took offensive, more than likely someone else will find it offensive too.
we are very thin because what we do almost every .
the author has created a loving mood in his memoir.
another subject is the movies that are coming out in world.
online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others.
everyone in our world has different thoughts, beliefs, morals and values so why should we try to force our own views on others?
first of all, computers detach people from reality.
they use it a little too often.
we make our own decisions whether people like it or not.
everyone could express themselves everyday, in their own way
the person might have to live the lesson to learn it.
in fact, out of jobs require a computer.
in such a diverse society, clashing opinions are unavoidable.
there are parents that allow their children to read, listen , and watch whatever they want.
my personal opinion is that i do not think that books should be removed from a shelf even though it offend someone.
if the people of our world are denied the right to write a book on their opinion then what kind of world do we live in?
sometimes we have family that lives long distance, no one wants to pay for a call so we have the internet to connect!
the mood the author created was a peaceful mood.
the teachers assign projects that include going on the computers and finding information all about your topic.
personally going to the movies to see a new action movie that looks thrilling and entertaining should be fun, but where does the fun stop?
even if they are concerned about the minds of their children when they go inside a library, they can filter what a child looks at and reads about.
no one, computer are one of the most useful device ever made.
there is also a nice bakery shop just outside the market.
now, more families only spend time with each other when they eat dinner together.
also he loved that his parents thought them so many things.
in my opinion only influential music should be able to be rented out.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
i think who ever gets there first should get the book, but that just me.
many passengers came out of the compartment.
by taking away a book that students greatly enjoy it discourages them from reading altogether.
you can cut and paste pictures for a project you might have due.
very big trees looked very small.
next the author installed a sense of warmth.
he takes pains to explain the lessons.
they can come in all shapes and sized to fit your wants and needs, and can connect you to anything in the world.
i would do a observation on all the books that we had in our library.
he wakes up again early in the morning and gets ready for school.
can you think of a book that you hope none of your children or any other children have taken off the shelf?
she concludes the story by writing when they come back [the geese] then i will take that test ).
i not agree with all the statements they bring up but they should have a fair chance like anyone else would.
he even put pebbles in his mouth to suck on so he would be able to keep his mind off water.
the money the give to the government is to take care the homeless people.
researching on the internet.
they can also correct spelling mistakes as well as prevent mistakes in legibility.
for example, the heat caused him to get dehydrated on his journey and begin to feel signs of heatstroke.
keeping the books in a different part of the library might be a better suited way instead of banning the books altogether.
another aspect of the environment that can have an affect on a cyclist is the climate.
but then we ask our selves why do people want to set at a library and read.
computers are a waste of time and they keep family and friends from spending time together.
they grow and mature everyday, developing physically and mentally.
so its never.
the human race has survived over hundreds of years without computers and we can survive hundreds more.
a woman should not have to go to a library and come across a book stating her religion is an waste and stupid.
this just adds onto the fact getting the exercise is important to stay healthy.
spending all day rolling away in front of a computer, putting yourself and relationships in danger is, unfortunately, the effect of computers.
so many books would be lost if someone could write because it was offensive.
secondly, the computer is also good for researching topics for school and common interest.
this is a good way to use the computer because you can track your route you can even print a map and go hiking.
when example of happiness was that his parents passed on their culinary skills and a love of cooking.
so then he had a time to get cool.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on other people.
almost everyone can remember a time a child when they were young and innocent, free of worry and trouble.
social life , you could have with all the people you are also will them.
finally, if someone finds a book offensive they do not have to read it.
just yesterday i had to type up a response, a free writing choice, and an entry for a history project.
only thing that can take you away from having fun with your family and friends is yourself you cant blame it on a computer.
it is all about what you as a reader is comfortable with.
magazines and movies are the same way.
a lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets.
, i think we have a problem.
in some cases, such as in the classroom, your rights do end where mine begin.
the mood in this memoir is created by the people and family who live there, and go there.
this shows, as a result, that students actually learn responsibility from computers.
he then to the negatives of a computer.
and if all the books are taken off the shelves, then all the books in stores would have to be thrown out as well.
the past experiences of our lives often influence things in our life, weather we consciously know it or not.
being able to play games for free on your computer is awesome.
this will drain almost all the energy the cyclist has.
works meant to be accessed by the public should not be removed from the shelves of libraries if they are deemed offensive.
computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends at a distance!
you then go back to your house and eat the food while on your computer.
first off we would not be able to do some of the things we do without computers.
information in books can take so long.
another reason is, i go to the library i expect to get the book that i want to read not what others like.
the same goes for books, magazines, and music.
experimenting is self contained.
you are taking away all of the interesting parts of a book.
you meet new people when you are in the computer.
this way people can know what to expect if they read .
they are a way of communication, , and allows students to do better in school.
by censoring rape from media, we are ensuring that the people in future generations never learn about rape.
some people who finds things offensive are maybe looking at it in the wrong way.
and if he is not and with no water he probably could barely make it up the hills.
they say that the cons outweigh the pros.
probably not to happy.
when a virus hit it all of his files were gone and along with his records.
in public libraries though, these books should not be censored.
censorship is acceptable in some circumstances but what is censored should not be decided by the government.
therefore, the author concludes the story with that certain paragraph because it symbolizes the importance of the flower.
sure you could use a laptop outside but are you really enjoying the outdoors?
it is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away.
dear to this concern, computers do a whole lot now of days.
lastly i think books that express violent and criminal acts should be censored from minors.
the innocence of the youth today is slowly being destroyed by the subliminal messages found in music, magazines, and movies.
therefore, i support her sentiment.
the best part is you can research anything even if its like a million miles away.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
the author really emphasizes how thankful he is that his parents did this for him.
so my answer for removing offensive things would have to be yes and no.
computers are not assets to society but issues.
the terrain really affected the ??
it would be amazing to know that all the people that love to read will not be offended by what they are reading!
maybe she wants to see what lays ahead.
false statement or inaccurate statements in books can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy.
there a lot of things to life and sometimes we do need as much help as we can get.
this is why you need to spend less time on the computer.
the reason i say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging).
this hope at the end of the story helps put the reader at ease when they wonder what might happen next.
you can just simply type in the word and search and then you have millions of choices to choose from.
instead via internet.
do children need to be protected for some things?
in life, we cannot shut our eyes and pretend that there are not harsh concepts out there in the world that we have to face.
after that, they can not tell you to get off of it, unless you are violating the law or looking up something not age appropriate.
magazines they have many different varieties of things for all ages and you pick the ones you want for you or your child.
they take away and diminish time, interacting with family, and seeing the world.
firstly, effects computers have on people are good because the people can learn hand eye coordination.
weather, places, the will to continue all are reason that explain how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
the community and the author that writes it should get more of the say then anyone else.
can be offensive to others.
also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more.
certain examples stand in play to explicate my opinion.
instead on some chips while typing.
this shows the generosity of his parents and the author is trying to create a loving mood.
he is also a builder.
if it is a bad day then they will not want to but probably will.
i most people would feel bad.
yes, the library is mostly used for books and studying, but there are many other things that libraries contain.
a second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research.
lastly, if you are getting ready to go on a trip, you can check flight information with the click of a button.
but she realized that the hibiscus could be a reminder of home as well as reminder to change for her new home.
almost everyone has some little issue with something in the world today, and because of that, original and unoffensive material are hard to come by.
its cool to not have to even got up to get what you want.
this tells us that cyclist is hard to ride on the road.
this is why a computer is a useful thing to use.
if you are watching a movie on a network like or ; those channels censor movies.
if your the type of person that is a at something.
computers serve as a great source of communication.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
learning the harsh realities of our society educates people, allowing them to stop these realities as well as be prepared for when they happen to them.
the mood of the author is happy.
the main problem is water, or lack there of.
you can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have a messy handwriting.
taking away the enjoyment for some readers, however, is unethical.
i understand a lot of things in this world is about money and people make money by selling things to others.
it was real troublesome.
this is him showing that he is grateful because he says it in the sentence and he also tells the reason why he is grateful to them.
the internet provides an efficient low casting, or even free, way to help any language learner.
in conclusion, i think that this could go both ways.
did you know is a program were you can look at your grades and missing assignments?
you are probably saying that you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise.
some parents do not want their children reading about vampires and werewolves.
it also sopped the energy out of him, further complicating his ride.
the connection with seeing a tumbleweed is that of being deserted and alone so this increased his feelings of despair.
some artist like to sing or rap on their life journey.
some of it can be bad, but mostly it all is good information.
another reason would be because people would want to see the funny things that people invent that actually make the shows.
so why should those things be?
this will be used through out people lives.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
they let us talk to friends and family around the world.
does it make is right for children to see and want all they want to?
the quote show the loving, caring, and gratefulness expressed in the memoir by the author.
my first reason is people do is surf the web.
with the directions in mind he traveled on his way to his destination.
dear, computers do have positive effects but the negative effects are much worse than the positive effects.
a negative issue with having computers with internet, certain websites that are not age able.
many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on.
i will try to give details on why it does not or if it has to be taken off the shelf.
then what do you do?
i think that kids will be better off learning about things that they need to know by the time middle school starts.
heaven and earth.
the author concludes the story in a what seems like incomplete paragraph.
to take advice from strangers and better yet he should use it.
whether they are used for school or just entertainment they are used for a good purpose and are always helpful.
you wanted to go to a close but fancy restaurant you use a computer so you know how far.
without ever leaving their state.
many history books contain harsh, real life facts about things that went on in the past.
the boy thought that his parents were really great and he thought that he could never be like them.
you can go online and get pictures, games, videos, music or even directions to a place.
and computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people.
computers these days enable you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars.
some things that can affect the cyclist are weather and scenery.
the computer helps many different people in many different ways.
computers are a very helpful tool that benefit everyone in society.
if those are removed i do not think that people would care that much.
they will be focused on the computer way to much and not have fun with there family and friends.
censoring any type of media such as books, magazines, movies, or music from a library is not right.
you think that it is okay to let your child watch a movie rated , but little did you know, there is nudity in it.
that would take to long to do so though.
also expressed the importance of family and friends.
the situation would have been different if it were anywhere else.
actually are obese, with that number still rising.
however, there is one plant that is similar, the winter hibiscus.
the government has given people freedoms.
this shows that they want their new country to be more like their old one and when it is, she will be happy.
play a game like monopoly, or play .
the word breezy shows that the cyclist can enjoy riding the bike because there is a breeze.
from hard, cold text, one cannot decipher subtle connotations or wit.
the firemen got down to work immediately.
surprisingly, another thing you can do is work online by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to do it.
remember the old black and white films?
if the things that people like are being taken away then its not giving them a wide variety of things they enjoy doing.
but the hills were sure to play with his mind.
such as the rated movies or books that are inappropriate for young children.
every book out there has something bad in it, so we would have to take away all the books other than the little kids books.
there are so many forms of chat on the internet; , , etc.
is grateful her parents had to make a huge sacrifice just for her benefit to leave behind there friends, family & careers in the country they love.
the games teach you different things about history.
which i know your parents would like.
so leave the options open to the children and let them learn from the stories they choose.
i am not one to deny anyone their rights.
with the ideas that people are writing about today we can not possible control what comes to their mind.
one reason is the you could talk online with people.
also in the story it says tumbleweeds cross my path this makes the cyclists feel lost.
a few months ago i was at the local library searching for the perfect book.
when i moved to i am always typing something.
authors are artists.
libraries should have censorship because young kids could come and open and look at it.
in school we have a lot of projects that we might need type or get a picture.
also in paragraph it says.
computers are helpful to us by doing work that has to be done neatly.
all he did was sit and play games like wars or .
meaning, its really hot!
well computers are not just a pass of time it also makes your life easier.
as people can see library there are circumstances where a book, movie, or magazine uncensored is very useful in getting information.
they enjoy simple dress and adorn their houses with necessary furniture.
some claim that certain kinds of literature and music contain offensive lyrics or writings, while others, over the same topic, believe the complete opposite.
he had to deal with a diamond back.
dear , computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives.
whether the books relate well or poorly to each person is not something for a mass of people to decide.
i hope you take my letter and into consideration.
this is important because a child could easily gain access to the offensive material.
the hibiscus symbolized her determination in life.
for example, there is .
for all she knows, the people could be living in igloos.
if the movie is not appropriate for your children then do not let them watch .
most of the time, it was just about a group of people who love each other having a good time with each other.
these were some reason why you should not use the computer.
that younger people should not be subjected to, but as and adult you should be able to read,watch,and hear whatever you want.
every person should have that right.
in my conclusion, about this article.
another thing about computers is that you can talk to your family members all the way in a different city, town, state, or even content!
and did i say it was against the law, because it is.
takes two seconds.
here are my three reasons having a computer is a good thing.
with very little water it is hard to stay hydrated.
why would you want a future president to be a violent killing machine?
if they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge.
the mood created by the author in the memoir can be described in many ways.
do you prefer wealth to health?
helps the environment.
their is no reason to give people access to material that could be offensive to other people.
some students not have matured enough and can take something in a different view than another student.
so instead of you always watching the news or reading newspaper.
stepping down to a less global level of effects and to a more personal level proves to also be beneficial to humans.
lord buddha was one of the greatest religious teachers who ever lived in the world.
after along to more hows of playing.
i know i if i were to ever have children i would want them around something they understand and know, nothing bad and harmful.
this shows that he is grateful of his culture.
but instead they came to and struggled at first, but the end result was more they could have imagined.
so, on to the last thing that i am going to talk about.
an issue at hand is whether or not libraries should or should not dispose of inappropriate books, movies, music, and magazines.
without doing anything but sit back and lip sync.
computers is a little device that can almost let you do anything on it.
this suggest to me that she was probably home sick.
the government and society does not have the right to decide what people take in.
then, when we get a little older, we are assigned to read books for classes.
the libraries really need to just stop and think for a second is this book really appropriate for this age group or even for this establishment.
it is a place to get away from it all, i think they should leave them just how they are.
once i found this out, i asked mother to please take it back.
keep it on the shelf!
its not fair to those who want to read it.
should i not care about what i am forced not to see?
lastly, ) working people use the computer for work and reports.
computer are helpful when your car is broken down or when you have no car.
authors have just as many rights as we do.
i went be an ideal teacher.
the disabled, some due to natural causes and others due to their mentors-have no option.
websites and search engines help you a lot.
these are the people that just sit on the computer all day.
family and friends and even mental health.
picture in the .
the setting had everything, to do on how the cyclist had no water and thought he was going to die from heatstroke.
whenever you need it.
in addition,you can create entire presentations on a computers with surprising ease!
the in our cars are computers; we would be lost without them.
this can help people understand computers.
as you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers.
instead, they were working.
are there benefits?
the land went from straight to hilly.
part of why something should come off of a shelf depends on who is going to be reading it or listening to it.
new technology like computers can change the world and help things faster.
bad things, and things on what you should do.
he was born in india.
second, have you ever asked your self about much time you ever spend with friends and family?
he will need water in all to move and get through his journey.
whenever there is a knock at the door, we rush to open the door.
not everyone is the same, so not all people are going to think the same way.
people build their character through their reactions of how people treat them.
in conclusion, people spend to much time on their computers.
movie we watch today talk about doing drugs and how cool they are and how they had fun driving a stolen car.
i would improve the discipline of my school.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in a negative way.
[he] had been hitting [his] water bottles pretty regularly because of this.
many features of the setting affected the cyclist.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the author uses features of the setting to show the effects of the cyclist.
computers give us a way to communicate with long distance friends and family.
then you can just type in what you want and it would automatically pop up for you.
when people are stubborn, it can be very hard for others to deal with or for them to get along well with others.
a lot of things are offensive because of religion beliefs, but not everybody has the same religion or even a religion at all.
we had our food which we had carried with us.
i am going to tell you what i think about the books, movies and magazines.
this goes for anything else like furniture, instruments or even cloths.
getting more exercise could help you out in a big way because the less exercise you get means the less healthier you are.
it is very useful for finding information fast, and has many other capabilities.
and if someone was allowed to censor things, what would be included?
then he got into a happier mood by telling how his parent and family were good to him.
the average people can learn about non average things any day.
the dessert is very hot.
for example you would not see me reading a scary book , because it would just remind me of the movie , and i would have nightmares.
in the memoir the mood created the author in the memoir.
people all around the work go so the computer to find of the latest news.
but in the case of libraries, all the books would have to be taken off the shelves.
i interact with my friends of us population between the ages have a .
he took a shortcut but it ended up taking longer and he got dehydrated.
we know there are consequences for saying certain things, but we are supposed to be allowed to say them.
this proves that the cyclist knows it was getting hot but it did not affect him.
the use of technology is being abused!
they care about their children .)
they could use the same method with books.
if someone underage wanted to check out the book, they would have to get permission from their parent.
this quote explains that the character (cyclist) was confused.
people these days are becoming more of followers than leaders like they should be.
in every way, the plant is in the same circumstances as main character and the last paragraph is used to link them.
reason being is that, that was their store and we had no right to remove anything.
they would start a landslide of trouble that would effect everyone in the and maybe even across the globe.
our world revolves around these different viewpoints and ideas, should our literature and music not reflect these opposing sides?
there is, however, one other element at play here: protection of youth and innocence.
after he crested the first few of these, a large highway sign jumped out at him.
it changes from person to person because of varying cultures, religions, and moral codes.
there are many shopping sites online, such as .
so are businessman benefited by him.
i mean, it was something very new to me; almost like an adventure.
my friends say that computers are one the best because you can get help from the internet on homework assignments.
hockey is played on grassy fields.
the tumbleweeds that cross his path add to the desperation.
no young child should be able to check out about full of shooting and fighting.
yeah there be a down fall to keeping offensive things in libraries.
it can be useful to both adults and children.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is going to be on the road a long time.
there are many holes being dog while computers one still being used and bought.
dear , i believe that computers take away from our lives in a negative way.
another feature of the setting was the heat.
i know computers are but they do have a positive effect on people.
people will always have different points of view.
the internet can also help people find jobs.
go read a book to find out.
she also spent on a plant because it remind her of back at home.
i agree with those people.
then not as many people would be offended and they would not have any problems with letting their children pick out books on their own.
the girl felt very bad about failing the test which makes the reader feel sad.
there was a lot of features in the setting that made the cyclist affected to slow him down and lose energy.
like at the first town he still has confidence in what they told him.
observing others when in offensive situations help find a solution to these problems.
her mom describes to her that the hibiscus she bought is a bit different from the one back home.
however, to even be eligible for the third card, you have to be eighteen or older.
no, the books and etc.
even though some of the things they chose might be different then what the public expects.
she vows silently that in a year she will take the test again.
obviously, there are many people missing out on the beauty of nature.
this is why i think that the censorship can be good and bad.
if you want to go to college but you have no time you can take classes online.
what do you want your child being exposed to?
instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they got to the computer and talk and eat junk food.
so the fail is slowing her down.
so computers are a addiction waiting to happen.
we went to the hotel and went inside our rooms rested for a while and went shopping.
i believe the author ended the story this way for many reasons.
the features of the setting affect the cyclists attitude towards the old men.
in the book ' ', books are outlawed.
a library should be a place of balance.
there are just way to many good books that would have to be gone forever
the newspaper should also have a very strict code of ethics to which it should conscientiously adhere to.
the author creates a grateful mood.
at one point in the story, the author writes that he was trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
what really makes something offensive?
lastly, materials at a library should not be censored because each and every item there could help with some kind of research.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
the computers are children from a better education.
in the end of the story winter hibiscus the author ends it with a paragraph of encouragement.
not only can obesity constrict vital organs but it can lead to blood disorders.
one reason why people benefit from computers is how they help with education.
also helps with work.
they start to engage in activities that were once frowned upon.
this is just one reason why i think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own section of the .
i person should have their opinion and the choice to be able to read what they like.
they can say for very hour your on the computer you have to do an hour of exercise.
by ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences.
so i think some magazines should be removed off the shelves.
so putting materials off of shelves is not the answer
for an example who is harry .
they need to know that there are still racists out there even though society tries to cover it up.
and gets there in less then a minute.
computers are also great for looking up facts for school when the library is not available.
this is a very tricky subject because no one will ever be happy.
says about the internet site .
the meaning of the story is much clear with it as a reader.
but who is going to tell them that, and what is the answer.
now think to yourself would you risk taking away someones favorite book.
you could get in trouble, and it could effect your education.
like if it is really hot, or cold, is it a good experience for kids, anything you want, the computer has it.
there are jobs that you can do from home on a computer.
however, i support these advances in technology and i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
dear local newspaper, has come to my attention that you have asked people to tell their opinions on the effects computers have on people.
sometimes those books can get into the wrong hands and end up in the trash or burned.
it also holds information on past and current events.
now many books are starting to be found offensive to our society today.
its a new time and age and things are different.
whatever the reasoning should be censorship is wrong.
it can cause many problems with others.
people talk online so they can talk to there friend .
to end this story my reason was yo can find stuff online, my second reason was you can have fun.
they all talk on or .
the mood created by the author is one of loving mood.
one example of this is when the character got to a place where there was nothing.
i like my school very much.
she was carrying a big bouquet of flowers in her hands.
some people think that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time outside.
is that true though?
a bike tire take more effort to go over uneven pavement is why the cyclist had so much trouble.
censorship, given by the parents or guardians, is the best way to view censorship.
sometimes, even children have to go through it as well.
not only does typing quicker effect your computer techniques but also helps you outside of your home like in sports.
so we say, a stitch in time saves us from having none stitches later on.
are we going to take those books out to.
i do not think it would be fair for just one person to be able to have the right to do that.
the author could write a sequel to this one.
first, she wants to adapt to the new this new land.
these books are all written in a style of their own and can bring a different lesson to every reader.
my mother goes there on some occasions, like, to get information from a book or a computer.
so she had a great idea.
first of all, computer bring about online communication.
to concern: i have been informed that you had the idea that more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
it is no different when it comes to books, movies, and music.
in a harder way.
most of all wont you miss your friends?
and that just brought him happiness.
we live in a world inundated and persuaded by media.
people from children whose parents would be appalled by what their kids are reading about to adults find books offensive.
if we take that away from people, then how will we all connect?
finally, its addicting some people could good hours and hours on the computer looking up all these videos.
the shopkeepers are honest and sell quality products at reasonable prices.
the mood that was created by the author was respect.
but if you think a little or maybe had experience with your writing tool, then you will learn and.
if a book has to be removed from a library then why did they buy it?
to find information everybody uses either google or ask and many more.
people could see where something is, locate it, or learn about the place.
in my opinion there are some books that i could think of that are offensive to others for particular reasons.
the library a wonderful place with many genres of literature such as children books, nonfiction books, fiction books, adult books, movies, etc.
today it seems as if anything you could imagine is out in the world somewhere, somehow.
i was babysitting her one night, while her parents were at the movies.
computers give us a means of communication such as , , , and so much more.
first of all, children often follow after what they see.
they involve cursing, killing, gun battles, and sexual content.
parents should take responsibility over there kids and watch what they'r doing.
things will be much simpler in the long run.
to always look at the map.
this does not mean that we need to get rid of comedies just because that there are some people who dislike them.
like hanging out with friends, reading a book, and even doing their homework.
for example, is an author who has been challenged throughout her entire career.
the sentence wraps up her emotion and shows how strong she is could easily give up on their driving test, but she wont.
then he got some water at a bathroom and it was all better.
the second sign led him to water which was the one thing that would make things better so it had a positive affect.
most people do not think that kids should see certain things if they are found offensive.
although it has many recreational purposes as well, it also can be very helpful in your life.
the road becomes bumpy and there is a large snake blocking the way.
my second opinion on why using computers are a positive effect on people because.
with them we can talk to others from far away, and fast.
you chose it .
some were discussing politics.
that is my only ambition.
if you think could get into the hands of a child, or someone that would effect, do not rent the item.
these pads help him in walking or running on the sand.
you would use a computer to get in touch with friends.
so you should try to make people be on the computer less often.
this is because when people are able to have the determination to lose weight and head healthier , they feel they can can over the world.
it is true and if one is physically fit, it leads to his mental health.
this material plants a bad seed in the mind of our youth.
this, however, is something to take as a concern.
start doing things that people cant do on the computer.
dear you know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines.
whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve issues of the future.
there is happiness because he was just born.
some history be gruesome and completely crazy, but we should be aware of those things and not forgot about them.
after about three minutes, i was terrified.
or read it.
does censorship really help in our society?
this quote shows that the hibiscus plant is strong.
take my cousin is a teacher and always has to do his students grades during the weekend.
from what a word means, to the directions to get to , the computer can help with all of this.
also, you can talk with your friends if your phones not working.
the reason i said books help people is because it furthers one knowledge to understand things better.
the next point i am about to say shock, surprise, or scare you.
if you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world.
the mood created by the author is a happy and grateful one.
though peoples' opinions differ, each opinion is equally important to that certain person.
so, if you do not check it out the librarian will not be able to track down any of the material that is in the library.
so i believe that each person should be able to read any book they would like without any restrictions.
the main mood in this memoir however is gratitude.
in addition, people are becoming unable to envoy and appreciate nature while they still can.
you could pick up an educational video that talks about animals that most everyone could watch.
they need a trusted adult to rely on to tell them how to feel, to act, to do, even to think.
out computer users have used calculator to help them solve a problem.
for instance, the cyclist says, and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
my imaginary friend is a user in my imagination.
she has built the nest with twigs and leaves.
it has a very grand and imposing building.
if you took a book off of a shelf, that could be the book someone really needs.
however, with computers you could just type it in on a search engine and find what your looking for.
the lyrics in music can come off extremely offensive to some people.
i think that after a certain age, people should be aloud to read whatever they want.
computers are also a huge help on a project school or work some peoples jobs, they are required to use computers.
he also writes about how he grew up, which is parents teaching him about music, cooking, and family.
even though literary might be offensive, some people like reading books like this.
when people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends its a personal choice.
there are many sources for information, offensive or not, and a library is just one of them.
this caused the cyclist to become overheated ad sweaty.
it was his confusion as to where the next time was that kept him biking, with difficulty and made for an interesting story.
without the books and the videos the future will never know what happened.
computers also have their flaws.
example if you are bored you can get on computer, & search a game you enjoy.
some people would be offended at a book with a cross on it.
the cyclist was becoming dehydrated, and began to lose hope.
schools influence computer use to help us learn.
when their playing tag and hide an go seek , so movies, books , music, and magazines play a big part on the way they behave.
authors and directors spend months, even years making movies and writing books just to entertain us and feel accomplished.
if the snake would have bitten him he could have died from poison.
that is why you should have computers all the time.
so plants and trees help to generate fresh air.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people.
they are the ones who are raising the kids, not the library.
his children also live a simple life.
he is still thinking of getting to the next town to get something to drink.
movies should be restricted from children to watch them.
think about it, how often can you listen to a song on the radio that all of the original words are still intact?
when you get exercise you can lose weight.
if you will please continue on i would like to share with you my thoughts.
do you think it matters how appropriate they are?
it is our moral duty to help to the weak, the hungry and the suffering people.
stated that, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
your going to learn a lot more on computers than having to travel places and or school.
are maybe really good books.
they also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn has a cough and a small sneeze you know the tough stuff.
there was always a strong sense of family and the house too.
computers allow you to interact with them with webcams.
as most of us knows, fresh air is good for us.
first of all there are many places in the world that not everyone can go to.
the author sets a real nostalgic feel about happy memories in the memoir.
the answer is as simple as that.
firstly it allows them to type.
as an example some people are against blacks and others are not.
lastly is very easy for people, even to search inappropriate things.
that is another downside to computers.
most are probably so much time on the computer that there not getting enough physical activities.
the cyclist experienced how the setting of a bike ride can affect him a great deal.
the advantage in technology has provided many new ways for family and i to communicate with each other.
this creates a loving and family mood.
along with the rating, there is an explanation as to why that movie is rated the way that it is.
so then he sticks a few pebbles into his mouth.
computers teach a lot of hand eye coordination.
they also have a bunch of gossip stories you might not want your children to read.
all kids like to came home and sit on the computer all day.
as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams.
then my grandmother came out.
if this freedom were to be taken away, it would definitely not go unnoticed.
also, i think music should be removed from the shelf is because it was meant to heard.
certain people would find some things more offensive than other people.
first comes the windy roads.
computers not only help people discover places and learn more about other parts of the world, but also computer allow people to communicate with others around the world.
another type of graphic novel which is often censored is the violent type.
it reminded her of how things were different.
the mood created by the author is fairly formal, with a few informal parts.
in the , many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to be passed on.
go outside and play with them, sit down and play games.
in kids are playing with a friend they know while playing .
now my friend is becoming the same person.
because of computers people are not exercising as much as they should, which is of crucial importance.
he feels that this is one of the reasons his childhood house was turned into a home.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer at home?
you can even a computer so you can video chat, and not have to wait to get your reply.
if there was twenty different books on the shelves many people would be able to look at them and check them out as they please.
to it concern, in life has to deal with something offensive towards them at least once.
one of the main reasons why i think it should be left alone as is so that the children can read it.
without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences.
for example, if you are a student you need to do a project.
so why get it removed from the shelve?
can you imagine a world without computers?
that leads us to the next big topic, health.
i read that book when i was .
dear newspaper you think that children spend to much time on the computer.
so, instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library.
these are grown ups, using the tools available to improve their lives.
a can help anyone from talking to someone to helping a student with science.
like on paragraph .
the association of reported that in of used a website and of them were in good positions.
also, computers can make things easier like typing.
even though i explained a lot of reasons why computers are a great thing to have, there are still a ton more.
that brings satisfaction to my life.
i do not think kids should do this because it might affect their health and how other think of them.
if they get off they can and if they won to sit there and waste or
there immune system making the risk of getting sick greater.
it tasted like battery acid.
there are many games and other types of games out on the internet.
they allow people to communicate with friends and family.
store things on them, and use them for entertainment.
like the movie industry is starting to come out with more and more movies about drugs, sex, money, and violence.
one ramshackle shed.
(ho) this quote shows that even though she failed, she is determined to pass the test and succeed.
people that read things and get offended by it, should have a say in whether it is on the shelf or not.
do you think that censorship is a good thing or a bad thing?
some of my friends spend hours on the computer a day that they could be playing.
now because of computers he is a who does nothing else but play on the computer.
the students in schools today are the future leaders of the world.
should we not be able to borrow or rent this movies?
now that you know my personal views about the censorship in libraries understand that not everyone is the same.
computers also help you to work for school.
i know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and foot ball.
he takes the letters and other circulars from the principal to the teachers.
think about the ones that do.
many people think they should.
people can decide then if the would like to read or watch further into it.
libraries should not censorship any material.
any movie you watch could be offensive to one person or two but, not everyone.
eventually everybody will come in contact with almost everything that is mentioned in books at some point in there life.
so, live it.
so that would make then miss out on going to the library for books.
there are many books that some people do not want their children to read, but the books actually help children learn.
keeping this in mind the has to have books that appeal to everyone.
that is not healthy for anyone.
this is the mood the author created in his memoir.
in the story rough road ahead; do not exceed posted speed limit the setting of the story majorly affected the cyclist.
she told me that all she has to do is cry and she gets what she wants.
he is a selfless person.
to find that what our parents were once reading is restricted should not be an issue.
some young teens like to read books like this so they can learn and see what people went threw.
computers hold a lot of information, many people learn things they have never heard of on the internet.
we witness things of that nature every day even when we are not trying to.
now tell me, who would want to be the unreasonable person and take that away from anyone who is interested?
however, absolute love is the strongest emotion that the reader feels from the memoir.
also, statistics show that of own computers.
that is why i think the setting affected the cyclist.
the hibiscus is keeping her from giving up.
i interpreted it to mean that when the spring comes back, she will have a new beginning.
so we need to do our part and take offensive and vulgar materials out of the reach of our children and teenagers.
being on line sitting down doing nothing just talking makes you lazy.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
we trash a movie after only reading the title, never even giving it a chance.
the book should not be taken away from other people just because someone be offended by it.
this can not only take up their time outside, but it can ruin their life.
this shows that the cyclist is at a high altitude, which makes breathing more difficult.
its not fair to be in a public place and get hurt by the offensiveness of some one.
by doing this he expects a better harvest.
hello , i am writing to talk about censorship in libraries.
with the heat, lack of water, ghost towns, and tough terrains, made his journey a very hard achievement to overcome.
books and movies can be a very important resource for anyone of any age.
of course, it is not my viewpoint that governments should simply let terrorists and radicals spread their ideals as they please.
when you have a choice and you have to make it and hope you make the right one
these different optical affected his mood and how determined he was.
a computer is one important in ma life if behind in some classes i could do some research and study at home and learn about it.
not only that but the life of kids have been threatened and taken by it.
lack of exercise is brought up countless times in society.
music, magazines, books, and movies.
these are reasons as to why the author has created memoir with a mood of happiness and gratefulness
they are the future of our country and our world.
the languages in movies and music are not what we think they are.
every person poses their own opinions on life.
statistically, the is the most overweight country.
for some reason, computers had a lot of effects on people.
but recently, the availability of the book has been questioned.
how could they talk in front of the teacher!
all you need to do is print out the pictures!
reading should not be restricted by any means.
computers benefit society, people can socialize online with anyone.
he was also tired and desperate to find water and town that was not deserted.
the ratings are from ' to .'
if they find material they do not want their children to read, then they should censor in the home.
creates this mood by using various words and phrases.
the setting played a major role on the cyclist because it affected him that much.
:???
your screen fills with choices of information sites.
the states that freedom of speech, religion and the press shall not be denied or abridged.
after all, the children are the future of our world
so as you can see i have made an opinion on what they should do either keep the books, magazines, or movies off the shelf.
that means the temperature is going to rise since the sun is getting stronger.
most people do not go to libraries because of that.
i know you have fun with sports or nature, but sometimes it is great to get great entertainment for yourself instantly.
in conclusion the features of the setting has a huge affect on the cyclist.
this brings me to say that books, music, magazines, newspapers, etc.
the author creates many woods in this memoir.
if you think about it when you go into a library there is a ton of books to choose from.
also when a teacher a sighs a project on someone your going to need a computer to search up information for that person.
some examples of these are , and , respectively.
is just of several quotes from a book that i am reading that some people could take offense to.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a negative impact on society.
we must change the way we live and get rid of this unhealthy appliance we call a computer.
with all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world.
what do you think?
in people over the age of nine, have an email.
things such as computers are a main cause of lacking exercise, interaction with family and friends, and is also a possible danger to ones mental health.
i say enjoyable because the author talks about how they (main character) had the first birthday and first friend.
a cyclist needs to know their surroundings and be prepared for what nature throws at them.
the last paragraph adds that symbolism with closure because she says shell wait until spring to take the test again.
it is very hard to become addicted to the .
is famous for it’s ability in talking.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
most people now think this is very racist.
we cannot deprive children of that.
some people might find them to be a waist of space and just remove it, if they did not like the book, movie, music or magazine.
values and morals should be gained by reading, discovering and thinking, not forced upon us by our government or our parents.
some people were talking.
that is all you have to do and then it will never bother you again.
the can take videos and pictures as well as play music, videos and games.
it is not right for the kids to see any offensive or uncensored material.
lastly something you can do is buy music on the computers.
as for music, it can go both ways.
because the reason people read books is to learn.
they different thing to do like look up books,music,or movies you can check out the libraries.
we make the start of great things with these.
from birth, parents are constantly teaching their children what is right and what is wrong.
first, he got information from the old people.
so people do have a choice on what should be banned or not but they also have a choice on if they want to read it or not too.
a yes or a no?
kids lately have been making lives on the internet.
yes, i agree with the concern that expert have.
computers are a good way to help with your skills.
all songs are different so you can use them however you want.
at least when you research using a book or encyclopedia, you can trust those sources.
is a reliable website to get directions.
a computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime.
budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important.
if you have a question about the , use .
another example, i was hitting my water bottles pretty regularly.
if you live in a big city, you have bigger better libraries.
the amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years.
almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer.
this is a big issue especially if you have a webcam.
as soon as the cyclist gained information about which way to go, he set off through tall, cool pines.
from my point of view yes, because libraries are public which means they are open to any and everyone.
school moti bagh.
in of people who use computer commit suicide.
one of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on.
it too aims at keeping people away from mistakes, and their consequent results.
the first one is that there a lot of violence and debauchery in tv films, even in cartoons.
the cyclist shows that it is really hard for him to move without water.
if you read them it could make you feel worse or make you mad.
why do they do this?
opinion is that censorship should be left up to the parents of the children that are reading, listening to, or watching materials.
also when he came across the tumbleweeds and the large snake he tried to avoid them.
honestly the story is better with it too.
computers are a great thing for everyone.
have you ever heard of ?
this is not good because when you go outside, it helps skin health from the sunlight & lets in fresh air for your lungs.
the driver of a car lost his balance at a turn.
addiction is a serious matter.
what have we do to people?
i would always be honest towards my duties and hard working.
exercise is a key part of staying healthy.
i do not like appearing in examinations as they suck my blood.
reading is banned in their society, except for comic books and sex magazines.
lastly, computers allow people to communicate through internet.
listen to it, nothing.
a guest is a person to be honored and respected.
his parents passed down their culture to him and he is happy that they did.
talking about girls in disrespectful ways in music can offend girls and listeners.
he thinks the heat will kill him.
dear local newspaper, you think computer have good or bad effects on people?
, computers are making a great impact!
computers not only let students write reports; they also allows them to save them for future uses.
it is a place to learn about how a writer, a movie director, a music artist, or magazine editor feels about the world.
we could try to contain them to where only people that would like to see them do.
i believe that computers have a great effect effect on people.
when the cyclist encounters a rough terrain with tumble weeds and snakes, he is both mentally and physically exhausted.
although technology is used in everyday life from communication to searching for information it can slowly us the human race down.
towns have become deserted, buildings rundown but the roads are kept in shape.
i am personally the kind of person that reads books that are suspenseful, books that keep me on the edge of my seat.
so please think of what will happen to children if computers are banned.
the third reason offensive material should not be removed from shelves is that everyone has a right to read or listen to whatever they want.
the students go to the libraries to get some books on it.
a lots of uneducated children that stay home or do drugs in the street.
another way this mood of happiness is portrayed is through his writing about people coming together.
and third he was traveling through the deserts.
this is because when spring comes a end the lady is going to practice driving so when she takes the test she want fail.
download a free language learning app.
the features of the setting in do not posted speed limit affected the cyclist.
there will always be that one person who declines to agree.
no one likes boring people, and how can you be boring with such a wide imagination?
the use of computers has been taken to an extreme level, and is having a negative effect on the community.
some people might enjoy material that is offensive.
well the internet is a great way to do this.
in the story winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with, when they come back take that test again.
well i hope you enjoy my essay about the computer world.
and video games.
i think that computers have great affects on people.
bright colours work on our moods and bring good vibrations.
everyone has a right to discover the thoughts of others as long as they keep in mind they not always be pleased with the outcome.
whispers and comments fill the room while people make their way throughout the library.
i agree that some things should not be displayed on shelves at libraries.
but it is quite different from the mother planet.
although people might find the down sides to computers, they will always be able to think of a good side.
a is thought of as a learning zone.
some people go to a library to use the computer for a project, or to check out books, musical materials, movies, etc.
if the ruler has the power of censorship, he or she can control what the public thinks, feels, and believes.
it really looked like a diamond back that is a poisonous snake and the cyclist has barely able to ease post it because, of his lack of water.
its become a threat to its user.
so parents should keep track of what their kids check out at the library.
she relates the flower and geese to herself.
no one makes those people read those books, its by their choice.
please read on to hear my story.
dear , are many books, music, and magazines that are saturated with offensive words or obscene themes.
also they end up getting in trouble in school or at home.
put these offensive books in libraries then?
he becomes senseless.
a computer has information about anyone you chance.
why would a book be published, or written for that matter, if we were not intended to read it?
when i got home i went on the internet and researched it.
it involves sacrifice of time and thoughts.
you work out your arms & your legs!
you decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can go out and play.
if items are removed based on someones opinion then there will be a very limited selection left.
those reasons are ) people have friends and family in other states ) some people use them to stay organized and ) computers help you learn more.
if a natural disaster was to happen somewhere in people would need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated.
would you rater have your children safe with you or with some stranger?
next time, he better make sure to keep extra water and stick to the map for directions.
he is very respectful to his parents, thanks them for making a great life for him.
another problem with the physical environment was the road conditions.
government has to keep an eye on the unemployed and to keep their numbers down.
in conclusion however, bad censorship causes people to become uneducated, at the end resulting in pure ignorance.
i think it does and hope that you agree with me.
from this quote, i can gather that his parents were grateful.
when i was a child i picked up on everything.
that means people have less time to exercise, enjoy nature and socialize.
new newspaper said that they are worried that it too many people got a good computer that no body would be outside enjoying what left of nature.
when you become a parent, you take on responsibility for the life of another person.
there was a pond on both sides of the road.
those are my reasons why the effects computers have on people are not good.
bad people are always lurking on the internet, and we need to prevent them from getting in contact with the kids.
more people across the country have gained weight due to unhealthy food and no physical exercise.
they are leaving behind and would do anything to give them better lives.
so in conclusion the should have know right to censorship books, movies, magazines, music, or any other item they have.
there is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and as far as advances in technology this is only the beginning.
i do not want my children to read some of the things that i read when i was young.
reason one you loose interaction with people.
these sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids.
one of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you.
fortunately, a tragedy was averted.
my there reasons are to look up information, home work, and to talk to friends and family online.
online, where anyone can go on, there are millions of people that are not connected or related.
so, every couple days, he video chatted with me instead so i could talk to him.
the best thing to do is to keep it on the shelves.
the magazines always have girls half clothed, even in seventeen magazine.
just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone.
people like different movies and some movies can be offensive.
( ) the author explains to us how peaceful and happy his home was.
there five million other people out their who love said book so why ruin for everyone just to make a few people happy.
all the members of his family are good.
the sign that said rough ahead; do not exceed posted speed limit.
should the books at the libraries be censored or should we just leave them for the reader to decide if they want to read it or not?
and the library is a good way to search and find information about anything
imagine if we had to go back to using typewriters.
as my mother had said i remembered everything.
lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important.
right now, more than of the people have at least one or more computers at home.
there is not much that can be helped with that.
secondly, computers are a big part of many peoples lives because many jobs involve computers; as well as school.
computers have their advantages but they also have disadvantages.
stories like that often break rest on the internet.
is keeping these things from our children lying to them?
its so simple!
they should only spend a certain amount of time on them and not all day.
in paragraph it explains how he is happy about his life.
media can range from newspapers, to magazines, to the radio, and through the television.
the two friends go to the sea and get on to a ship.
each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture.
this is why computers are affecting every day people.
the story is full of emotion and homesickness that it can be a bit depressing, so the author wanted to end with message of hope.
so many people want to include their opinions on what is right and what is wrong.
also, expert say that children in the throughout the world learn more from the computer then from a textbook, or hearing information from a teacher.
a second way the setting affects the rider is the fact that nothing is around him.
the last paragraph of the story.
people take pity on them and give them something.
when i read this memoir i felt happy reading it.
this was my first experience of traveling by air.
have to look up something on the computer, some jobs you have to apply by computer, lastly allows you to talk online with other people.
some movies have scenes that are horrible and that should be in the adult section.
then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move.
the setting in the essay rough road ahead; do not exceed the speed limit affected the narrator in many ways.
anything from to to country and back can be.
the town intensifies the cyclist feeling of doubt, in that it is increasing.
website such as google and yahoo can track down millions of results in a matter of seconds if you search the name of a city or country.
some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people in the world with different views, opinions, and morals.
most students use them every day.
some people would find the example offensive or out of line.
i see many worse things on the than i read in books.
i think we need to reform this problem soon.
i know everybody likes to talk and text on your cell phone.
i think computers have a huge effect on people.
to the grandmother, is offensive.
yes, the computer has all different kinds of bad stuff and good stuff.
i also find it interesting when people are very dramatic when trying to get there point across.
dear local newspaper, i have heard about this issue concerning people are on their computer to much.
what they not like could very be what others do like.
imagine all of those values going down the drain by them reading one bad magazine or listening to one explicit song.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
yes you can talk to other people online get friends.
the computer is a great tool for communicating with other people.
if you to type, then you a good job.
you should know what your picking up.
another example is racial jokes, some people think they are funny when others find them very offensive.
computers has a very positive benefit on people world wide.
com, or we can grab our shoes and see it for ourselves.
this is where i believe organization and limitations come in.
computers not only give us knowledge but they give over half us catch the members of society that do wrong.
we do not really have a lot of movies in our school library, but i do know that there are some in the town library.
i think books that have nudity, curse words, or gang related violence should be put in either a adult shelf or taken off for good.
i would also never ever watch a bloody, gory, and really graphic movie in front of her either.
when my friend went to for the i used instant messaging to talk to her.
statistics show that the average obese child spends their free time on a computer.
i really astonishing how much education we have gained from using the computer.
people also spend way too much time using computers.
we have gotten this far to go to the top.
is life filtered and censored?
rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
finally, you can order stuff online instead of wasting gas and going to the store and the things you might order you can play with outside.
losing one can be very sad.
for example: in paragraph it states, a large highway sign jumped out of me.
if the library was privately owned then the owner could decide to put whatever books they wanted into it and censor whatever books they wanted to.
a person who is involved in sports is mentally and physically well developed.
for example my brother plays on the computer everyday, so barely goes outside.
in this story, they mention her helping her mother in the garden.
i conclude that these features in the setting affected the cyclist in many ways but he keep pushing himself to more on.
i remember when my friend would go home change eat and log right inside the computer.
the setting affects the cyclist because the hotter it is the more water you need to keep you hydrated, but the man is alone in the desert.
for example, wanted to wish this but when he looked online he saw how just had an earthquake so he changed his plans this .
second, you can make online job applications.
as my teacher read us this book everyday, we all sat and listened taciturnly.
this is about billion hours of computer usage around the world.
the hibiscus that flower means a lot to her because she can connect it to her homeland and, and it is a thing of beauty.
to see the movie.
assistance can help prevent any sort of confusion with books, movies, etc.
not only are there things in the books, etc.
what happens when you get there and the book has been censored?
its not all .
certain books, movies, magazines, etc.
since all people are different, no one will like the same movies as the next person.
you can meet people be search them up if you are trying to find a old friend.
lastly, people tend rely on computers too much.
so keeping them in shelves could help our future.
by reading books we can develop an positive mind.
yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person.
if you send by mail, take at least days.
her mother replies with a you what?
even though they can be use for many things like research!
the mood of this story is very happy because the author is describing his childhood memories and all the great times he had in his home.
a second reason why i do not believe in censorship is that some books on different religions get removed.
last example, is you can always learn something everyday from your computer, like news, weather etc.
no matter what, there are always those people who have to be against whatever it is, whether it be a book or a song or a movie.
that is where it
dear local newspaper, people are talking about computers and what it does to us.
deciding to face the consequences of my theft.
why can we.
therefore, i believe if people would embrace technology such as computers they would find many things that they never thought of.
they live in a beautiful house that has bedrooms.
almost everyone in the uses a computers at one point in their life.
they agreed that if she were just a little older then she could of borrowed .
the main affect is the lack of water.
my brother and his bride sat with us to eat.
it helps communication so much that you have choices on how you want to talk to someone.
posting pictures on the and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse.
libraries are found all over the .
map tools says there has never been a flaw in their system.
do you want to have a smarter world?
the word has greatly changed.
one thing he talked about was how his landlords daughter was his first babysitter and first friend.
also shows the man was very thirsty.
dear newspaper, the years, the streets have become less crowded with people interacting exercising, and enjoying nature.
another way the mood of family is portrayed is the size of the house.
they can find information about how much time should be spent on the computer to not have sight decrease or worse.
containing inappropriate language and terms.
also, computers help students with school.
it would sometimes get scary when she talked to me about it and clearly had played it all night.
they could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry.
not everyone is going to think alike.
how much easier could it get?
so these i the easiest and fastest way to project.
could get the wrong idea about sex or not know exactly what it is because their parents never actually sat down and explained to them what sex is.
also with a computer you can do homework assignments for something that requires you to do research.
a nice sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books.
i disagree with the ones who feel the item should be removed because to someone that book might be perfect.
with we can talk to people around the world or in space that matter.
another reason will have to be that if a kid or someone under age rents a movie or there parents rent the movie.
with all honesty, books and novels were made for a reason.
because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising!
one of the features was the lack of water.
which this means slow down or you will have an accident.
this story about believed in yourself, and never giving up it was a story about perseverance.
i would only go on for a little bit to talk to your friends.
the first reason why i think using a computer is good for people is because you have to look up something on the computer one day.
my last reason is you can make friends.
movies are enjoyable and you can also relate to some movies in your own way.
for example like in the book ' of the ' is an allegory.
another survey done by the magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one.
lots of people come to the library to check out books, music , movies , and other things for entertainment.
sometimes they even ask if they can meet up face to face.
when i clicked on it i was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures.
i believe this because.
sections in libraries do help establish a sense of organization, although personal assistance would be helpful as well.
the setting clearly has a huge effect on the cyclist.
she feels as if this plant is a friend to her and it makes her feel more comfortable.
two hours later then they go the gym!
people depend on them a lot but same people disagree.
while some houses are built with bricks.
he has a limited water supply, and he keeps coming cross ghost towns, where the only water is boiling brackish water that is unfit for human consumption.
also someone else is thinking different then they are.
remember though to not stay on too long.
it also can be useful for entertainment.
soon you will become fat.
out of students at middle confess to being the target of malicious bullying online.
they are the ones who should tell teach them right from wrong.
the narrator tried the test once and failed.
in conclusion, that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
besides, who is to say what is right for everyone?
instead of sitting down on the computer all day.
this happens because people are really starting to spend lots of time on computers.
i strongly agree that we should have only two hours of the computer each night or have no computers at all.
this material can create a very ambitious young child.
was very grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
another in the story is sad.
help our world by teaching about faraway places and their cultures, uniting our world with new techniques of talking and helping workers to have a better job.
this brings me to my next topic.
their entire neighborhood, one big family, survived and thrived on little.
although they were sad i also felt that they were happy.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in more ways than one.
for example you can shop online and google things.
they mostly were memories of good past times and how he grew up in a loving and caring family.
when you type up words it teaches you to see better with your eyes.
the biker met the challenges and progressed through them with bravery.
he is running out of water but has the determination to get to last the terrain affects him.
he was affected by lack of water, the hills, snake in the way and the condition of the road.
a cyclist was riding through a town and asked for directions.
i have a pet animal.
and some deaths are around by a heart attack.
for example, some adult books etc.
everyone that has used it said it really improved there reaction time.
in conclusion, being online too often is abusing our social, health, and taking up too much of our lives.
everyone cared for one other and they helped whoever was a need.
one day i was babysitting a little girl and i had taken her to the library.
in school students are observed to see how well or if there coordination is being developed.
such was the time of peace there.
mood that the memoir sets is the mood of family and friends.
even if they are offensive they can teach young teenagers about their past.
history books about slavery and war were burned because others found the topics offending.
she is saying there is, everybody has a certain opinion, they take offense to different things.
if children are separated and exclusive to adult material, i see no problem in having these items on the shelves.
flying high, i can enjoy the fresh breeze and watch the beautiful sunset from the top.
say you are in the library and you see a book that you think offends you.
the train was late by one hour.
he gets joy in floating paper boats.
, are many people in this world that think always being on the computer is good because they can talk with people online and learn more about the world.
i think that many children that watch movies especially that should not be exposed to them.
the only people who make hay there, are the hawkers.
offensive books !!!
one reason that i support computers is because they make learning easier.
if an explicit music album is just sitting on the shelf of a library, then any person could listen to it or take it out for awhile.
this is the mood that the author created in the memoir
her lyrics seemed like they meant nothing, until you thought about it a little more deeply.
if we were in a world without computers then our society would be completely lost.
but using the computer with homework and school work will make it where you can make sure your work is correct.
i hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party i just type them up, taking less than five minutes.
also can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities.
the sign is all bright and flashy, so you stop to read it.
now as you can you see computers really can change your life.
he was lucky to find a fish camp in the middle of nowhere and to have found water.
the author concludes the story that way because one theme is to overcome obstacles.
overall, computers are one of the most useful and common of the learning devices.
to start off, it makes you spend less time with your family.
some people think that certain book, movies, magazines, or music should be removed from libraries because they be found offensive.
you are probably using a computer to type the documents.
the girl misses her homeland.
the world is maturing, even as everyone speaks, and people are learning all the time.
everything i have ever witnessed at the library is for learning and research.
trees also are home to many living organisms.
also the setting seems to be very hot.
get with the program computers are in.
hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers.
i would have to say no.
people think that computers know everything, but the truth is that their are vary little things you can experience on a computer.
the cyclist was lost in the dessert.
what could have taken months by letters in the mail took as little as one hour to do over the .
these, again, are only some of the hundreds, if not thousands of ways which computers are helpful.
in all libraries you are offered a choice on which book you would like to choose.
the cyclist starts to run out of water and he makes sure the vivid he comes across is not a mirage.
personally, i know at least poor young children in my very school that are a victim of the cruel disease, known as obesity.
dear , people at my school sit on there computers after school.
yet most of all to his parents in his last sentence.
i was doing a water depleting .
i think computers are an important part of a persons daily life.
students of all classes visit the library as per schedule.
instead of searching for a word in a big dictionary they can use an online dictionary and just have to type in the word.
of course every parent wants to protect their child, but eventually they are going to grow up and have to make their own choices.
after a little over a year of him being good friends be moves to , i thought i would never hear from him again.
i think that computers help people in there everyday lives.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
i have not seen anything that would be offensive to me yet but, if i did then i would not say anything.
a child can absorb many things and recall them at times where adults sometimes cannot remember.
dividing those specific materials into their own section, and regulating who check them out is really the best way to go.
computers have made our generation very intelligent.
the internet also allows you to catch up on recent news such as weather.
they can help contact friends and family from all over the world.
they should stop the computer games.
and adults, wanting to avoid an awkward conversation, make up stories or do not tell them the whole truth.
with a good colour sense one can bring joy into one’s environment.
he is grateful for that.
some say computers are not good because people are not enjoying nature.
i have to you like and that why we send every one of them to school of every year.
but its your choice to take that to heart or just laugh about it.
a certain amount of time can be plugged in.
he thinks that family and friends are important too.
art has had naked people in it for thousands of years.
it is a right to be able to obtain the information theses materials offer.
now, more than ever people are becoming very obese.
these are the sort of things that need to be taken off the shelves of our libraries.
people would not want them gone if they thought of it the way i do.
could you imagine a life without them?
inside the library, there are rows of tables and chairs.
no, your just sitting there; using the computer involves very little movement.
we starve ourselves to try to be skinny.
an ideal student should help the parents in household matters he should go to bed at a fixed time.
this is just a way to protect the minds of young ones, which are like little sponges soaking everything they see or hear up.
they can also go swimming play, sports, and go to a play ground.
an elaboration of my point is that he explains what courage they had.
in this context hopefully i will be able to enlighten you on the subject, also with the questions of ' us?
they are wrong because the internet will hold that information for as long as it needs to.
the most critical reason is that computers let people learn about faraway places and people.
this is very bad because it will affect your health and the rest of your life.
the conditions that the bicyclist faced that affected his trip were various amount of things that could really screw your ride up.
its almost as though its taken this plant to show her to get back up and pass the test.
there are sites such as can or .
when you live as a computer vegetable, your not getting enough exercise as you could or would be.
i once talked with someone on for over an hour!
what would you do if your parents hid a book or something else from you?
this feeling can never occur through the internet.
computers are very helpful, especially today with everything going on in our world.
makes it clear that the passage is written with gratitude.
most of it has to be for some reason or another.
my answer is yes.
censorship should be allowed to an extent.
in this case i strongly disagree with the critics and for my side of good uses.
when he is recollecting memories from his childhood he shows how there was a lot of happiness in their home.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
the views i used to have would be gone.
in conclusion i hope i have created a clear message that you will take into consideration highly.
throughout history their have always been those who have refuted the beliefs and ideals of others.
what can be done about this problem?
computers are an outrage.
they help people learn new stuff about things and.
there are many people who go to my school and their grades have declined because of online usage.
i would not have found my love for reading if libraries were censored like they are.
computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation.
many times i have read a book that has completely contradicted my religion.
the hibiscus also relates to the theme because it is able to adjust to changes.
as you can see these are the reasons i think it has good effect.
electricity also helps us to play video games, listen to music and play with electronic toys.
though we can only hope that by giving people such knowledge they can rise up and do what is right.
so when some people are certain that a specific word or topic should be restricted, there will always be another person to say the exact opposite.
movies are something that people love to watch come on we pay to get onto see them sometimes.
he admired for his parents strength and perseverance.
also, it helps you meet new friends and to keep in touch with them in the long run.
thus, we would be creating that unwanted barrier.
this is a symbol to overcome obstacles as a flower is strong enough to make it through the cold months, in which the weather is rough.
so people like you and me can enjoy good stories in books and read informing magazines ad listen to good music
now one day if you need one of these things remember this and check out the hottest sites on the .
maybe you do not understand if you have been assigned in a certain class.
my first main idea is that computers help students find important information help students find important information on a project.
the mood created by the author is both and love.
books will take a few days and you only have days to research, create, and organize your project and data.
also, the heat is killing him.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
computers do have many effects on people.
get this need of life, invest in a computer!
its our right to read it.
no person is flawless and is incapable of mistakes.
everyone has heard this saying.
people listen to music all the time.
even if some content is offensive some people it could still be a important part of history that people need to know
see a message so computers interesting with friends and family.
never, have i ran into something that was offensive to me or anyone else.
emailing is used for many things.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
should i have the right to take away books from my child?
computers helps the locate most wanted criminals.
these things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer.
my point is if something comes off the shelf is should return to its rightful spot or otherwise their will be consequences and people will not be trusted much longer
he encounters poisonous snakes and areas of no buildings or civilization all together.
so authors have freedom to write what they would like to.
everybody should have they own section for their age group.
dear editor, i feel that we should not take any movies, books, and music off the self.
when these old, forsaken things one mentioned, it can be noticed that the cyclist starts being a little in despair.
rap is all about who am i going to sleep with next and how many times i can have sex.
having some downtime can really help someone to be a healthier and happier person!
in conclusion, .
this is what majority of the people in our society rely on.
as soon as he was about to give up his troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind him now.
but as i got into the books, the more mature they got.
also, the computers become the center of their lives.
rated movies usually have gore, sexual themes, strong language, and things little kids should never watch.
on the other hand, children should not be able to reach or see some of this.
it can be found nearly anywhere.
alright no body is home or online i think going to kick back turn some music to kick back turn some music on and maybe take a nap.
many authors, musicians, and directors have stated that this freedom is important for having an enjoyable and creative life.
lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day.
i want to sleep more.
also information for homework or for work and jobs.
after several hours of setting on a couch watching everybody else do it, they finally had him talked into it.
if you talk to someone about sex and they start to laugh and make jokes then there not very mature.
by using the computer to complete research papers students save hours of scanning through books in the library and money on reading books.
for starters, the newspaper companies use computers to write the paper.
the first reason being what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
but people sometime can take it to far and do sometimes burn it to the ground.
first, computers have a negative effect on people, including chicken, because computers are not safe.
the reader does not know if she will pass the test next time but assumes that she will because of the way she vows it.
the kids what it, but there is one book.
a lot of books, especially ones on history, use language and actions that were used during that time.
you can also use the computer to look up different kinds of people.
the ending of a story helps determine the meaning of the story.
therefor, computers affect us greatly.
grapes of was banded because their was slavery in it.
so if is something out you don' believe in stay away from it, and let those who do believe in it enjoy learning about it
next reason why computers are good to have is for jobs.
dear local newspaper, i have heard that there is a controversy over if computers benefit our society.
but others are like why not they are going to know about it in and when they are married also.
in the story the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
the little stuff that gets under our skin and eats away at us.
if she will stick through it or not.
it is their job to show them the right path.
online predators are highly dangerous and extremely clever.
to the everyone has the freedom of speech and the freedom of press.
i think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things.
they not always answer what you need but they are there to look back at and see what type of generation we have.
i think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people.
also the story ends the same way it begins by her taking the test or getting ready to which is a good way of writing.
this shows that the authors mood was very loving.
it started to drizzle.
there are many ways you can keep in touch over computers.
first, you spend less time exercising.
if we do not stand up and protect our rights, then who will?
we want to keep it away from them so that in the future, they know not to use it.
the first reason why libraries should not be censored is so they will not lose business.
not everyone is interested in the same book genre.
needs to be in a certain section of the library to where the little kids can not go or reach.
having to pay to travel.
mango is a palatable fruit.
before he got to the fish camp the cyclist saw no one and was becoming dehydrated.
the world would have never ending chaos if people had too much power to change things.
it is used in factories.
as a little kid you might not know what that is but all you have to do is pick up and read.
even though they had nowhere to to work in places with bigger pay.
also, all the problems he faces are setting related like the snake & the rough road.
as if a person that was a cook might not find a book about athletics too appealing either.
the feeling of her old home, in her new home will make her more positive and comfortable.
in the story, the setting greatly effects the attitude of the cyclist.
but much like the geese returning in the spring, she says she will retake the test.
the classrooms would be well-furnished.
this is the major element that and him in the story.
and how his parents seemed like great people.
but computer are very helpful in lots of way and its so fun.
also you can talk to friend.
the reason being is because by the material that might show offense to an individual, might just be very interesting to another person.
they also are incredibly out of shape.
i am here to persuade other readers about the negative affects computers have on people.
lot of people have different of computers are more improve more faster and more high quality.
dear local newspaper, i heard what you were saying about if computers are a good or bad thing.
he starts out confident enough and then reaches the first town the gentleman described.
dear local newspaper, a society we have come very for regarding advancements and inventions.
for these reasons is why computers do not benefit society.
we pay for our room with no problem and we stand there patiently waiting for to step up and ask for a room.
now for the books.
last, is the day time.
this is how i feel about this subject.
the authors have the right of freedom of speech but it can go the other way around too.
making the choice to go into a library is an individuals decision.
no material should ever be removed from a public library based on censorship.
it ends confidently, and leaves the reader satisfied.
it makes it twice as hard, to do a simple task with a computer.
i believe that books that have something offensive in them should not be censored.
he pays for it later when on his bicycle, he is almost killed by heatstroke or dehydration.
yet she learns that she needs to be determined to adapt and survive like hibiscus.
sometimes it is harder to ignore.
then, as we grew older and became busier and busier, or connection with each other halted.
it put out a sense of family in the story.
last, it can help us do are homework if we have on it.
first, need computer.
and that my friends is not alright.
some of the books that are banned could relate to someone, and touch them.
after all, we are not forced to do anything.
anybody who is a of a company has a laptop.
what is technology?
the mood created by the author is gratefulness.
friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person.
in addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more.
i think that books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
it is just life
if parents or anyone do not want their children watching rated movies before renting or buying one they should check the back where it always tells you.
but most people spend to much time on the computer.
its like the author is saying she will be reborn again like the hibiscus, when the spring comes.
as humans we are given certain freedoms, and one of those freedoms is the freedom of press.
so how can you tell what is okay for younger children and teens to view?
if something could be offensive, it is disposed of.
losing libraries as an option will cause people to lose their right to that resource.
this is human nature because our bodies when into survivor mode and become determined to survive.
communication over computers benefit now society can interact between one another.
, a physician, told me that people who shop online have less stress than people who go to the store for the same items.
of people say they learn social on the computer.
if we do not have technology then we can not call no one.
instead, the money can be spent on schools, and especially the wars!
post offices are found in every city, town, and village.
well its the same thing when people want to censor the libraries.
she says, its strong enough to make it through the cold month here, this winter hibiscus.
secondly, could removing a book from the shelves limit your ability to learn something or hear something from another point of view?
only until the end of the story does the cyclist run into another human.
we should be able to get the books that we like from libraries.
have you ever had to research for a project or report?
one example is that people that stay on the computer wont have much fun on other people.
for example, i was going on a band trip with all the other band students, and on the way there we put on a movie.
if someone was at a library, and thought the ' ' series were offensive, they might be the only ones to think that.
almost every sport needs hand eye coordination and computers help you get it.
if you do that its not only more fun, healthier for you.
you can research just about anything on everything, because the computer will have it.
in deserts where there are no cows.
without it, his family would wonder how he was and be worried.
in the memoir there is more the one mood, but this is the main one.
like the program excel, created this to make a simple way to organize data.
i could not get into the bus.
even if you take out offensive materials there still going to get them sooner or later no matter what you do
he works hard and he loves his works.
she is going to keep trying to adjust to her new home.
when he arrives at the first town and sees that it is like a ghost town he does not fret but continues on his journey in confidence.
but she knows that after this she can go back and try again just like the geese do often our winter.
this also includes music, movies, and magazines.
because of overpopulation, there is poverty.
we would need a computer to type it to make it looks better.
many people love computers.
books that teachers would like to give to there class to read.
lastly, we rely on computers too much, which leads to problems.
i was at a library one time and there way these to guys.
students keep their essays, study guides, and home work updates on files in the .
wants to go on the computer that day and throws a ten turn the parent should take the computer away for the next and so on and so on.
kids who need to win and not talk could lead to lifetime results.
the silencing of the voices of authors also stops new ideas from coming in to a society.
there are several features that causes the author to dehydrate.
the obvious answer is bad effect.
what one person loves, another hate.
with the new computers, people are able to talk with people all over the world.
but when he came to his second town, he became ton on water.
computers on your desk starring at you and you sampled to go on.
that is the mood the memoir set of me to understand it.
humans also pollute water in many ways.
i know that somethings are a little, risque, but getting this our their quicker would be a better solution.
finally there is no water around.
one way is, the setting.
i bet if that person had the ability to choose what stays and what goes in the library, they would only have horror in the library.
we would go there and mainly go to the kids section.
once, when i was visiting the library, there was a man in the check out line, right before me.
saying that, i believe that we should not be able to ban, censor, or remove any books, music, or movies from the public.
they say that it’s the fastest toy car they have ever seen.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i feel like to many people spend to much time on the .
well that all.
even though the sun does have harmful days, it is still important for health that everyone spends some time in the sun.
they can make you uncomfortable.
many people had come there for a picnic.
throughout the entire year, i video chat with her through computer because it is a whole lot easier than flying there.
no matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life.
and and are fine for any age group.
based on the memoir the mood created by the author in the memoir was filled with lots of love and satisfaction.
libraries have things for people of all ages, even though some do not like many of the materials found in them.
computers are great for everything.
the library has always been a place where you go to find exactly what you want and you know that they will have it.
when an author is writing, setting the mood is really important.
my third and final reason to why using the internet is good is that it effects everyday life, in a good way.
poisonous snakes, mirages, rolling hills, and dry dead tumbleweed these features in the setting that the cyclist was going through have the greatest effect of all.
with are of the largest number of members.
movies are in the same boat as music.
by censoring things people are not only kept from ideas that might shock them, but also from ideas that might make them think.
seventy years ago, japan was a backward country.
the geese always come back when the seasons change.
what do you prefer having computers or no?
the water was hot.
another instance under which censorship had had a negative affect on society and culture was during the regime.
language helps to set the time period in the novels.
there are great books that for years people have enjoyed reading and continue to read today.
in conclusion, i believe that materials should not be removed from libraries for being to offensive
exercise is big and all should do it.
the computer is bad for you, so you should stop and think about what i wrote in this persuasive letter.
for instance, my friends all have the infamous?
this could help them in the future if you need to type up an assignment for school, a job application, or college application.
dear , life without computers.
which means that even though there different there going to be there for one another which is united.
after coming back from school i spend some time to nurse the
i would be surprised if one does not.
the author concludes this story with hope in this sentence.
he hates nobody.
a family member of mine is a photographer and he looks at nude magazines and movies to help him with his career.
in this situation, it could go both ways on how colored people tend to look and feel about this.
when you are bored you find anything that you can possibly do, rather than be bored.
i believe that if you have a , or , you have a chance to meet people from all over the world.
have you ever about what looks like or what would be found on it?
but there could be negative ideas for people who think the opposite way.
let us make reading a regular habit and so become a creative member of the world community.
the pitcher pitches the ball and wham!
can be found offensive.
no, not in any way do they have a right to do that!
because of this, he will probably rest first an old mans short tents again.
in college you will take notes and do assignments.
if your work is typed then your work is neater and more understandable.
there, are many other useful advantages of computers.
also you cant give up on anything at all even something small like working if you stop working you will loose your job.
he is a useful member of the society.
going on picnics, taking long walks, reading useful books are good leisure time activities.
the family loves this plant.
along with the internet, there are programs such as , and , which help people to learn a new language, or write on the computer.
these taught the main character how to love and how to care about someone.
dear local newspaper, to my understanding computers have been putting a bad effect on people of all ages.
however, not all individuals support censorship because of their children.
the cyclist has it hard in the conditions lack of water, heat and rough terrain are all things that made his ride harder.
after a long day at school teens go from the bus, to the front door, to their computer chair.
after reading do not exceed posted limit i have seen how the scene of an area can effect your mood and attitude around things.
there could be more things that would keep kids interested but only for a little bit
this not the way to be treating a device.
the author also gives the feeling of hope that they one day will return home.
stop waiting and get online or go out and buy one.
as you can see, technology these days is always getting more and more advanced.
as we all know, obesity is a factor in the and around the world.
without physically bringing your textbook home you can view the book online.
as you can see.
magazines and movies have everything between cars to bad pictures in them and historical places, facts, and documents to action.
and also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are.
being able to go to college at home can really come in handy in some people.
lastly, you can talk online with other people.
kids are going to pick the words up in school or off the streets any way.
not only can this scare a child, but it makes it extremely difficult to explain that what they read in the story is not true.
the content of what goes into a book is up to the author.
can you imagine how much harder it would be to communicate with someone who lives in, lets say .
in a time of pain all you want is a friend.
people can talk to old friends, family anybody really.
that is why the effects on computers to people are nothing but positive.
have you gain weight just from staying on the computer for too long.
this simply demonstrates the importance of serving our parents.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
almost anything like these could be considered offensive.
if you are doing your homework and you forgot an answer.
the higher reading level books help them understand words better, and also help them learn about literature and past times.
all the computer is, is a distraction from keeping you and everyone else healthy.
i also chose love.
you can find all this cut on television, but you never knows when it would come on.
thirdly, they are a great source of entertainment.
rooms are the main why.
they do not cover their eatables from dust and flies.
since the internet population is growing, companies allow people to fill out applications and send in resumes in order to apply for a job in said company.
on the other hand the computer has that many people are connecting and communicating they can set a plan to many critics have people and spends the computer.
people have died because they spent too much time on the without eating and sleeping.
he is also my neighbor.
the author of this memoir presented a kind of grateful and cheerful mood.
each town cares about its residents and want them to have fun.
how could you take away the future of learning from the children that are our next generation.
or you could use the computer for school work or for work.
but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
also no one is in sight.
a lot of books and movies, great ones even, contain some offensive content but they are classics.
i think another mood of the author is definitely love.
while being offended by a book is bad, we must realize that some people are going through things that are way worse than that.
this makes travel to and from school much easier.
the terrain also made him thirsty because the more he had to go up and down hills, the more he would drink.
although i am lucky that my mother cares about what i read, some parents are not.
these plants would bear beautiful
the hot sun glaring down at you just is killing you not to book a vacation to a tropical island!
he also talks about how his parents taught him how important family and friends were.
so do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all the music you listen to is offensive?
in the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material.
what one person finds offensive another could find miraculous.
first you should always be happy no matter what culture your in.
finds that the burning of books has lead the society that he lives in to be ignorant of what is going on around them.
and he looks at them.
that is what causes people to become crazy and get into gangs or into drugs.
while they talk with friends with , it is not the same as going to the park with friends and playing a game of baseball.
disagreements could turn into debates, and those could turn into fights.
i do not think that censorship is a good idea for any sort of material on a shelf.
he helps me in grammar lessons and in return, i help him in arithmetic.
i believe that since that is true for movies, it should also be true for books, magazines, and music.
milk is not only important for growing children but also for people of all age groups.
computers are a faster way to learn.
it helps us to improve our mind.
some people might think that it is a good idea to censor things on library.
letting small children see this makes them think that they have to dress and act a certain way.
also, computer technology has been applied to research in science and hospitals.
sometimes computer operated robots do dangerous jobs so workers are not at risk.
just go on your computer and play some game or just find some activities you whole family could do.
he was confident he could conquer anything.
as the debate continued, i myself begin to ponder the subject.
this is an oft-repeated proverb.
imagine you working on a project in school.
it reflected his own desperate situation, all refreshments in the past, there was nothing left.
i personally think as a person who attends the library often, that things being taken away cause uproar in different ways.
society need to put strict restrictions on what is right and what is not for children.
also, adults use these materials in a way that could cause many problems with the library.
we can meet new people, learn new places, and talk to friends.
example if i have a project i find the information on about people or places.
gives the reader a feeling that the character is in danger.
in the popular search engine attempted to set up shop in the country, but quickly entered into dispute with the about the censoring of certain materials.
what be offensive to you, not be offensive to the person sitting next to you.
the sentence is able to wrap up the story and demonstrates the importance of the hibiscus.
in the kitchen celebrations, childhood, friends and family formed the backdrop to their life.
they not even know what the right or wrong thing to do is.
this form of technology is called the computer.
some reasons include: the put down on races, comments in the book, how the author wrote it and who it was written towards.
the author was likely describing his happy .
you can talk to people from far away by using chat or the webcam.
i disagree with the idea of censorship.
it contradicts freedom of the press.
books are here for a reason, and they need to stay
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
another thing, that is somewhat related to this.
they have no limits.
computers are the wall between inside and going outside in back at the world.
how many times have you been in a library and find a misplaced book?
it also set the mood of the era, and the place, where the story is being held.
i live in karol bagh.
there are books movies and music that offend everyone if we took them all away we would have nothing.
with electronic devices such as the player and so on, most of the music comes from online sites where you purchase the song directly.
today, libraries have sections dedicated to different genres of materials.
book censorship is a big deal in the world today.
the setting affected the cyclist greatly throughout his ride.
nobody wants to read lies, do they?
computers have been the technological item to have over the past or so years.
again, our technology is so advanced now that there is a bunch of websites where we can talk and see how we are doing.
as a consequence, kids start to gain body fat from sitting on a coach staring at the all day instead of exercising!
for example, one person like to read philosophical books, and the other like to read romance comedy books.
almost every family has them.
when ever i do my homework.
websites like , or , or , are scary when it comes to privacy.
most of the kids are fit.
so he decided to go by aeroplane.
if students can' have access to then whats the option for them?
sure, many people spend way to much time on their computer, but other people use it to save information or find research.
most people of today are too afraid of what other people think.
many people have different views and opinions on things.
you can not always make everyone happy.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips, the author states when his fresh water supply begins to run out.
he runs out of water.
one day i even heard a little quoting lines from the '.'
plus sex makes books better.
the life lived as a child was a paradise in his eyes.
to whom it concern, i think computers are a good thing.
so you have total freedom to purchase(check out) any of those rated movies.
besides education computers touch upon our economy as well.
we have lots of great books.
natural surroundings, good water, fresh air and relaxed lifestyle give us energy and make life more enjoyable.
this means that we as individuals should be able to decide what we want to read and what we do not.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that the narrator is ready.
'i look like i am dead and dress like a homo', is another line from the song.
no one should tell me what not to read or watch: unless i am a youth.
by shopping online, you skip the long lines at retail stores which means less time walking to get your product.
books could be a way people escape the real world.
at the end you know we all need to type our essays, lesson and more.
the slave trade is a major part in history that helped shape the country it is today.
throughout the excerpt, it shows his gratefulness towards his life living with his family, his life in his home, and his overall life living in .
in conclusion, being online too much has an effect on everybody and
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
what are you to do?
also you can learn about new places if you ever want to move to another country.
when people take these things harmful, they are not getting the true meaning that the author had in mind when the wrote them.
we have the freedom to the way we feel or think, but can it be to graphic for some to read?
if you wanted learn about other places besides the one you live in you could find it on the computer.
growing up, was the wonder of my world.
the book has been written, so is that not a sure sign it is not offensive to at least one person, that being the author?
, i would like to tell you computers are very helpful in our society today.
computers are growing keeping is on top.
kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects.
she then buys the plant with the little money she has because it reminds her of her homeland and childhood.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
for example, books that would be found offensive to children should be kept away from where children can pick out things in a library.
you know says that over of people will never go in nature they get a computer.
if libraries took any material that anyone found offensive in any way off the shelves, there would be no material left.
just because you do not agree with what they are writing does not mean you can just throw it away.
on the other side though, a lot of people use a computer for work and school.
the same rules apply with books and music.
the computer allows you to recall through endless information and topics.
what look vulgar to someone, might not look so offensive to another individual.
the mood of this memoir to me is comforting.
your honor, i have my proof right here.
dear editors of the , morning, my sister wakes me up to go to school.
blocked the pavement in front of me.
anyone can see what you put so you should be safe.
a mature person will not want to read elementary books their entire life.
lack was not a factor in this story.
additionally, the tone of the last paragraph is hopeful, which gives the reader a positive feeling.
so, if their parents does not want them reading certain things their should be stickers on their cards.
some believe that this material is not appropriate for anyone to view.
will be the ones and all that important stuff.
if you are inside searching the web how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries?
he may sometimes being sad news but we still wait for him.
so when she feels that comfort again she will be brave and go take the test.
they also have lots of websites for help with a new language.
but the big reason is grateful is her family.
these are probably the is for school.
i go to my school by bus.
i have found this important over the last few years.
censoring materials also greatly limits the variety of content available for people to choose from.
however, if every piece of media that was requested to be removed was taken out, important works would be thrown away.
we should keep profanity but limit it from kids.
the internet just does it right on the spot.
as you can see for my reasons above, the computer has an effect on people.
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways throughout the writing.
a and , computer systems are the leading cause of a lack of exercise.
i know i did.
by doing this, a parent knows what their child is reading, hearing, or seeing.
from then on the stock to his map.
there are a lot of examples that make me think that.
we all know that computers can be a good and bad thing.
and families are concerned about that a lot of people use this can of stuff.
i soon became depressed.
his parents let all who needed a home to stay with them, because they knew that the others would help them if they needed shelter.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
with a good strong mind and willpower, you can overcome a bad decision and play sports or go to the gym.
you can tell i do not have the greatest hand writing.
these games also make you more intelligent.
if someone got offended by what they read, they could put the book down just as fast as they picked it up.
of course, try exercising when you are crammed in a car traveling , which is computers positively affect me.
the parents turned a simple house into a home.
libraries around the world need to better there restrictions, even laws to stop poisoning the minds of our young.
this is shown when she says a blossom of two would have blown into the well it reminds her of her homeland.
this quote shows that she misses her own culture & cannot adapt to the one that she lives in now.
we all must understand that although we all have differences in our beliefs, we must prevent censorship and accept all.
i think it is not just up to them on what should be on the shelves in a library, but the communities choice.
when i moved to from , i thought that i was never going to see my best friend again.
even worse he found an abandoned juice factory on the way, at that point he was out of water.
your child finds a magazine.
settings positive effect in this instance changes mental state from negative to positive.
they allow us to talk with people all over the world.
i can take over your life.
our body gets ultra-violet and infra-red treatment from sunlight.
but you have to go shopping.
i would, we need computer for many things, for example we need computer for communications, we also need them to educate yourself and others.
and some people get offended by some books or movies.
so take them off the shelves.
no i do not believe this statement for many reasons.
second, when she bought the plant, her mother was a little angry because it was expensive.
first, computers are used for education around the world.
he has to do a lot of work.
censorship is at times out of control but maintained we can use it for many things and have a great community as well as country.
its only him.
so once again, the computer is extremely helpful and profitable.
i think this for a few different reasons.
computers help everyone learn.
parents can decide what their child is allowed to take home or not.
secondly, he passes a large road sign reading rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
they should be spending time with family and friends.
they actually can be quite good for people.
well, first of all, why do we even want to watch, see, or listen to things that are not right?
the mood of the poem is happy.
there were many features in the setting of this bike race that affected the cyclist.
there should only be book and movies where you a re able to learn something in your local library.
most kids spend most of their time on the computer or on or .
guglielmo marconi invented the radio.
the sun gives us light and heat.
all kind of books should be in the library no matter what in my opinion.
it is their right as an to buy what they want.
the library just gives us facts about what we need to know about a person or anything like that.
the sea helps all forms of life on earth.
censorship of books should be if a book is not for children keep them away from it.
this means some people prefer to write than type.
i was thoroughly disappointed.
if they are found offensive to the public.
another issue is banned books.
finding a way to reach a happy medium.
the committee should have a contest in which people of any age of the community could write an essay telling their opinion also.
she will make it.
also computers allow us to us to more info about recent events that have just around the world.
the overall mood in this memoir would have to be thankfulness.
the flower brought back comforting memories for her, so she bought one of the plants and returned.
for example i read an article about the and the the next day my teachers gave us a pop quiz on that and i got .
recently, though, some experts have been concerned whether or not computers benefit society.
people around the world but you would think that anybody would play video game on the computer and have free time?
the media has a moral duty towards its public.
this is why most endings are meaningful like this.
the sooner could be better or for the worst.
you can also talk to your friends and even video chat with them too.
the mood also sounds very loving because he loves his parents for moving to .
not a criminal so why remove books from libraries?
the mood in this memoir i believe is appreciation and caring towards others.
movies, books, music, magazines, and more all have there own way of expressing the content in them depending on what the author is talking about.
firstly, computers give entertainment.
this system helps people find exactly what they are looking for.
a computer gives you any learn something.
censorship denies our rights as citizens to have the right for free speech.
in the essay, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
other people sit at their and get mad or angry at .
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home
i believe it should be taken off and there are alternatives to this.
this has also helped us in wars.
finally, there is an amendment in the of for preventing censorship.
computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper.
other people think computers are hurting the citizens.
we came back home after a few hours.
this quote is saying that because of the heat, the rough terrain and the length of his shortcut his running out of water.
snakes usually creep.
they can cause many problems in your life.
there are many historical works that contain offensive images and content, but people have to overlook this because these books are accounts of our history.
at first, geese flying in the sky was new to her, but now shes use to it.
it is human nature to fear the unknown.
then he passed a snake and had the obstacles of the hills which made him become determined.
every human is entitled to freedom of speech.
next, there are ways to avoid children reading inappropriate books besides taking the books off the shelves completely.
they teach hand eye coordination.
many people all over go to libraries for many different reasons.
if some people get offended (or think they get offended) by something, they would try to removed whatever it was from the nations stores.
have the internet and computers you can know about what you want when you type in the subject into a search engine like google or yahoo.
if we do this then all the problems will be solved.
in conclusion yes we have had a lot of offending stuff said to us but you cant let it get you down so much you have to move on.
read on and see why i disagree.
i heard music and learned some .
it is a good and brave hunter.
like the geese.
it could even locate a wounded soldier.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many way.
the efficiency of a computer is also recognized when trying to accomplish seemingly simple tasks.
kids have a great memory on things that should not be remembered.
it was one of the most memorable journeys i ever had in my life.
i believe that computers are a great tool for several reason.
this is nonsense.
computers can improve learning in a variety of ways.
individuality would be lost and opinions would be forgotten.
it has changed the way we do almost everything today.
children do need to be experiencing, learning about, or exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries.
he reaches the school before school starts.
in the beginning, when it was not as hot and he had plenty of water, the cyclist was absolutely fine.
due to this, many people have no communication skills.
after all her sadness within the story, she finally gets the energy back to tell herself, keep trying.
many of my friends also come to school on their bicycles.
he was in the desert, which is dry and hot.
it affects the cyclist because he almost collapses from heatstroke and lack of water.
not to mention, the people who respect their morals too much to read offensive material.
and that she would come back, just like they did.
that is why everything that is in the library is staying in the library
sounds easier that looking up, get the dewy decimal number, find the number.
this is why all different forms of books, magazines, radio and music could be offensive to people.
they have many different subjects math, science, history language and much much more.
depending on what sort of new terrain or landmark he came to,his determination increases and decreases.
computers keep photos saved that can be edited and even just saved to be admired.
for example, the harsh temperature started to make his pedaling sluggish.
on the other hand, young children are in need of censorship.
another problem is side effects.
also the students can use the computer as a way to study.
they also hold your information.
as i stated most people are becoming more and more lazy these days because all they have to do to have fun is sit and do little movement.
in my opinion i think that the author sets a loving mood.
computers can have their likes and dislikes.
and its whatever they believe in is how it should go.
now you know that computers make life efficient.
she goes to college on the internet because she has to take care of her two children.
with these things a person can do research or use for entertainment.
just for the books that contain more adult material and are not suitable for younger readers.
they help your brain in all of these categories just by having cute and fun little game.
luckily, i was able to go on the card catalog on the computer and find many books on my topic, just by typing the keyword!
but encounters a snake.
if i was in his situation i would feel hopeless.
every day people i know go home and jump on for the rest of the day.
yet we still want to read, listen, watch, and look at them.
no one can stop what is coming, you just have to learn to live with it and move on.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
there are a few ways that the library could handle the books that offend people.
the victim was a person who overused the computer and frequented the internet.
which cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body.
he only recounts good things and happy memories in the entire memoir.
no one is taking to reading as a way to relieve boredom, they are just sitting on the couch watching television.
and they will go out and do anyways.
as a result, a computer is a great use to play games.
my last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games.
is teachers want some students to go on a website to learn something it is a very helpful source.
computers have changed our lives for the better, and we should appreciate all the do for us.
to communicate with my family in i use a webcam.
i hope my three reason can persuade the local news paper to agree with my position that computer have a positive effect on people.
different people have different opinions on what is offensive and what is not offensive.
another big debate that many people have are with female and male opinions.
finally, it is always better out something you never knew before or something you have been wondering about.
a can cost anywhere from to even that is a ton money.
in conclusion, people should not be on computer too much because of their health and their privacy and also to be sure not to meet strange people.
in one case a girl actually killed because of nasty messages posted about her.
my brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment has ever made.
the issue is further complicated by the concept of what is and is not appropriate for children.
they are a great blessing.
if you are like me, you like to talk to your friends.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very strong.
the shortcut only leads him to thirst, and no park.
what do you do when you want to know what the capital of is?
this shows that the house was full of happiness and warmth.
and learn about all the cooking.
like a true story about a break up, of a family or a relationship.
then, after a few hours, the cyclist was in the desert with bumpy hills.
said no but i need to talk to you about a book the librarian said she was way ahead of her.
the instant message is probably the must used by teens.
she had a shake her head to make sure what she was seeing in one part of the story.
recorded evidence is, of course, available of egypt and mesopotamia five or six thousand years ago.
the computer can give you great information but only if you know how to use it.
would you really want to use something that bad toward your health and your privacy?
libraries and all types of media should not be censored.
so the next time you see something that is offensive just put it back and move on
then i realized how easy it is for a child to access adult information.
the mood is a mixture of both happy and sad because of the way the author states his ideas.
music is one thing that can bring everybody together.
because of the internet, people across the globe can talk to each other as if they were neighbors.
this writing is socially unacceptable!
the springtime is a representation of a new beginning.
the ticket came up to .
we all have to have some way to express ourselves and maybe the thing you find offensive, expresses some one else in some way.
trust me, i got addicted to a game before.
first, less people are spending time outside enjoying nature.
i believe that slavery is a hard subject to come to grips with.
this is a very simple an straight forward concept.
more and more people use computers but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
should books, music, movies , magazines, etc.
and try to be like , because this world needs .
when students go on the computer they can chat with friends.
it lets you see how people are and what the place looks like with a virtual tour.
the biggest affect on the cyclist was the lack of water with unbearable heat and he was tired.
in my opinion, the computer has been one of the best technologies in history.
if disliking the book is a problem; then put it back.
they are our best guides and philosophers.
even though you are talking to them you are not learning any new social skills.
sex, violence, and drugs are not what this world was made for
not doing your school.
secondly, the computer distracts kids from homework.
the future is coming!
i would not have gotten that grade if i did not use the computer to do research.
in the story there are many reasons to suspect shy she ended the story with that paragraph.
once again, books are meant to entertain readers and not to hurt them.
all of the computers were filled with people and, a line with people ready to go on next.
thirdly they allow people to communicate, so go ahead, take it away, but see what happens when you do.
most write books, create music, and produce movies to express themselves.
furthermore, people spend less time interacting with family and friends.
have you ever hopped on the computer and played a game?
most modern day businesses are run by computers.
newspapers give us knowledge about many things of the past and present.
she she wants to try and take it again in the spring.
my last reason is because on a computer you pretty much look for anything.
computers are a great way to talk to someone.
in other words, he loves his parents because of the love they showed him.
she is going to change her way of life and try to fit in with her new culture.
but i have a question for you, why do you like or dislike computers?
books, magazines, movies, and music are wonderful.
the snake caused the cyclist to be afraid which added to the fact that the cyclist was dehydrating.
others like the violence in those shows.
computers are like a pencil to a student.
she buys the plant in an attempt to get a reminder of her old home.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
this is a place that has already been through a and has fought against racism and slavery.
this final piece of evidence is located in paragraph seven.
taking things that people like away from someone is wrong and it would be mean to take that away from those who enjoy it.
i think that all offensive images to people that visit the library should be taken off the shelves and removed from the library.
the features is old abandon towns and hot temperatures.
if you ask me if i think censorship is important in libraries than i would have to say yes and no.
you can see, computers are very much needed when it comes to school work.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very loving, thankful, and happy.
also, who would want to get of their and exercise, exercising is so boring and lame.
it is what makes the workers to the procrastinators and the fit to the lazy.
in conclusion, computers have a very positive effect on people.
so when taking a younger child ta a library go in with and walk with them.
so i will say again to consider my ideas.
i believe that libraries should not have censorship.
they can cause an addiction, and create numerous distractions.
of them are classics that past generations have read in school.
when cycling or doing any outdoor sport, the setting matters greatly.
one way is he is round stuck with only a little bit of water.
all types of entertainment are categorized by age and people should start paying more attention to that.
now reading this i hope you believe that computers benefit society.
they feel they need to focus on winning and beating all their friends.
but he always helps the needy persons.
the towns he comes to are so deserted he thinks he is going in the wrong direction.
when riding a bike for a very long time with no water is bad but is even worst when your surroundings are worst.
mercury is nearest to the sun.
what will we begin to predict for the future?
but she does not have the mane.
but computers see it a different way.
computers are easy to get addicted to, use a lot of electricity, and can make people fat and lazy.
it is said that more one million people and up use there computer more than once a day.
parents should simply tell there kids to leave those types of materials alone and choose something else.
i was led to my class toom.
this place have been a striving spell but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of ghost down.
this gives us the ability to make millions of searches for any given topic.
music is a great thing that all age groups love.
the path of the planets is known as an orbit.
actually, she is very kind to me and rest of the family members.
it seemed very difficult, as i kept falling.
my family lives in and i visit them every year.
i agree with the statement of in some degree.
limit your time to a half hour a day.
the things that remind her of home.
let alone not even be there to begin with.
but not the kind i was used to.
with the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand.
people sit in their houses and just stare at the bright screen.
it gives this story a warm feel like it could almost be your mom or dad.
if something was removed every time someone would walk in, then there would be no library.
then everybody starts saying the foul language.
after all it is a public place where anyone can go to read in peace.
i have an opinion about this and it might not effect everyone in the world but i do hope so.
in our public libraries, all books and movies are settled into one place for everyone to have the ability to check out.
all in all, the moods in the story fit together nicely.
the first reason why is that the person might not come back to that place.
people however, just cannot remove the words of another right from their mouth, no matter how bad it is.
as he begins to see how hope.
you can find information on anything in a library, from any point of view.
our heart beats all day and all night.
the water pumps were so old and unused for so long that the water was of very poor quality.
for example, the internet, and websites like , , etc.
have you ever found or seen books, music, movies, or magazines in a library that are offensive to you?
he really shows the people who have read his memoir that he respects his parents and thanks them so much to make his life better in .
computers do not benefit our society today.
lastly, as a kid we need to be able to use a computer, not just to talk to friends but for homework.
for example some people use it to go to college online.
a child can simply go to another library, or even a store to find the same thing.
people spend way too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
yes, most people visit libraries for the wrong reasons but to other people, those wrong reasons be the reason for them to gain more information.
what you not now, however, is that they supply a great amount of knowledge to the average person.
i know this from experience.
thinking of his thirst would only get him more thirsty.
this actually means a situation that will came again that will help you to get what is needed out of it that you missed.
also the rocky roads affected him because he barely had any water left, and rocky tent to take more strength and endurance.
i also feel like censorship is making people soft because everything is censored and when people get into the real world they get hit hard.
so the hibiscus is good for her, it is some think she can hold onto from her old home
he should be taught to think before he acts, to be prudent and useful to his society.
the internet you can watch videos an almost any website you go on.
i disagree with when she said that some books, magazines, movies, etc.
the setting affected the cyclist: due to the changes in terrain.
therefore the cyclist went through some though times.
then , who is an , picks up the same book and reads all about the and how they treated their slaves.
well, people who use computers are drown into them, and they ignore the necessary physical activities one can get from being outside.
it is all about the audience who reads that certain book if it is appropriate or not to the person reading it.
oliver is my best friend.
that is their lifestyle and their opinion.
the information that people find would probably help them find were a store is or a number for a restaurant.
the librarian should listen to the parent and then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it.
because or she does not agree with the views expressed?
so even taking away one book could make a kid learn one less thing.
computers can ever help people plan a vacation, or learn about a country on the other side of the earth.
books are divided into their individual sections according to truth, kind and cover, each category holding about four options.
instead of like a pack of rabid wolves.
these days come quite often, but what does do?
many people get offended in this word way to easy.
using a computer can help people in many ways.
young minds acquire knowledge and wisdom by reading great books.
he is led away from the steady road as a result of taking mislead advice from an old group of individuals.
the one thing he never does is give up.
or not harmful.
these magazines and books could also be seen as informing.
to whom it concern, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
censoring books not only limits self expression but it also limits knowledge and our constitutional right of free speech.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affect the cyclist.
in our society we are given the right to have our own opinion about things, and we are able to like what ever we want.
also if your parents found out you would be in even more trouble because then you would get grounded.
half an hour.
we should not get rid of the obscenity at all.
it is not being effective most times.
books can be used to teach people lessons on what is right or wrong.
so else how bad the computer is.
then, i went back to print it, it had been erased.
i feel that those people that think computers do not benefit society, are right.
books of all sorts should be allowed to children and adults of all ages.
all in all; censorship depends on what age group the consumer is in really.
my family has gone to many different areas around the world.
if you need to know state capitals, you can find it in no time.
movies would be boring, stories would be interesting, and there would be no music.
i believe that parents should take a proactive role in monitoring their children.
i believe that this is definitely true because i remember that the same happened to my sister.
most game sites have virtual games that you can play online for !
the lorries, buses, cars and other vehicles passed on the way.
she is trying to get over the fact that she is not at home, that things and people that use to be ground no longer are.
so please, change your mind.
it can cause us to have bad behavior or bad dreams.
just remember though, if you agree with this then.
you cant always censor that.
in fact, i have never seen a child in the adult section of a library.
you can chat with them pictures of how there doing.
censorship solves no problems, but it makes everyone unhappy.
in the story it says, i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is trying to bike up hills and down hills, which can be very tiring.
and that you can end up losing something for a certain amount of .
they have some bad parts about them too.
in almost all of books someone be able to find something offensive to them or to someone else.
that you need to do something.
she speaks of the driving test, geese, and the hibiscus plant three subjects found in the story.
besides all of the good things, computers do have bad qualities, too.
the outside world.
they are simple things in life, but once gone they are a huge gap missing.
the author is okay right , and still has enough water.
i believe computers are good thing, but only if they are used properly.
i think that we should take that freedom and apply it to censorship.
also, you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them.
but it was just right for me.
the computer is used a lot for researching.
as you can clearly see, computers are used all around the world for many different reasons.
a public library is designed to accompany a vast variety of readers.
as a whole computers have a huge impart on our countries technical skills.
one theme was helpful.
i think that computer can help you in that way the endless sites of information and of better.
that is as simple as just going out and purchasing a computer.
books are important to have.
remember the words of shakespeare.
the library is open to anyone and anyone could see the material.
the computer is very useful when it comes to school.
well, i disagree with this statement.
also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person.
i do not agree with this idea because people should have the right to express their self through art, literature, and even music.
his family had many rich culinary skills.
the mood created by the memoir are described in many ways.
we post our letters in the letterboxes outside the post office.
people will not be caring for family or friends.
next, you can talk to friends all the way in another country without having to pay extra for a long distance call.
music they play on the radio is censored of all the foul language, so they make an effort.
a large amount of teenagers of all ages like to use a programs on computers called .
but continued to move on.
it started off innocent enough.
computers are good and everyone should have one.
while some of it is not appropriate, other parts of it guide us.
his parents were thanked repeatedly by him for their strength and perseverance and taught him that friends and family are very important.
over all i think the mood is happy.
you can lose your wife cause the computer because you forgot her birthday, her and her because you are on the stupid computer.
as one can see, the censorship of books and movies is not entitled to a personal opinion.
there were about fifty passengers who were traveling with us.
in literature and art things take a more serious tone than in music and other media.
many would want to take this book off the shelves of all libraries.
the parents were determined to make it to the united states because that was hard to do.
however, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends.
are ???
you can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government.
books are one of the most important things that we have in world.
there are few areas of the earth where no rain falls for
whenever a teacher need an assignment typed, you can type it on your computer and have it ready the next day.
no matter what the book is about people have the choice to read them or not so why should libraries have to remove books that some might find offensive?
actually out of every tourist research the area there going to on a computer.
there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen.
there are many educational things on the computer that can help you out in life.
in the story winter hibiscus by ho.
the man started becoming very unsure.
they also put the news on there website.
nobody is forcing people to pick up a book or magazine that is going to offend them.
this way everyone can get the books that they want to get.
then, they end hurting themselves.
everyone has a different taste, just like in music.
he says computers do not provide exercise.
the internet on the computer allows people to find an answer quickly.
maybe that is some kids favorite book and when he comes in there the next day it is gone.
a recent survey shows that six out of every ten teenagers spend more that two hours on the computer.
when the person (no matter who it is)goes out into the world.
less and less people are to enjoy a fresh and instead spend it indoors on their country.
lastly family and friends.
more over you can do it instantly so it gets the information anywhere in milliseconds.
however, the most prominent seasons are summer, winter and rainy seasons.
as the fireman burnt books, so ironically the novel was censored.
without a doubt, computers are a very good thing.
this could lead to loss jobs laziness.
then because of the setting.
there are many ways to describe the mood of the memoir.
i feel very strongly about my statement, because everyone in this world is different.
music has been around almost as long as mankind has been around.
are for entertainment.
when that happens a person will forget whats really important to them.
for example, might want to read a book about abortion, but is against and offended by that book or subject.
we should be aware to prevent another event like that from happening.
my second reason why computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about the different states and countries.
if so why should we allow ourselves to squander what was hard fought for and earned by our forefathers.
his family teach him lots of stuff that why now is have been the basis of his life.
i hope to see the amount of censorship rise in libraries.
is there nation television channels?
he always takes part in the school athletic events.
so what if all the non sense things have caught your attention.
also i believe if parents could choose they would decide to get rid of all the mean, nasty, and offensive materials
how bad would someone feel if they spent a year or two on a fantastic book, just to have it banned from library after library?
we need books, music, movies, and even magazines, but we need them all together.
it is kind of like a motivation, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
you can talk to someone that you have not talk to in years.
the rush of water demolishes and carries away the houses, top-soil, men and animals.
there are many different styles of literature and media in this world.
people spend all their time on a social net work other then going out and meeting new people.
people should not have a say whether something is appropriate or not to be taken out of libraries.
exercising is more important than a computers because it will make you health, you will not be sick so much.
i once saw a librarian throw a book away simply because it was about the religion.
the computer is also handy when you are going on vacation.
even most they are not physically with you talk to.
i seen so many materials that i think are not proper for people under age to been looking at.
they give you the ability to talk to people online not just your friends but also families that live far away.
within hours after the baby was born.
we can do this by helping to keep our sources of water clean.
using computers we save trees and stop all that from happening.
nature, is being ignored , more than ever.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to create a feeling of hope.
you can learn to surf the web because after a while you will know were everything is and be a web master.
as you can see, the cyclist goes though many moods caused by the setting of the story.
you can still interact with your family and friends either in chat or .
she needs time to adjust to her new home like the hibiscus to get some roots in the new soil she is on.
but also you can play a lot of different games and also type on an notepad.
they showed me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basis of my life.
not all music or movies are offensive.
everyone thinks different and have their own opinions therefore, they should all be able to listen to whatever.
with modern technology.
the dry desert like setting would affect the cyclist because he could easily become dehydrated from the sun, and loss of water through sweat.
the quote means the mood of the community is kind and helping.
need to go outside more and be active.
i say we should spend less time on the computer because children spend to much time on online games.
their are some books that should not be removed from libraries do to censorship.
we went by car and it took us eight hours to reach simla.
an if you read this you would see my reasons why.
many people like different books, music, movies, and magazines.
this very colorful book is just screaming for your attention?
do you like to travel?
people need to stop complaining about everything and just do something.
offensive books, movie, music, and magazines should be cleared from the store.
in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit, there are many features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit.
for example, one day you could be on and be talking on a chat room and kids could make sexual, homophobic, or even just plain remakes.
in conclusion i answer this question by saying no.
it has change the world.
material that is found offensive does not belong their, unless it is for real educational learning.
he tells of the courage his mother and father had of coming to the country without any knowledge of the language or culture.
kids and teens would be so bored that they would the parents insane.
can one imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user?
then you have magazines.
music is passion to most people.
on weekends, he takes us out for picnic and movies.
you could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met.
without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports.
what the children read is only up to two people: the child and the parent.
you can still talk and communicate with each other.
people can believe what they want, but the issue will be hard to conclude.
millions kids & adults agree.
you never get up unless you absolutely need to.
honestly, i have no objections to censorship and other times i do.
in addition to that, this music offends many adults as well.
making the public recommend the book, and it having positive outcome on the press is the best an author can ask for
therefore i believe that there should not be censored books in a library, and parents should have the right to ask for them to be removed.
all sorts of individuals walk into a library and look around.
i read an article the other day about computer usage in .
i think that their should be rooms were certain adult books are at.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was the love your home and all of the people around it.
the mood of this story is happy.
i think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating false personas, and offering no physical gain.
these are a few things you should consider when choosing a side on this debate.
to the editor of the , i am writing to state my opinion as to whether computers benefit or harm society.
you can learn a lot of new things about other countries.
taking those books off the shelves is basically telling the authors that they are not aloud to write about what they want and publish it.
i mean you can read about history, world news and you can research many different topics.
although these are all underlying problems in the censorship system, it seems to all lead back to the parents.
the computer could also be useful for planning a vacation.
the most talked about feature in the environment was the lack of water.
also how there was always music that was like an endless celebration.
during the whole memoir, the designer is happy.
if i had to say what mood this author created i would say happiness.
the invention of computers have change our world in a positive way.
, in the computers have help man kinds.
can be more opinionated, mature, and controversial.
its not only kids either that are affected, adults also are affected by the media.
as i mentioned before the computer is beneficial to our education.
studies show that out of students have computers at home and that person without computer access gets about of a lower grade because of poor research ability on projects.
will effect their life in some way.
society was different then.
tumble weeds crossed past him and there was no water in sight that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
another great thing about computers is that whenever people need information or details on any place or things have can count on the internet to help them out.
today many jobs in due using a computer, and technology is getting mom advanced.
so having it for a job is great.
computers are just plain bad.
but is it good for you?
lastly computers is helping us giving very specific directions, rather than figuring out a map.
this is a quick and easy fix.
not only will you get information on the place you can also get directions.
the mood the author created is very grateful.
no opinion or view is right or wrong.
also its not always about what the library displays, but also about the parents who let their kids read things they are not supposed to read.
it would be all the more reason for him to give up.
three out four adults who used computers say that they help them with their work and social status.
you should have all the materials that a child should be interested in.
it is of home and family.
dear , computers are necessary and benefit our community.
the memories the hibiscus bring back are also very sad.
finally, there are many online games that are very useful.
some feel that reading a book about there problem will help them get through what ever problem they are having.
playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer.
for example email and is a way to communicate.
that he was thirsty and had holes.
happy because he loved his family, his culture, and his home.
the mood the author creates in this memoir is gratitude.
your getting exercise & exploring nature too.
they want to do the same thing you do, so they copy you.
will see the magazine as an opportunity.
we know the roads rough when he says, large highway signs dumped out at me.
a good book is healthy.
those books and things is not very bad they actually help.
not only can we use computers to make contact with our families,but we can also use them to speak with our teachers.
they should be mature enough to get through a book that has name calling and uses the profanity without laughing or taking it offensive.
, who had just moved to my school, looked bold and confident.
without bursting into tears.
my cousins each go on the computer hours a day.
the next day she is on happy you are connected.
explicit movies and music are very bad with seeking to understand.
you need to change something for a paper, it will be a quicker than having to rewrite the whole paper over.
you can also make graphs on the computer.
my first reason is freedom of speech.
but what can you do about that?
i am sorry, the world does not revolve solely around you and me.
lastly, computers increase your skills when it comes to technology.
one of my good friends is a natural blonde and she is probably the smartest blonde i have ever met.
do you like computers?
we should have the right to read, listen, and watch what we enjoy, but younger children or other age groups should be monitored.
computers, computers, computers, its all we hear about today.
of will agree they spend at least hours a day on their computer.
they have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles.
parents would love to see their kids move.
censorship is a big part of a lot of things at the library.
you learn from your mistakes, they say.
computers effect us in a very good way and they change our every day lives, children these days cannot type.
books for everyone.
but most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done.
there is no such thing as a perfect world, i believe if there was people would go crazy.
my eyes stink when i am on the computer for half an hour.
is a form of where someone can chat or instant message someone and hurt their feelings.
but people can also contribute at individual level by planting trees and preventing denudation of vegetable cover.
censoring books, magazines, movies, etc and what goes onto the shelves are mostly for enjoyment or informational.
the author, , uses many curses in the dialogue between characters.
fact is that the library is a place where a person should be able to get knowledge, no matter what type of information.
many people might not even know it yet but computer can turn on you and really ruin your life.
some stories are there for our entertainment, some catch our emotions, and some our there for our knowledge.
so when he tries to memorize a part of the , he cannot retain what he has been reading.
there were not many structures on the way.
the thankful mood he displays makes the story more meaningful.
how the features of the setting affects the cyclist is the condition of the roads, rolling hill, and the??
but i think that need to cut down on the use of electronics.
the mood of this memoir is grateful and content.
many people young & old are starting to use the computer to be social with friends & family members through various types of websites & programs.
luckily he had faith and determined so he got through it and learned a lesion.
he told me to look to my left.
the sad truth is that too many people are wasting their time inside on their computers, rather than enjoying the day.
is it offensive?
here in , it is in our constitution that says anyone can have freedom of speech.
and i understand how some people are more likely to be offended because of say their sexuality or ethnicity.
for example, people die of.
this ensures that kids can not check out bad or offensive materials without parental consent.
censorship of books based on the content should not be allowed in libraries.
when all they have to do is do not get the book, think that others might like it, or remember they are there for the readers entertainment.
the first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills.
i was in grade school when i fell in love with the show, ' .'
there are many people that now have the ability to get a online education because of problem that they have.
she takes us to school and brings back from the school.
he is a man of noble ideals.
we have the technology, why not use it?
without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman.
my friends say computers are one the best technology because the internet can help a lot things like if you have research paper.
college students, teachers, and students from all over the world need a library with these kinds of books, movies, music, and magazines.
the author was running out of water throughout the whole story.
dear local newspaper, did you know that just about of the people in the have computers and use them daily.
the snow melting, the geese returning, and the hibiscus budding all indicate a time of rebirth and new beginnings.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around.
my friend just get a computer for her office.
a reason the author ended the story that way is to leave you, with mixed emotions.
computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake.
and she will take it again during the spring when the hibiscus blooms once again.
libraries are not there to stop things from reaching little kids' ears but to provide any knowledge a man needs.
with censorship one can not fully express there self or opinion.
this has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain.
lets just say someone asks you who was the president of the where would you go to find that answer?
i think it should be the libraries choice to either put the book on the shelf or to take it down.
i agree with kids and adults not having time enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
this can cause other kids to have a low self esteem, and cause dangerous events in the future.
if all of the offensive books got removed from the shelves at libraries then nobody could be getting there work done.
the answer to solving this problem to me is black and white, children should just not pick up those types of materials end of case
she described her parents well enough to put me in her shoes.
there are kids sections, sections, and even a teenage section.
if someone is offended by these types of entertainment they should not visit that section of the library.
from my personal experiences, i tend to ignore friends and family.
so basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday.
is faraway from us, we see it small.
the kinds of music people listen to.
also, when he was talking about how thankful he was for what his parents sacrificed for him.
we come to know about their habits, customs, and traditions.
every one has the choice.
it makes her feel more at home, and her home makes her feel stranger; makes her joyful and happy after the misery of failing the driving test.
for example, if i was to not go outside for a whole day, and i got to spend my time on the computer i would be miserable.
webcams are a could way also in discussions.
ask yourself if you would react the same way to a person who uses offensive language what should we do then?
it will show that a large part of the earth is covered with seas.
romance novelists use sensual or even sexual experiences to convey something everyone has trembling inside their minds.
it was a very happy visit.
i was eleven years old.
these words set the tone for the rest of the memoir in which love in helping the community are key themes.
well, this is also true for everyday books, movies, magazines or music.
computers can help kids that are in school who want to learn new things.
finally, spending so much time in front of the computer leaves you less time to interact with family and friends.
when ever has a few bad things being said ever effected how or what people read a days.
there are so many great things they can be used for.
what do i think?
you gotta love it!?
sometimes people have sloppy handwriting.
plus he talks about how much his parents sacrificed for him to be happy
you should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer.
my body was years old.
knowledge of suicide is also something i think should be available.
when a person is on the internet, there is no limitation to him or her.
some people beg to differ and believe spending not less time on the computer can contribute to lack of physical activity.
i would rather live life than be on a computer.
however, people still think computers are good.
they could easily go to play and talk with family and friends if they wanted to.
computers have a negative effect on people.
read the following to know just how important computers really are.
this implies nature comforts her.
picture for yourself you, as a year old child sitting in front of one of the greatest philosophers of history, .
i have actually had a real life situation were this has been a conflict.
picture yourself walking through the library with your child.
my garden is very dear to me.
there is many benefits to owning a computer.
like i said before it is super hard to imagine a day without a computer, i mean how would we communicate or do our work?
some parents not agree with some of the material.
dear , people have computers in there house hold but they disagrees with a computer can help you.
a library has the tendency to be known as boring or a very plain place.
why would you ever censor anything in a library?
so its pretty much a lazy distraction.
the internet is useful in many ways and can help you with your every day life.
as you can see now, computers are great influence to our lifestyle.
this tells us everyone in the neighborhood is nice.
i think the books should stay on the shelves.
last reason of why i think computers are useful is that they help you get a hold of family and friends.
in conclusion this is the mood the author is giving.
also sometimes its a little dangerous to put your last name.
dear i think that computer have bad effects on people.
this is why an age limit would be helpful in keeping our youth modest.
computers are very great to have around.
if you think that something is too bad for eyes of other people then so be it.
good, because people start to read better after reading a lot, and bad because a lot of people dislike to read.
he is also effected by the things that come with the change in terrain.
the author is relating to that when the geese are ready, they will come back, when the flower is ready it will begin bud and grow.
i showed her what the book was called, ' '.
i think are very helpful because you can use them for emailing, working, and school work.
despite the pain or irritation this is a type of learning i would welcome in libraries.
all over the universe people agree or disagree with what i have to say but its your perspective and what you think about it is your choice.
the average kid could learn more in an hour with a computer than they would whole day at school.
it is quicker easier and that is why of finish their taxes online.
sue to computers, many people are family and friends.
i think all these things affect him.
his holidays and leisure hours are very few.
in conclusion the society is at a sad state with how much they rely on computers.
the heat in the story drives the cyclist into a dying thirst.
no one likes to be told what they can and can not do.
it makes you stronger.
so we wait for the postman eagerly.
use a translator.
but you need to build a strong relationship with your family in order for them to be there for you.
that was how things were back then so, who are we to hide it?
that is the boys mood in the story.
i know when i go i always find my style of music that appeals to me.
i feel that computers have negative affects and they should be gotten rid of completely!
if the road is full of hills, it takes a little more strength to maintain speed.
simply anything could be seen as offensive to anyone.
i can understand why libraries would decide to keep certain books off their shelves.
well they can talk and see each other while on video chat and it will feel like still here.
it can be friends, families, and more.
but is it their decision to say that some things offend people?
it was happier because we know that he could have more life opportunities in .
but if the state had not allowed these books to be taken off of the shelves then we would not have had this problem.
the thought of there being censorship in libraries is quite ridiculous.
they resemble the earth and are aptly called ?terrestrial planets?.
well the libraries just want to make money so they do not care about offensive products.
i find them very fascinating and i love to see what my life could be like if the outcomes of those would have been different.
one experience i can think of that is a good example of this is when i was years old.
i can understand censorship to an extent, but taking books out of a public libraries makes it hard to chose where to draw the line.
there, she saw many flowers that reminded her of home.
i get outside and run so that i will not fall victim to weight.
that is some of the things that can affect the cyclist.
this is hurting people as well as the wildlife around them.
the computer is one of the fastest ways you can learn about current events.
so now i ask you, what do you think
in the local newspaper, they had a chart that showed how many people ruined their eyesight over the years from computers.
yes, books and movies should be censored.
this was great, and i though about how many people could use this to talk to relatives or friends.
lastly, my final reason is the most simplest; enjoy nature explore the outside instead of living on the inside.
his father is very kind and religious.
you disconnect yourself from your family.
another reason to ban censorship in historical events would be because of their importance.
we are promised the freedom of speech as well as press, and in censoring our libraries they would restrict both.
they caused him to become tired and weak and to lose his determination, as well.
first, things posted on the internet are not always true.
some people believe that censored books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries.
also, the computer is bad for people because they will be on the internet all night and get no sleep.
dear news, computers are a great machine to use.
i conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is.
most kids should go out side more for example my friend spent hours a day!
but because he did run out of water it made the effects much worse.
removing material from libraries can cause many things; approval, disapproval, anger, and happiness.
people are spending too much time on their computers and are spending less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
when was the last time you took a bike, went camping, or went to the beach?
that is why, i honestly believe computers do not benefit my community.
most people live meeting other people online.
she left her home, people she loved, and an endless list of memories.
if a child is doing a report about a country in they can go on the computer to find out facts on that country.
computers take the place of exercising for a young boy or girl.
many kids do not do any type of athletic sport.
you can also put all your information online and you not think a lot of when they really do.
as the winter starts fading away and the heat begins to intensify, people pack up their woolens.
i do not think so, those words give power to the book.
if something offensive is found at the library, should it be taken off of the shelves?
my mother got up early in the morning to give milk to the kids before they start screaming.
as a student, i use my computer for my schoolwork.
dear , you ever wonder who really invented the ice cream cone while standing there licking one?
i believe the quote stated above is quite true.
not only that, but what one person finds offensive another can not.
sometimes you will be bored something to do go on computer.
just a normal family whose lives have been changed due to computers.
i know this because in the story, he states that it feels around degrees.
the setting had a huge affect on the cyclist.
censoring at the library can only keep kids away from the books for so long.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
very many people are just too protective.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is lifting.
the cyclist encounters rolling hills, tumbleweeds rattle snakes and ghost towns.
people believe in many different things and like many different things.
i have seen offensive material get into the wrong hands such as kids.
his mother also often eats dinner alone.
if you take out material you never know where it could go or lead someone.
spending too much time on the computer is a horrible disease.
as a result, that book was banned from libraries and schools.
so why should we force others to believe something we think?
might also be sending money by going to the computer and be sending to their family members.
this sentence not only makes the reader happy for him, but they can see unity in his family.
it will be easier to complete the drivers test in spring.
the mood created by the author was happy, the love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which i am eternally grateful).
when parents read these things today they feel these items are inappropriate versus when they were teenagers they felt it was appropriate.
with the new year in offing, christmas sets in high spirits for the festive mood.
i never would have though it would have been that bad because of its rating.
the computer does effect how people exercise i know what you are.
finally, i would like to get on some of the movies they let people check out.
you will get bad grades in school.
the last thing that is subjected to rather extreme censorship is books.
you can go on your computer and talk with other people without spending money to travel there.
if all libraries had more restrictions, it would be better off for everyone.
there are fore my parents love him very much.
i think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others.
it gave me a feeling of perseverance and to not stop striving for what you believe in.
they see pictures and everybody knows that seeing the real thing is way, way better than looking at a picture.
he can feel angry, happy, sad or scared and he can start to think about his own death.
people under should also be restrained from looking through these materials.
i think every should be like this, it would help make the world a better place
some restrict their child from such material, but i would call that depriving a child of there freedom.
they would probably act friendly to get the kid comfortable then they would end up kidnapping them.
then he becomes happy when he finds the bait shop an finds water.
he has a small garden where he grows some fruits.
it was amazing that through all this, the cyclist was able to reach a small fishing camp where he is quickly replenished.
however, these books, who many find offensive, could also be beneficial to its readers.
for example, in fifth grade i did a research project on .
distant relatives can talk and share picture with one another to keep in touch.
if that person wants to keep away from the material and keep their kids from seeing or listening to that material, they are able to do that.
the author noticed the terrain changing, flat road.
computers are great for keeping in touch, it also wont cost you a lot for long distance, like phones would.
you could also play board games, hide and seek, etc.
the answer is yes they should be different.
they eat lots of food.
is one of many lucky people that has had this happen to them.
the small engine ran on the narrow rail tracks.
this is a little bit about what i think of this letter.
after she failed the test she bought the flower.
without the computer you would have to visit not knowing what shot to take for sickness they have.
it tells them stories that cannot happen, past events they did not live through, and even the thoughts of others.
this depression needs to stop.
the web site listed above can really make you forget about reality.
in my opinion, there is so much to gain and learn from a computer.
i could sure use your help because these are some really long lists.
about the other films?
magazines are a different subject.
to conclude i think that computers have lots of effects on people.
helps the kids work faster so they can spend more time outside or hanging out with their friends.
i love swimming better than going on the computer.
for example a person of higher authority find a particular book, magazine, or movie inappropriate due to their values and beliefs.
there should be a limit on the censorship.
in other words, she is very happy in life now and has changed from this experience she has gone through.
just as much as putting ' ' into the adults section.
i now wish only to be a great scholar.
nothing is causing obesity in them computer.
they had left friends, family, jobs and their country that they had loved.
in the story there are many affects the cyclist deals with.
without the internet.
i think that censorship deals with an age group and the permission of the parent(s) or guardian(s).
also of adults staying is good.
but there was a child in my class who had never seen a in her life.
computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems.
anyway you think about the computer is a good thing to invest in.
people should know to not get a book read about the offensive stuff without stopping then go complain.
dear local newspaper, you know, people are starting to buy and own computers.
some people say that you learn different cultures and interact with new people everyday.
it would'n be fair if it was all up to me because the person next to me might not think the way i am.
computers can mess up your relationships with family and friends.
he says the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
it is a step up from talking on the phone.
you should always keep in touch with friends.
many people do this in their spare time to try and set up a reunion with people that you know in middle school through college.
the computer is a very enhanced tool to enrich ones life.
also another thing is it gives us the ability to learn about it and surf the web.
that is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good college.
the sight of the boy with a refreshing glass of juice makes the cyclist lose hope and he doubts he will survive.
i wrote the beginning it and my hand started to cramp up.
it gives education to not only children, but adults as well.
are many different types of books and music out and censoring these would greatly limit the variety.
why would you want to stare at a screen all day when you could be having this much fun?
no, these types of things are everywhere.
there is a great noise in the whole building.
the is one of the greatest countries ever to exist, yet we are too lazy to decide what we are exposed to in our everyday lives?
we should, therefore, select and read good books only.
next, computers allow you to learn about faraway places and people.
the hibiscus is also a symbol of her life.
every newspaper would shut down because they would all be saying the same thing.
everyone has a different opinion or perspective about books.
my last argument for this is a heads up for the parents.
my personal opinion would be that censorship is not necessary.
you use a webcam and talk to anyone you want.
the feature of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
i strongly disagree.
he has been thinking about the problem for years.
i feel that people are devoting themselves to the computer.
instead many people video chat through cameras on the computer.
people depend on computers too much, it can backfire and cause a problem for you.
i like to read subjects such as murder files, drug bust, biographies, and autobiographies.
the author of this memoir created many moods.
therefore, they inspire us.
most people who are and again.
but there also can be things that you do want them to read.
it has very useful for short distances.
yet again, our next and final issue.
some elder people were sitting on the other side.
i know i would not just for my kids but for other children also
childhood is really the golden period of one’s life.
censoring a book is like putting a limit on human imagination.
things that are offensive to some people are very interesting to others so keep everything on the shelves.
today, computers allow us to communicate with one another, access the millions of websites on the internet and help with school work.
is fun, you play games, go on internet, watch videos, and check your mail.
in the day described.
schools are the backbone of society.
people have extremely different views on censorship throughout the world.
library, the facts are in the name.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
he has got good health.
the authors said he will never forget his own family.
chat rooms are commonly used by kids as well as adults.
this could cause even more conflicts between religious parties, and in turn anything religious would be banned all together.
since the are just as equal to everyone else.
many different characteristics in a setting and determine the outcome of an event there.
every book has a different plot and a different moral.
use but you would need and it.
computers give the power for children to learn.
i find a lot of people to say things that offend me, but that does not mean that i have the right to make them stop talking.
there were many shops in a row.
this setting also establishes a happy sort of mood.
what do you think about it?
so having music at libraries is just giving them a free way to get it.
that being said is it wrong or right for someone to want something offensive to removed from the shelves?
we reached the railway station.
this means the cyclist is going to put forth more energy to make it up these hills.
these are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday.
censorship is a wonderful thing to have in libraries.
this providing stories for all, and protecting small children from magazines such as .
dear trained reader, !
i have many friends in school with whom i play during my lunch break.
i know i do!
as he passes a snake, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
the computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives.
next, he came across a fork in the road which was troubling to him.
it is all a matter of opinion.
without computers, you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers, people just drive their families away.
our librarian is a very nice lady.
was very happy about his parents, most of all.
for example, some websites are bad websites that say mean things about other people.
if we are getting rid of art should we remove people too?
this can teach the younger kids what is wrong and right, as well let them be aware of what life is about.
the features cause him to consider he die soon, as well as present a variety of challenges to him.
although there are people who think computers are good for you, others could say different.
in this memoir author makes the mood happy.
lastly, computers give us the chance to express our ideas like never before.
it is fun because you are not bored.
communication is very important in everyday life.
even some books that include magic and fiction have been expelled from some societies, simply because of certain religions and cultural backgrounds.
i feel energetic for the whole day.
the author created a very positive and optimistic mood in the memoir.
if one was taken from the shelf because of offending someone then more and more materials would be taken away form society.
the books in libraries across the that have found and profane ideas in them, is one of the direct faults in our teenagers today.
reading is very important for kids these days.
we, as a society, do not want our youth to hear the nasty words in some of the rap songs that are released.
she also explains her past with such detail and care.
you can also learn sports and games.
raped in websites such as , , and many other dangerous websites.
like, which country is which.
then there is stuff that nobody should listen to, or for that matter even sing about like almost all music.
but it is also one of the many distractions.
out the memoir you really start to see the authors opinion of the definition of home and family.
in our community library in , we have magazines, in which case these magazines are very graphic.
my final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all boils down to the people running the library.
censorship takes away all of those wonderful qualities from people.
a way you can find out with your family come from is use a website to find where your family comes from.
first of all, computers are pretty much how people keep in touch.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that the aspect of computers and their influence on people has been brought up.
there once was a young girl, fourteen or fifteen, who loved to read and listen to music.
some of the greatest inspiration comes from music.
therefore, it is better to have good health.
computers are bad for the people of the world, they take our money, our health and the minds of our children.
so, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things.
the mood that this author set was that of love and compassion, and he did a very good job of explaining what his childhood home meant to him.
computers make research easier to find, and they organize data well and quickly.
we go to school by bus.
not only are you getting good benefits on the outdoors but so is your partner.
she want disappoint her mother and she wont be broken down by her memories.
computers can be used just for fun too.
but if a child is not taught that those things have bad effects they will learn the hard way.
with a computer you can easily look things up without wasting time or being stressed out by having to look for something.
these games can teach us many skills.
their is just so much amount of time you can be on the computer for and not get bored.
the world is an opinionated place, if it were not we would have nothing.
the author was also very grateful to his parents.
i want to explain to you how i feel about computers personally.
second it helps students with school and homework, and lastly because they help you get a hold of family and friends.
to achieve all these essentials a basic economic independence of all citizen is a must for democracy.
to me, the problem of someone being on the computer too much sounds more like a family problem than a social problem.
and this is only the beginning of what our lives would like without the computer.
how do i know this?
libraries should not remove items from the shelves if they are found offensive.
the people living in villages have no entertainment except the fairs.
its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities.
first i will state why i think the books, or movies, or whatever should be taken off the shelf.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he runs out of water because he is trying to traverse the terrain.
but love branched out into gratitude and hospitality.
with computers being so popular, people are less involved with nature.
that is where the computer can help.
the solution is certainly not to remove what some find offensive for many people will disagree until eternity.
they want to know about everything and they will ask as many questions as they can.
with censorship, authors, directors, singers and other producers are deprived of this right.
these warnings are required!
a lot of people do not like to hear curse words or see them.
my school has a big playground.
i strongly feel as if computers do not benefit society.
everything in life is as rhythmical, as a wave upon wave on the seashore.
first reason is that, what if you had a child and wanted he or she to see the same movie or book you did when you were little?
he had little water, and his area had tough terrains.
in from: home: the blueprints of our lives the author creates a warm and loving mood.
it would be very hard to do that report without a computer.
when you loose your connections and become you will use your computer more and then will become worse.
using a computer helped hand eye coordination.
another good example is movies.
music is not just something you listen to, but its something to help keep you nice and relaxed while you are reading a book.
for example, research and entertainment.
out of all the things that need to be censored the library is not one of them.
if more people cared for nature then global warming would not be an issue.
the heat will speed up the dehydration process so he will need more water to survive.
thanks for your time on reading why i think computers are a big problem here in the .
of all people found out about their job on a computer.
news wide to this very day deals with drugs and teens getting more into them, causing an overdose that could lead to death.
this point we need to embrace everyone else for who they are and what they believe because there is nothing we can do to change those beliefs.
next time you turn on that laptop, think.
even in a car the desert can be a very despairing place.
you even get poor vision from a computer.
so therefore, libraries should not remove books or any other items from the shelf.
what books will be left?
so why not have it in the books, and movies?
not go and try to get it shut down.
i also feel that these types of media should remain on the shelves because of learning and educational purposes.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him ???
they could have never used one before, but then they learned how easy it was.
bye for now.
it sounds as if he is struggling very hard to keep going without water and a clue about where he is.
take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books.
keep the books that are on library shelves now for many generations to come and enjoy for themselves
many things in the setting affect the cyclist.
the growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, rather an achievement in technology enhancing the lives of others.
easy as that.
each parent has different values and standards for their child.
is noting wrong with that.
it symbolizes togetherness and coming together as a family.
the overall mood of this excerpt from the book home: the blueprints of our lives by is of love and gratitude.
everybody should have their right to what ever it is that they read or like to watch.
it not have been perfect but he managed to find the good parts.
at times, computers could distract you.
you can easily fine information any subject you want, or find the name of that song you just heard on the using your computer.
the cyclist had very little water and had to conserve it in order too stay active and have energy.
music is for the most part like a book, just using a different one of your senses.
some would say yes to this and others would say no.
so if everyone of it have a effect on if to turn off their computers they would spent more time with friend and family.
i think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info.
music can make you think about what your life has been throw or miss the person that has died because they listen to that one song so much.
last reason is that it tells us that she is and will be doing her best.
that is why the parents should be in charge of what their children read.
for other people though, the story is much different.
they keep you in touch with family, help you do work for school, also allow you to play video games and look up music.
first computers allow you to talk online with friends and family.
but it didn’t seem of many challenges to the man in front.
he was doubting that he could make it alive.
loves online games, and he wins almost of the time.
that they themselves have purchased to get.
so please make sure you try to spend time with your family.
with five kids and one laptop who would want to be happy.
for movies, music, and magazines, there are already limitations on how old you have to be to buy or rent them.
allow the adults to censor what should be censored in their families
your friend that moved away, you can send her a message and get back in touch.
your able to communicate with people all over the world.
this technology can help you more than it can hurt you.
of how things use to be before white and colored people were treated the same.
my dog guards the house like a watchman.
i remember the first time i tried to use the it difficult but as i tried more i got better.
computers are good for people who use them to learn about the world.
two computers are good for you.
computers allow you to open up the to all people.
with the a stuff i gave you it helps you see the out look on stuff that is offensive on the shelves
many of the books banned have important lessons that can be obtained through reading it.
books, magazines, movies, and music are created with a huge diversity.
in conclusion, computers are an incredible piece of equipment that should be valued and not taken away.
rather than just getting rid of it all together.
also if a student is looking for a job in their local area they look on the internet for jobs needing employees.
local research show that of planning their vocation use the internet.
we all use them for communication, entertainment, and knowledge.
not everyone is reading a book about rainbows, and unicorns.
in other words nature is very nice and you should set out and enjoy it.
i believe that everyone should have the option of finding the book or movie of their choice.
our country has hit an economical low, and this is caused by the youth not taking life seriously.
bring out on the beach, hiking in the woods or even just sitting on the swing in your backyard can be the most.
with computers you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will stay on your computer forever.
if you feel like you do not know many interesting subjects like a culture of some sort or something that you heard your computer can tell you.
this would not be fair to the people who wrote the books and to those who like them.
parents just need to be aware that once the kids are older, they will make the choices on their own.
censorship takes away from the enjoyment of reading.
another thing in the setting was the building.
by doing this we can learn what life is like for them.
he is found everywhere in his uniform.
the snake charmer was clad in dirty kurta and pyjama.
they also have learning games on test prep fun where you can play games to help you do well on your such as comprehension clinic.
the cyclist then came to a huge hill and, using his last bit of energy, rode down.
this affected the author mentally, making him remember he had no water.
like me, many kids have family across the ocean or just across the country, either way, contacting them is tough.
there i was, shuffling my way through the library, finding the perfect books to check out.
the meaning of the last paragraph is that time will help her adjust to where she is now living.
when surrounded by new digital age.
this would be useful to them because since they could not hear what people say they can read what people say through the internet.
dancing is exercise and adults do say we need more exercise.
in the story it says, when she got to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal gently.
and moving the to the back closet.
the author uses this paragraph because it works perfectly as an end.
people in the workplace are distracted two.
or at least your children have.
if someone has just been rushed to the hospital for an emergency, computers will be used to monitor that person.
for example, i remember when i got into trouble with my parents and they look the computer away from me.
many people had , or at home as they them.
this cyclist is low on water in the desert and in the desert with no water that could be a very bad thing.
the terrain that a cyclist is riding on has a big affect on them.
next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
people say advances in technology believe that computers have an effect on people in such a way of saying.
for these reasons computers are what benefits society most.
when computers and other technologies are available there is much less of a chance that you will actually interact with family and friends.
the rate of people getting addicted on the internet is increasing as well.
however, i think the main ones are to keep in touch with friends and family, to use the computer for educational purposes, and for entertainment.
many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
eighth grade teacher.
the main setting was that he was riding his bike in the desert.
i conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
if you are a responsible person then you are fine.
materials such as books, music, movies, and magazines are used for peoples enjoyment.
so you mostly spend about $ or $ as fix it.
first off, computers have caused the world a decrease in exercise.
my father is not a rich man.
the of was created to insure that the government could not attempt to control what they had no right to control.
its all over the web an etc.
the third thing is movies.
well its true and computers are a great source .
musicians also play music of course.
other people might enjoy that book.
on the computer there is a lot of information about people, places, thing, and anything you want to know.
i hardly ever see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are far more entertaining then being with your friends and family.
that any person finds offensive.
it sounds simple enough but people need to take action and start to do something about it.
most people know how old they are and what kind of books they should read.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places around the world.
in conclusion, the mood of being welcomed is portrayed strongly throughout the memoir, especially when he is describing his home
who cares if someone is black or white?
i believe that computers have good effects on people.
i would go on the computer and get all the information i need.
and how important family, and friends are.
books that are found inappropriate to children or even teenagers should be reconsidered to be removed off shelves that are exposed to children or teenagers.
there is several book in the library that young children should read.
in my opinion, the computers could make that room a little smaller.
by doing so, it teaches hand eye coordination.
minor adjustments can be made so that people can be allowed to read, listen, or watch.
more people should see computers as a positive effect on people.
the hot weather was another factor that affected the author, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state.
if a reader chooses to read a book that was marked with offensive content, they would have no right to get upset.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful, happy.
is very grateful throughout the memoir.
he started to run out of water because it was so hot and humid.
besides, water is a must for agricultural purposes.
dear local newspaper, i think computers are great sources.
the setting affects the narrator both physically and mentally.
i do not think we should deny anyone that freedom.
this could effect peoples education and reading skills.
computers are the greatest tool mankind has.
also should be socializing with friend.
for example, the hibiscus flower gives her determination because it reminds her of home.
if you are looking at this story and thinking that would never happen to me, your wrong.
for many kids, no matter what age, they only rent books from a library for two main reasons: pleasure and projects.
for example, the author wrote over one long, crippling hill, a building come into view.
if you go on a family trip each year to the sum.
reading is what keeps us strong, entertained, and those who know the past are not likely to repeat it, unless books are gone.
children all around the world find themselves wandering through the library every day.
another part of the setting that affects the cyclist is when he gets even some of the hills he gets a little bit of the wind.
by ending the story with this quote, it suggest that the author still has hope of adapting to her new home.
i prefer to talk with my friends eye to eye however if you cannot do that a computer is a perfect alternative.
the mood created in the memoir is happiness and gratitude.
as for adults, their movies and books should be censored too.
it was dry and hot and he had no water.
computers are a very useful piece of technology because people use computers for paying bills, jobs and more.
after that, my father bade goodbye to the principal and went away.
computers help a lot in school, while helping us learn so much more.
my family being immigrants from another country my family.
i asked my dad i could use the computer.
but not traveling by an over crowded bus.
my elder sister also attended school and i was admitted to the same school.
sometimes what children read, they will say it or they will do it.
the setting affected the cyclist physically and mentally.
now, to parents with children.
computers make life so much easier.
one obvious reason for this evil is illiteracy, poverty and unemployment.
the cyclist then began puzzled and distraught.
in conclusion, the more you stick with your friends and stay away from the computer the better you will be.
why should this freedom not apply to books?
the features of the setting affects the cyclist by him dehydrating and running out of time and energy.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of he setting affect how the author feels.
friends will talk to each other endlessly through , but have no words for each other when they meet face to face.
you could be improving your coordination and not even know it!
also the books and movies for adults are different than children books and movies.
that is how the author sets the mood.
that is all i am going to tell you.
how about music, or magazines?
how would you feel?
imagine my joy and pride when i was able to row the boat and keep it on course.
you could send a letter with the touch of a button with out having to make a trip down to the post office and await a reply.
i firmly believe that computers are necessary in our society.
people are spending less time with their health and exercising advance in technology.
is it something that creates negative attention?
just the endlessly bleak landscapes also played a roll in the cyclist feelings.
the movies even have something to do with it to, because it all the movies are together kids to adults movies.
some kids like listening to music while reading.
computers are also a part of my everyday life, because i have to use it to do research for school or typing up an paper.
this is why i think that the author finished with that paragraph to get his message across.
i know you certainly will agree.
you can also figure out how to spell a big word.
we develop good qualities.
i love your hair today.
today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that, censorship.
its a happy mood, showing memory.
another reason why i believe books should not be censored is because without offensive books, we would never learn from terrible mistakes.
the features of the desert changed the way the speaker thought about his journey.
there are also books about politics.
what they are told on the television is thought of to be factual, and that is what they do all day.
but are books.
people who support computer usage might say.
in the evening, i play cricket in the park with my friends.
in my opinion i think that computers help people.
the last paragraph proves that she was strong enough to move past her hardships and move on
they can do anything.
a library is a place that brings all sorts of people together.
no library wants to hold books, music, movies, or magazines that have been reported by their community and nobody wants it.
computers also help kids spell better.
and your culture.
the cyclist is lost, has only found dirty water, and is moving on rough ground.
censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the fact of so many opinions being conveyed through all the new medias in the modern world.
most importantly, computers ruin many relationships with friends and family.
they relax and entertain themselves in their own way.
everyone has a favorite book.
the computer would alert the doctors.
those are some examples of the setting affecting the cyclist.
one of the most difficult questions about censorship is the matter of what should be censored and what should not.
in the memoir, , from home: the blueprints of our lives, the author created a mood for .
they are telling you where the parents are from and when they moved here.
i know i do instead of being home on the computer.
some say your not exercising or nothing so you get too fat, or too skinny and your not healthy at all.
a study made by students at shows that the chances of developing arthritis by the time you are dropped almost in people that use computers often.
the last mood i thought was happy.
maybe there might also be some pretty terrible things said in the book
you hear jokes that are offensive but that is all that it is a joke and it is not to be taken seriously.
this allows us to change our own culture by getting inspired from others.
perhaps getting people into trouble in with ?
at school we use computers all the time.
if you are going to read a book, do not get a book that is offensive.
although those parents that do not approve of this can go to a different library.
all they want to do is go on the computer.
to whom this concern: i heard that people are having a debate to tell whether computers benefit us or are bad for us.
i personally like watching movies or reading books that are thrilling and have some violence in them.
hang with friends, any many shore.
they are an important link between the government and the people.
i do not believe books or any other form of art should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
the author adds the part about the geese leaving because they also have to leave their home.
i go on all the time all the time.
what her parents did for her was incredible and something to learn from.
one book or movie seem offensive to you, but not to another person.
if you loose everything what is the one thing your will always have?
time spent inside on the computer is becoming a problem.
i would get the cooperation of all my staff members.
() reason why i think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because can help you in many things that you need help on.
it would not be fair to anyone in this world if we took out certain books and materials because one person had got offended.
cellphones are a everyday tool, we use them to talk with each other of long distant calls pay?
the overall mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness.
if so, then maybe we should something.
they talk about history, and guns and drugs, and wars and all sorts of other history information.
you can just open a chat window and talk away, just like that.
people have learning, talking, and advances in technology with one click of a mouse.
they show symbolic meaning to the ever changing world as we know it.
if you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in.
there are different favorites, likes, dislikes, and opinions.
a final feature of the setting that affected the cyclist was the temperature.
children should read books that meet their age group.
if it was to happen to one business, then it should happen to every business and in my perspective.
before my school closes for christmas vacations, i give gifts and cards to my friends and teachers.
as you can see there are no sad memories in this memoir and i think that is what gives it such a happy mood.
this shows that he is grateful for all the extended family members he has.
my first reason of why i feel computers have positive effects on people is because they can help develop skills that one has and not realize.
computers can help people learn about news in the world, places and people.
in paragraphs and , he explains the difficult life his parents had moving to .
level rating stops young kids from buying something they are not mature enough for.
i have heard many amazing stories about this.
the going down the hill part was probably easy but the fact that he had no water left was not a good thing.
i understand it really is interesting to learn about people from different countries but their are some cons.
if one is cautious and uses internet safety techniques they can make new friends with common interests through computers.
computers are everywhere you can find one at school, home, a cafe or even on your cell phone.
my first reason is computer teach you hand eye coordination.
i believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people.
some say there should be, some do not.
the something with technology.
i believe materials that are offensive to some people should be permitted from the public library.
throughout the story you could always sense the love and caring she had.
recently, i read a magazine and it had an article in it about people going to meet other people they online.
not only does it make things awkward, but it sends out the wrong message.
now you, can d everything from your computer.
as soon as the recess bell goes, the calm of the school is broken.
so the features were the main reason the cyclist lost hope.
library censorship everyone has their favorite book.
could it be language, graphic scenes, or parts that are just extremely scary?
dear local newspaper, about what the world would be like without computers.
lastly, kids be kids.
second, you can spend a lot more time with your family.
it is very dangerous.
her mother then comes and shares the moment with her.
some people who have friends far away can use a computer to talk to them.
a car was coming at a very high speed.
and that crowd deserves to enjoy every last word.
you could be going to new place around the world.
people that wish to possess these items will find another place to get them besides a public place with families and children.
the local newspaper wants to know my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
authors sometimes conclude a story with a certain paragraph describing an action that will take place in the future.
censoring libraries discourage kids to read even more than they already are discouraged to reading.
now you decide what your views are on censorship in libraries
like one book being taken out because it was about worshiping the devil, or something.
would you want to end up like one of those people, that are in a camp because they are on the computer to much.
when the geese get back.
censorship has been around for a very long time, and will most likely never be fully cut out of any functioning .
they give you access to an amazing amount of information.
when you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look.
also helps us keep in contact with others.
kids could get help with homework online if they are too shy to ask another person.
dear staff, are computers helpful to us regularly?
the man pushed himself and stopped thinking about water.
in my opinion can help so much and would be the right idea to go cheer out today.
no matter what, there will always be a certain situation in which one person in the world will be offended by.
many parents have different standards and what some parents find acceptable for their children appall others.
should be aloud to stay on the shelves of stores and libraries.
also they have fun games and websites which is always a plus.
computers allow people to take online with other people.
another thing is that is some bad persuading such as bad things that you hear or see and you wonder what it would be like to do that stuff.
people are offended by many things every day in life.
also people will have the ability to learn about different states and countries.
that group is still allowed to speak their opinions and takes on that particular material, as well as the people who do agree with the material.
hockey is my favorite game.
if they do not like the item that they picked up, they should take responsibility for their actions, and not blame others for their mistakes.
these actions from parents have caused kids to go mentally insane!
many people say that computer is help them in their every day life.
magazines are a bad thing for teens and children to be looking at and reading.
sometimes it helps show what mood the reader has in the story.
forgot to write down your homework?
so as you can see contacting people through internet is by many people in our world today.
and in any case, you have to know what to do for example.
then the biker listened and he went on down the road.
computers only make doing your work easier and faster.
there are a lot of websites that are educational things on the computer are worth having.
books and movies with adult content in them can also provide insight on what a society should not be like.
so, by behaving well, we can win the hearts of everyone.
also people can hack your computer and you cant find out about and every thing that was on your computer can go around the world.
so what solved my problem?
the days are getting shorter lets live it like.
these are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way.
most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports.
better ways exist than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk.
he would never take the advice of anyone but his map again.
first of all, computer users receive significantly less exercise than those who do not use computers.
dear local newspaper, out of students at say that they spend most of their time on the computer.
in conclusion the mood for this memoir is happy and grateful.
readings is something that we cannot get away from.
they have helped education, reconnecting, and are even at times good for the environment.
the third reason why computers benefit our society is entertainment.
that candy could have been the guest favorite.
this is why the libraries should remove all this books, movies, magazines, and even music!
dear , should certain books be removed because some people think they are inappropriate for their children to see or read?
by going on the computer, i learned all i needed to know and they some.
in a big town or city, there are many post offices and their branches.
before computers were made all people bad was their family.
instead of going to the library and reading through all these books to learn something, you can just go online!
this keeps some from ever learning how to be safe truly, and how to think and believe in their ideals.
with such a high risk of being mislead, the world needs as much information and thought as it can get.
she had friends from high school and college who she ever talked to.
with censorship we eliminate such problems.
certain things are put there for certain people.
the be gets home, boom he is on it until maybe or o'clock in the .
if the libraries took off all material that offended people there would be nothing left.
it is also a great way to plan family trip or to book flights and such.
instead of going on computers.
rather, the decision to take a certain book off of library shelves should come from the opinions of a large group of individuals.
i could just easily go look it up on the computer to see who won which medals.
webcam programs like which you see and talk to each other using a webcam and , where you can find your friends and check how their doing daily.
i believe that if it is on the shelf then anyone can pick it up.
it all depends on the person.
people from all over came and be apart of the family and it was alright with them.
dear newspaper, in think that computers are not good for the society.
they are not so tasty and palatable as mangoes in our country.
once when i was reading a paper on that was making fun of my town that i grew up in.
this topic now poses a question: ' all censorship bad?'
my opinion is that students should be able to choose what they want to read and if it is offensive to them they should stop reading the book.
i can find out what is happening where i live by looking up your newspaper.
thus, like the books, the magazines should also have ratings.
what better way to protect them than by removing their bad influences.
people have feelings, if there going be hurt by something we should enjoy then take them off the shelves.
this can help for future researching, and school purposes.
as a long distance running, i know what the sun will do to you during a hot day.
if not nobody would buy the products.
i also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book.
i personally do not think that anybody should be punished for what is being put on the library shelves, stores, like music for instance.
during the cyclist bike ride the unbearable conditions changed his attitude when he firsts starts the reader can sense frustration because of the old timers and there directions.
in the where eats the apple from the tree and that is why we sin.
these are the descriptions of the mood that is created by the author in the memoir.
computers is the big thing because we need to look up a lot of things online we need computers to test on.
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
it would be keeping the next generations to come from learning everything they possibly could or wanted to.
click on these, and information that is needed is displayed.
computers have been a huge convenience in a persons life by allowing all the information that was once in books to be contained throughout the internet.
the birds flying overhead are headed south for the winter for shelter from the cold.
i do not believe that certain materials (books, movies, and magazines.
of students at say that when assigned or paper or project the first source they use is from the internet.
who be the final judge as to what books be banned?
this could symbolize a decision, which was to go and how it will affect the outcome of his trip, or perhaps the decisions he had already made.
in our society today there is always going to be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes.
more parents need to spend more time with their kids and talk to them about these things.
also creates a sense of pride in his parents and family.
there is also the mental effort of not tipping the bike on the uneven surface.
they tell about how they were born into a simple house.
what can get better than that we can research a famous person google dead people look up pictures.
dear , i believe that computers are not necessary.
but first i want to be educated on where i go.
why put it on the shelves of libraries then?
also, computers keep us updated with events that are happening in the world.
i think that they should show us respect to and let us read and watch movies about the genres of books and movies they take away from us.
everything on the market could probably offend at least a few people in some way, but welcome to the real world.
censorship is just bad in general, people should have the right to make their own decisions on what they want to read or watch.
he had found a water pump.
if you do not have anything what i just said, there is also texting.
moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise.
he this means that he needed water so much and the hill was so big that he needed water.
i have seen some parents who do not really care what their children buy, and i have also seen parents go the other way.
you can tell, thanks to the computer we talk more to his parents than he used to!
instead you can just or email them and you can have a conversation without even looking at a person!
people can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things.
this is why it support the computer.
with the recent earthquakes in and .
the municipality had been caught napping.
they could be all over the internet the next day.
some students rush down the stairs pushing each other to reach the canteen first.
the world a better place to live, when everyone has a level playing field.
all of that set a very happy backdrop for the family.
so if they get in trouble outta class then why do would you teach it or even say it.
however, if there is nothing they know of nearby, they will start to lose hope.
but mostly its good because they sometimes let you have your own business and you get good pay still.
this profession is for those who have the perception to resolve the problem of any situation.
for example when she said, then i will take that test again.
the author loves keeping people in suspense and waiting for an answer.
many parents are becoming upset because they think their children are viewing things that they should not.
i am pretty sure that is clear with this audience.
lets face it, the world is relying more and more on technology and computers.
it was refreshing to go out in the cool air.
there are many types of music out in the real world.
so in all the setting is hot abandoned and theirs no water source, so the cyclist is being affected by all of this
another example is that in school kids have a choice of what electives the want to take.
of course it does.
but i still think everyone has a right to say what it is that they are wanting to say
if we had a library for music, would be easier to narrow down things and find exactly what you are looking for.
about of are overweight or obese.
one case that proves seeing offensive material can lead to violence occurred in a high school.
there was nobody around her to help.
movies on the other hand has a different side of the fence.
if they still have it in your library, then it should have a warning on it or be on a high shelf.
i have the option signing onto something called or email.
computers also let people learn new things.
i think that it is showing new beginning that she will have to go through the next year.
i understand that some teenagers can be offended to drugs or killings, in magazines or books, but some people like reading about that kind of stuff.
music is even worse because children can picture what ever they want to based on what is being said in the lyrics.
allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes.
school libraries and public libraries are completely different places of literate and media content.
the material could have or show some much needed information.
we all have poked fun at people, whether it is to hurt them or just give them a hard time, it can hurt people.
people are different like different things
every area can organise a special play-group and other children should accept their disabled friends and play with them.
its a big world out there and it is not getting any smaller and it is not going anywhere anytime soon.
we need to have faith in our kids that they will do what right.
everything is offensive to someone.
as you can see, those are just a few reasons.
he mixes mortar and lay bricks to build houses, he plasterers the walls and roofs with cement.
boys killing themselves because .
dear , people owner either computers or laptops.
online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen.
computers are not having a negative affect on society.
i also saw their coins and other articles.
after seeing the sign, a snake crosses his path.
it would be as if your trying to control what people should be viewing, listening, reading, etc.
a library not be able to please everyone.
it is a happy ending for somewhat of a sad story.
you have, there are two things you can do in that situation.
a great example is computers.
like if you have to do research on a certain project or subject the computer is the fastest way to get the information you need.
i think that if the material is not taken off of the shelves, then it should at least be marked as offensive.
magazines are also used for different things such as comics, housework, as for ladies makeup, perfume, etc.
they would give up their living space to a friend who was having a hard time.
of sleep ever which lets us make it through school.
are three examples how the cyclist had been affected due to the setting of the story.
thus leading to all the books in a library being unable to be read.
obesity is also a big issue.
every story has a unique style, which appeal to some and not to others.
they were full and she wanted to bake something traditional for them.
if we start taking certain books off shelves of libraries because they include a few controversial things we are violating there natural right.
in books, music, movies, and magazines is a good way to learn new things it is fun and what is better then something fun?
of them are free too.
every sentence, he thanks a specific person for bringing such greatness to his life.
no author writes something and says, 'i hope no one picks this off of the shelf!'
we are sharing household work and always considering for the needs and comforts of each other.
it is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email.
gandhi did not like it.
please heed the following advice.
also gives the change to talk to people with webcams.
learning about things you have never dreamed about learning.
first reason is they give the ability to learn about people and places in the world.
the author was clearly in a struggle against the desert heat.
they save the world and be a hero by day, but authors and producers make sure they include their night life in the story as well.
people were numb to feelings and that could be the outcome of censorship in the libraries around the .
businesses thrive in foreign countries, so we must be able to read some books about them, even if they seem offensive.
he is in a hot place similar to a desert.
but its not up to me they need to take a survey on the moms and dads of these children and see what they think about it.
you also have to watch this movie with an adult.
usually, this game requires very tall players.
for example, she comes across this flower that reminds her of the time she spent in her homeland.
do you want to be thought of as and ?
that is why she concludes the story that way.
after he came to the first town and there was no water, he rode on.
also, growing up made him proud because he came up not having a lot, to being a famous fashion designer.
so, why use them?
movies are rated for a reason, to give the viewers an age group for which the movie is appropriate.
and its not just for young people to fool around with friends but adults use social network too.
censorship allows certain books to be removed from the shelves of a library if a certain person finds the book to be offensive.
i this setting he used up his water and it was hot.
listen to the music you like, watch the movies you like, and read the books and magazines you enjoy.
libraries are our way of knowing what has happened in the past whether it is all fact or maybe fiction.
this is because she types and researches information all day long.
kids also get a ton of homework and computers are very important for it.
then there was the abandon juice building where they made juice.
in the memoir of , the author shows a lot of mood throughout the story.
if i had to bicycle for a long period of time, i would much rather have a smooth road so i could renew my energy.
just because certain books, movies, and magazines are deemed offensive to some, does not mean they should be banned for all.
man was that a tragedy!
the author wants to show with meaning, that the budding of the hibiscus plant will be symbolic.
every person is different.
the memoir also shows this mood of graciousness for the understandings his parents taught him.
this should be the way to organize the films and magazines as well.
its effecting them.
there for, computers have negative effects on people.
dear readers of the , you imagine life without your computer?
it must be hard not being able to see your loved ones everyday, which is why a computer is very helpful.
the might be so more this lands.
as a parent it is their responsibility to keep track of what their children are being shown.
we as people have the right to learn, read, and expand our minds in whatever way we see right for us.
however the issue will go on, because after all we are all different and have our own opinions.
many people have different views on what is right and wrong.
so as you can see i highly disagree with the overuse of computers.
one reason why you should agree is because computers are like teachers.
there are laws against restricting what a person can or can not view.
there are many different people in the world and they all have different opinions.
the people that they will donate some money to the poor.
the computer has even been the sole purpose for many other ground breaking improvements in technology.
of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen.
i can remember when i started typing, my hands began to naturally find the keys without me having to look at them.
i think this because of three reasons, , it allows people to relax and wind down after a long day of work.
he needed to show with all objections, he could overcome anything.
i eat my snack with my friends and play games with them.
public views are starting to take over the world.
in closing, computers cause a lack in exercise, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends.
first they allow you to chat with friends they allow you to message anytime you want.
it be offensive to you but other people not think the same way.
books published are in the world to teach about history, manners, literature, or they could be made to take you on an advantage.
computers helped people learn things besides racial ways in the past but also about there own culture.
it told me the address the phone number and the name of the manager.
they are useful to every one.
computer dead is a term i call when all we want to do is use the computer.
rappers curse and swear in their music because it is how they voice their opinions and personal experiences.
with little water the setting was not helpful to the cyclist.
if we say stuff right out of the offensive book, we would get in severe trouble.
the cyclist depicted in the essay is greatly effected by his surroundings.
remembers how there was always someone at the dinner table, and usually someone staying with them until they could get back on their feet.
once he reached the final place it was a more occupied setting.
then, the cyclist experiences hilly terrain that sucked the life from his body, especially because he had no water left.
are many different views on censorship, which could effect how people choose what happens in libraries.
i use the computer offer for fun and research.
dear of the , , a majority of the population will use any type of computer at least once a day.
scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school.
be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!
violence is a main topic in newspaper articles.
this shows the reader that no house is a home without happy memories and great lessons learned.
for example, when the cyclist headed from the intense heat, he needed to find a town.
however, it should be categorized so a person could have an idea of what age group it would be most appropriate for.
if he runs out of water, he will die.
they also be a role model which is not always good for some people.
disturbing covers and titles are littered throughout the library.
the first reason we should be able to read what ever we want is because we have the right to.
we need to code books for different ages.
that someone could be an educated person or a high school dropout.
my brother learned swearing from the new & advanced game of .
also its a desert like setting, adding to his thirst.
usually, the intended purpose of the product is not meant to be negative.
also another thing are advertisements.
they will be curious.
the more smart you become overall.
dear newspaper, you turn there is technology.
second, they help people communicate with people from other areas.
the government has the right to control what we partake in, but does that seem fair?
they each have their own purpose and there was a reason for why they were written.
the issue to grapple with is should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy and happy?
they give the news to the whole world.
everybody does not have the same opinion on censorship.
computers also help you learn new things like typing skills.
to wrap it all up, the mood the author created in the memoir was about love and happiness.
be active and stay healthy.
library is a good source for reading books, listening to music, or watching a movie.
if you want to go to the movies or on vacation you can get the movie tickets online.
dear readers' the local newspaper, i am almost certain you interact daily with computer.
he was extremely proud and grateful to his parents to teach him all these.
i think having books that are too offensive should be put in there own bookshelves.
computers have severely cut down on the admiration of nature.
say if you needed help with fractions you can go on a math site it helps you with it.
trees are very important to us.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
we should keep music out so people, like me, who have been inspired, can inspire others.
they can be educational, read for entertainment, or just read to keep you preoccupied.
his determination started to fade because he started to see wide open lands with nothing but tumbleweeds and ridiculously large snakes.
my second reason is to talk on the .
for example, you can search online and they just have pictures food.
if parents can change they way they raise there children i think the world would be a better place.
i have deaf parents, so we always have the captions on in our house.
it could have some things in it that people could find offensive.
he feels happy in this area.
computers do not benefit society today.
without computers, no one would have these skills.
second, you can talk to old friends and keep in touch with new ones.
i believe that the author chose to end with that paragraph because the paragraph represents new beginnings and starting over.
the computer has endless knowledge.
the library is not just there for people to take books and other things it also there so that people can have a comfortable place to learn something.
the open terrain leads to the beating sun which also puts pressure on the cyclist.
the dusty, dry setting has a serious effect on the cycling author.
we will not going to get reed of the books, music, movies, magazines or anything else that we the library has.
why should we have to suffer anymore with uncensored books at the library?
at first, people would think it was a terrible world.
where would we be if there was no books, magazines, or music left?
i have good reason why i think people are on the computer a lot.
with other materials like books, music, and magazines, there is no way to deny access to people to see or read them.
he had to bike many miles, but he only had limited supply of water.
also because of the false information.
for all you know, the magazine could have gotten the young adult or scientist one step closer to finding the cure for cancer.
computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything.
as he rode on, his confidence only faded more.
writing a paragraph essay takes to long, so use your computer to help you out.
for example if someone likes rap but not country that person has a choice to listen to rap and not country.
by saying that one could sense it is a dusty place.
learning so much about the place makes me want to visit there someday.
the same goes with family.
so you will have to wait.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows how everything is changing and adapting to the change.
personal and meaningful conversations sometimes be.
there are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and on your own time which is good if your really busy.
people should be allowed to read whatever type of books they would like, and about anything that interests them.
some people listen to certain types of music to calm their nerves down.
i know from own experience watching dad has came into room, and told me to turn it off.
also some people need their computers for their jobs.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is the main idea of the story.
the question then is, do computers have positive effects on people?
children should say no to drugs and to books that are influencing the opposite.
i need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help.
finally, you can purchase anything with a click of a button.
hope is what makes every obstacle to get over easier and everything to be bearable.
his parents quit their jobs and came over all for him.
they could get into a lot more trouble then they want to get in.
when i was growing up, i loved to watch professional wrestling.
having an endless source of information in your own home.
the internet can millions websites and photo on a wide variety of toys and faster than any other method.
make sure you stay positive & be safe on the computers.
yes, parents believe that having things censored will be better for their children, but children have much more technology and much more access to uncensored music.
well many of us have.
the author does a good job showing the readers how the setting affects the cyclist.
you can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard.
if i found something that was offensive to me i would just ignore it.
their families, friends, and jobs in the country they loved.
how great is that?
if everyone were to take a book they did not like off the shelf then there would be a little selection at the libraries.
work get finished a lot a quicker on the computer so you have more time to do other things like hang out with friends.
instead of running over to the library and wasting your time with a book.
riding hills hard, but ridding hills with our knowing of something good waiting for you on the other side of the hills.
as the seasons went by she discovered the similarities.
there are better entertainment active and will keep us healthy and exercising.
if the library took that mystery book off the shelf, then the library is taking away the experience of another young adult reading it.
so, limit yourself time you spend on the computer.
dear news editors, , my name is , and i would like you to write an article on the effects computers have on people.
in school they will hear verbal arguments and see fights.
i felt very alone and stupid.
ever consider what books get banned from the library?
though he was in a ghost town.
the story with this paragraph symbolizing a new beginning about to take place.
the idea of censoring books and music in our libraries has long been debated.
first of all, the people worshipped the goddess in the kali temple.
a heat stroke can be fatal to anyone, especially those with heart problems.
which would you rather read?
second, they are creating a unsafe environment.
i was born in a hotel kitchen.
in truth, by removing offensive material from our bookshelves there would be no media left.
music can be the same way.
does that sound fair to you?
this lonely scenery takes it if full on the cyclist.
just like how they have an adult and children section.
also, by them having there family with them while in made there moods more positive.
computers have gone from the size of a room to twelve inch flat screen monitors.
i am torn on this topic because i am against censorship, but i am also for it when laws are being broken.
in conclusion, i do believe that this material should be taken off the shelves of public libraries.
books about alcohol are the same way.
people are getting no exercise due to computers.
this is my third reason why children should not we spending more time on computers.
in the novel to a , the author uses many words and descriptions that people find are very offensive.
books are very valuable to most people in the united states.
man has invented his god and prayer to get psychic energy when he is in despair.
instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with real people they sit down and play games and watch music or movies on the computer.
computers are just a money wasting thing that get in your way of life.
and guess what?
the computers let you learn new things and you can search anything you want to know.
that is what i think the mood created by the author was.
this the mood of family.
a library is a place for people of all ages it should not be limited to just one age group.
you can rent movies, music, and books at your pleasure as long as you take care of them.
he eventually got to a bait shop.
my first reason why computers benefit humans rather than hurt them is the knowledge they provide.
computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person.
when i read, watch, or listen to something, i do not think of how offensive it is to me or somebody else.
when he got out an old men asked if he needed directions, the cyclist said no.
who would want to sit back and watch a raciest movie?
first of all he ran out of water because of the heat.
just out of a few broken heartstrings?
the library get in trouble and then again they not
we all have it we just need to start using it.
the features of the setting in this essay affected the cyclist in many ways.
but then i see a person really enjoying their time at the library.
is your choice in the end, but not all people have the same tastes in books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
he is also thankful for his parents love and sacrifice.
fact is, in paragraph , talks about how he kept thanking his parents for everything he had.
but, its not good for you to just drop everything and go to your computer.
since the cyclist is getting worn out he needs to drink more and more water.
no it is not easy to get over ,but these things will make you stronger.
despite what people believe though computers are very good for our daily lives.
lastly computers are get because they allow you to talk to people online.
i that if people want to use computer they can.
being on such sites has taken up time that could be spent in other areas, such as family, friends and school.
she will take the test again and will not give up.
technology holds you back from the real things in life.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that there is an ongoing debate about the issue stating that not everyone agrees that computers benefit society.
do you think computers are good and benefits society or is it bad a rot little kids brains to make their lives horrible for them to live with?
people have the right to say or write whatever they believe.
computers, a topic if you ask me.
some people thrive off of these things!
not only are there websites.
most of the time, you not even know who it is your speaking with.
they should feel safe letting their children look through all the books at the library.
my third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time.
then again it influence them in a fantastic way.
if something is offensive to one person, it be because they have a different background.
so, should libraries completely remove areas of media?
with all of the new devices we have , people can just get their books online.
they are very useful for teens in school for projects, but they benefit adults in many ways too.
it has a skin full of fur and a long tail.
when they should be doing work around and inside the house.
, like most , has quests, with varying difficulties.
my cousin , who is a big time baseball player, used to have trouble catching the when he was younger.
there are some that would agree with my opinion and some that would not.
dear , i think computers are a great tool for everyone if they use it right.
an examination is like a fever.
the first example of this is in they are riding on hills, it makes it much harder for them.
the stores and libraries should set limits on books and ages.
compared to an alcohol addiction, about , or drug addiction, , addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly.
thank you for listening.
and company how make them is making a lot money.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
the created by the is happy, was happy that got to live in and be raised in .
that day i learned one important lesson.
if you take a book off the shelf what is the older person going to read.
so you go to your computer from there.
if the road is also rough, the biker has to work even harder to push the up the hill.
we all have library cards which we carry to school every day.
an ideal teacher is never angry with his students.
even at his first ghost town he just chuckled, checked my water supply, and moved on.
libraries are a place that someone can go to, to learn about something.
the last point i will make is that no information is bad information.
if something causes someone else harm we should not do it.
dolphins love to eat fish.
but when it comes to a nude magazine, all about sex and being naked, that should be in adult stores only.
and, censoring somethings will lead to people wanting other things to be censored, which will leave nothing.
the pebbles that he found helps him out.
they can still be fit but if they go on the computer instead of working off all the.
their child might even have the right to it.
if we cannot let students make such a simple decision as to whether or not to read a book, we are teaching poor life lessons.
were both online one day and i searched his name to see if he had an account.
let us allow our legacy to live on.
the result of this, you ask?
this sentence shows me that is slowly getting used to the new place.
libraries should just stick to the same old same old a section for kids with kid books.
another reason is that you can search anything you need to know.
another reason that the computer and technology are great is because you can get information you need it.
so, it looks like access to a computer made that trip to easier.
what if you had to do a report and you could only use the internet, how would you be able to tell if the information is trustworthy?
so my simple solution is obvious.
everybody should be able to read a book if they want in a library.
in the internet every thing is more easy, i mean all you have to do to learn how it works is to use a keyboard & mouse.
ever since we were little, our young minds have been filled with opinions of others from history and from the present.
one of the most beneficial parts of computers is that you can find out whats happening anywhere in the world.
this is a free country and we have the write to speak and write about whatever we want to get out.
at electronic stores computer games are sold.
obesity in is at an all time high.
why is there so much obesity in the world nowadays?
that is the law, and i believe this is a good thing.
that is why she bought the flowers.
that is one less hour of exercise.
all of these things should be.
i make my own choice to not watch or those kinds of materials.
not only do the schools help students, but also everyday people help as well.
the author considered his neighbors family also, rather than just his parents and brothers and sisters.
how would you do it?
as i mentioned before computers are also pulling families further apart.
the computer allows you to do things without actually encountering their happenings.
if they were to remove these books, adults would then have to find a book online.
when you go to the library, you usually expect a huge selections of books and other materials to choose from.
this is my take on the whole situation.
and when many whites started to find out they begin to question the young man about how he dress and why.
libraries hold many books and movies such as fiction, nonfiction, historical, fantasy, and adventure.
this polluted air makes us fall ill.
in winter the plant is dormant & less colorful, but in the spring the plant shows rebirth through about color in its buds.
my use it when people are hurt and i know some people use it to learn about magazine subscription and other thing to buy.
that is all i am asking for is for you to stand up and back me up in this war on censorship.
aside from that computers make life easier.
they supply sleepers for the railway line.
the features of the setting did not help the cyclist on his trip.
because more they age the more there going to know whats going on in life.
the book i am reading now is about a murder of a young girl.
some of the things that affect the cyclist was the lack of water.
books are our best companions as we never feel alone in the company of books.
finally, computers help us get work done easier.
the author of the story creates a mood to help really emphasize the point of his story.
the next time you are in the library looking for a book ask your self one question is it to offensive to be important.
computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate.
he was in the middle of flat deserts and had no sense of where the part as and where civilization too so he can get some water.
do you think way too many people are on the computer.
in conclusion, computers are useful for things and these are just a few examples.
if this is a library no, but if it is a library, yes.
the most reliable source would be from a book.
censorship definitely has its positives and negatives, but for the most part it is wrong and should not have a role in any library.
also, the less the library contains, the less people go.
bot, people are beginning to replace seeing one another with networking.
some of that material is bad though, but some is good.
not one person has the same morals or values as another.
you get helping other people and being around people you love and who love you.
when she feels more at home is when she will be ready to take the test again.
nine out of schools use computers on a daily basis and their community is still fine.
i firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive.
lyrics can deal with really mature things that should only be heard and understood by adults.
this is why we have public libraries.
this is because we all have to go through some point in school where we find something offensive for example wars, slavery, and politics.
censorship for books?
for example most local newspaper have a website that you can visit.
kids like me that normally have a long rough day at school like to come home and rest with some nice game on the computer.
please do not remove anything from the selves, because it will only do more damage
then, i came across the music.
i do recall listening to music, watching movies and reading magazines and not liking what i was doing at all.
as a result, bonding with her mother erupted, and it brought another day of hope for her future in her new home.
adults need them for their jobs, like sending emails or typing a proposal.
they start to talk and become good friends.
computers affect people in that they help to send out news and stories causing them to want to help people.
why i believe is because there are things that are in these items that hurt people in many ways.
this faster finish can lead to kids not staying up too late.
subjects like history, geography, and social sciences can be better learned through traveling.
racism can cause people to feel very hurt also.
nowadays, people just give out information to random people.
there would be no music to listen to.
also, children should be protected, and that is not censorship.
then people get pulled in.
no one should we withheld from a book due to age, race, gender, or any other factor.
although, some people find books and songs to be offensive, others contribute from these materials.
everything you need to know is in a computer.
i think they are very good to have because you can use them for emailing, jobs, and schoolwork.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
many argue that materials considered offensive are damaging to society, and should not be tolerated.
you can find history on almost everything from the past to the present.
when she is ready she will take the test, is what is being said.
for instance, this year i had a sciences project about how my hobbies interests are related to science.
everyone is going to become offended in their life by the media.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
besides making live communication easier, computers also help to communicate news, weather few weeks ago, the the home was out.
they all are there for a reason.
if anyone violates the rules, and is not in uniform, or makes mischief, he gets punished.
nature provides us with fresh air through plants and trees.
these must be apprehended and taught some craft and made to work.
however, libraries are not forced to keep this content in their libraries across the globe.
also, at in , they limited computer use, and as a result of it, the sports teams there all got losing records.
on the other hand, i got to sit home and watch them have fun.
he then began to feel relieved that he could get water.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
has been a known censored book from the beginning due to its somewhat dark and gloomy aspects at certain points throughout the story.
some materials are and should continue to be censored, but to an extent.
if you do not want your child learning about them do not let them get it.
another reason why i think is if your friend is explaining something to you, that your.
he says over and over that he loved his home when he was a kid and enjoyed hanging with his family.
this lack of water is a big problem for the cyclist, so big that he was near heat stroke.
libraries will be taking knowledge from everyone and ruin the chances for greatness for many people.
people have always said that books can take you anywhere you want.
he can be seen riding a bicycle.
in conclusion, this would be your choice.
often, people will claim certain work to be unjust without understanding the viewpoint of the supposed victim.
libraries have all kinds of amazing different books.
some think that by wasting time on computers, people are using up time that could be spent studying or with family.
they fill our minds with noble thoughts.
the countries of the setting that had the most effect on the cyclist were the deserts and hills.
if you live in , and you want to have a trip to the this deal is really good.
we cam improve just by computer.
especially if it is by their favorite artist.
it does not look so beautiful.
these books are too old for a elementary school age child and maybe even a middle school age child to be reading.
i have notices many teens play cool games on the net.
and its quick.
i talking to people.
but after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her.
people have the choice to read books or not and different views and ideas are good to make things more interesting.
if a song is beautiful and sweet, but contains bad word in it, is it a bad song?
all websites that can stay in contact with your best friends.
also , the cyclist had been hitting his water bottles regularly.
in conclusion i think everyone that likes to look up places, play games, and chat should have a computer.
computers have positive affects in this way.
i remember a time when my father traveled to on business.
computers do benefit are society.
there are always passengers at the bus stops.
on the computer you can read the whole newspaper, and even find out more about things that happen in our world.
many schools are offering typing classes to try and help students.
say a child around the age of is listening to the new ' song.
it can be concluded that people are stubborn for their beliefs, and to have someone choose what everyone is allowed to believe be wrong.
nowadays, the internet is filled with lots of great information and educational site.
he is doing something that be lovers, is heading for a beautiful destination, and has found a short cut to save him hours of time.
this then ends my essay.
gone are the days when girls used to hide behind the four walls of a house.
here are three reasons why, .
they sacrificed leaving their friends and family behind.
along his ride he meets some old but confident men.
although, computers can help people in so many ways, they can also make things worse for people.
if someone is thinking about going to then they would probably go on the internet to learn about .
the computer teaches us how to type, and search on the web and learn about it.
the conditions and features of the setting caused the cyclist to be tired and dehydrated and think that he was going to die from it.
there are websites containing the geography, languages, and traditions of countries waiting for you to learn.
its not worth the trouble for just a book that you could just simply look past and look at other books.
you might think or say that when you are on the computer you cant socialize with family and friends.
his ideas are very different than most.
we gossip about them.
what can the general public do about this?
this is very easy and this way you can stay close to them.
i hope you consider my reasons why computers are very important to society.
have you ever noticed how are crime rate and drug rate has went up in the past few years?
in paragraph it shows that he is thankful.
dear local newspaper, those who do support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
above and beyond all that new technology makes the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees.
just think, without computers people would need to write every paper by hand and we all know that can take hours.
this shows that the plant was not the same because there were also no buds.
and who do sent want to move your doctor happy!
my last and final reason of why computers have a negative effect on children is because it harms your social skills of being on outgoing, talkative individual!
the libraries should not carry the inappropriate magazines.
by looking it up on the computer, you can become an expert on the country!
the setting affected the cyclist mood in the story.
as you know, when you use a computer you usually sit in a chair to do so, correct?
i believe that the children of today should be able to read, and learn the same things that our parents have learned in the past.
in other words, you waste time.
when it is raining outside your parents are at work and you are by yourself and have nothing to do, turn on the computer.
have you ever had your parents go with you and your friends?
in the novel ' ' censorship is one of the main themes of the story.
recently, there been a debate going on between experts about computers.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
no individual can say that material is not suited for the public, because they are not the public.
i have named her birdie.
this summer, i took swimming classes with my friends.
this paragraph is a very significant ending to the story because it represent s symbols in the story.
the setting very much affects the cyclist.
like one reason is when people are on the computer all day long they do not get enough exercise.
the librarian says the book was removed from all public libraries because it was found offensive.
just use your computer keyboard to type and send a message.
another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted material, which is very understandable.
internet use was always available, interaction of online chat.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
the setting of this story greatly affected the cyclist.
dear local newspaper, you imagine a world without computers?
just about everyone using a computer knows of some chat website in witch they use to communicate with any one.
bullying can lead to suicide.
not only do people interact bu people can research useful information.
it symbolizes that spring brings new life and hope.
the first reason why believe computers are good is because many kids in school will need them.
it keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn.
thank you for letter, and i will an article relative to this subject.
he or she is not forced to buy, read, or watch what is offending them.
you would probably agree that communication can be used in negative ways, but communication is keep our world spinning.
if you were to take them out, you would be left with very few, if any books.
there is a reason that libraries are called .
we went inside, it was a giant library.
he ran out quickly.
out of people sold in a survey that they have someone they talk to over the internet.
so you should watch out because the computer is the only place you can lie.
but is it not our actions that follow seeing such misfortunes that determine who we are.
they based their lives on family and happiness inside their home.
since , the amount of adolescent users has shot up .
i think this quote goes along with this topic very well, because the book not mean something to one person but it mean the word to someone else.
this reminds me of last when i went to cousins house.
also now most governments are networked with files on computers.
when he crosses a snake, it suggest even more despair.
many kids even myself would rather be online than read a book or do homework.
this means that the cyclist must conserve water so he can stay hydrated for the trip.
which is yet another reason why advances in computer technology are a bad idea.
you can go on google and type in your projects subject and get over results in a fraction of a second depending on your bandwidth.
yes computers have ways to keep in touch with friends but it is better to or visit in person.
the same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away.
i will never forget how my parents turn the simple house into a home.
the setting of the authors shortcut effected his performance and strength tremendously .
do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much?
the author concludes the story this ways for a few reasons.
it would not be fair or right to remove books from the library
this is ridiculous.
pictures of scientific laboratories where space shuttles are sent to the moon have main component computers.
all these dangerous risks as another negative effect computers have on people.
the majority of movies and books have relevant information, portray events that could take, or have taken, place, and teach valuable lessons.
censorship in libraries could have negative effects on the library.
when i was little, my parents use to tell to go to the library and learn something.
a house consists of roof, walls, doors, and windows.
rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community place.
and in a way thanks his parents for everything.
censoring books, magazines, music, and other media is denying someone the ability so see ideas from all points of view.
being a student, i am commonly curious about what references teachers are making and additional information that is not provided.
many teenagers go and meet someone they met online and end up getting raped or killed.
who knows, maybe if he would have just went with what the map had said, he would have been fine.
in the same way, some people use tiles and others use hay to thatch their roofs.
my uncle takes him for a walk every day.
and depicts the intense heats of the desert.
books should not be censored.
i know more than kids that have glasses now, i also know that over parents i know now have glasses for the same exact reason.
while on the internet you could talk to friends and family who live for away.
he works till evening.
if you want to know why computers are useful, just keep on reading.
also with no water he could pass out & get dehydrated.
there are always an opposing side.
yes i said it they should stay wright where they are.
they showed me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basic of my life.
, these things are weighed down by the negative effects like the online dangers, increasing to reality, and the obesity problems we face.
she realized that things come and go but also change.
school one of many students least favorite activities, yet you can use the internet to help you out, !
i think that the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
i sure would and i think most other people would as well.
would you want to vacation to a place that you know nothing about?
they have improved our society.
this mood is a mix of many things.
our libraries would be emptied, the classrooms would not have books, and the stores would not have anything.
some have never been offended.
there is entertainment for everyone.
do you want that?
there is a banana plant also in my garden.
the time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others.
very many people would not like that book because it shows young boys being savages and killing each other.
they teach us things, entertain us, and are sometimes good pillows, but they can also be bad things.
now i regret not getting together with her to hang out.
thank you for listening.
if you find a book offensive it should be put off into a different section that tells you in head of time what books are in that section.
i think it has a positive affect.
computers can keep friends together and save families from drifting apart.
but computers can be a bad thing.
takes him over terrain not suitable for biking.
the flower reminds her of home, which is comforting after she failed her drivers test.
it said yes, and then it showed me a of information about.
i personally use these websites weekly.
she was observing herself and how different she appeared as well.
how do computers do that?
i think not, for it would be a futile endeavor to even attempt.
the setting is the reason his mood changes through out the story.
this is why i believe libraries should not censor any of their materials.
we need to break those habits of going back to the computer.
they believe that things should not be released if they have a bad subject matter.
and see nature its beauty?
activities can keep people off the computer.
when a person checks out an offensive book, they are doing so because they want to.
but there are all kinds of books that you can pick you have history,poems,dramas,love,scary.
he also provides us with sugarcane, cabbage, cauliflower, beans and many other vegetables and grains.
you want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean.
so i think they should change it around.
i really think he should just do what he thinks is right and not listen to crazy old men anymore.
libraries should take surveys of what everyone wants.
some are humorous, historic, or romantic, however some are offensive in some way.
however, books or any other items can be offensive to people but to others it is just a book to read.
that kid would have nightmares for a week.
it would make things easier to find the book you are wanting to read.
with a computer, typing up the composition would probably take around half the time of writing the composition.
do i believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
they seemed to be quite indifferent to me.
they would teach you how to type and take some lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard.
cultural books and magazines could be offensive to some readers.
the text says, the speed limit was .
another great thing about them is that you can communicate with them.
the cyclist continued on his spirits as well as her water supply going down.
the main mood of the story is clearly thankfulness.
i frequent my computer almost every hour, so i made a system to ensure i got exercise.
he is a middle aged man.
there is a number of impacts these skills can make.
computers should be for important things like searching for jobs and other things.
this passage shows obstacles he had to go through in which he did and made it with a little confidence.
you can go on the computer and chat with friends but not all the time.
the mood created by the author in the memoir are pretty good.
, my name is and i am writing to you because, i want to inform you about the benefits of having computers.
people need exercise to live.
most of these books give a prospective on real life stories and be able to help someone cope and realize that they are not alone.
now that i have gave you convincing arguments about my choice from my own experience.
but many of us will.
there are hundreds of really phenomenal books out there that would be banned, and future people would not be able to enjoy them.
there is no need to even visit a section of the library if one knows that he or she finds it offensive.
if i am late to come home, it waits for me on the roadside.
lastly, computers are helpful ways to keep in touch with family and friends.
the other day, my friends and i wanted to go see a new movie that just came out.
no matter if you have to start all over and doing it again.
there are cursing, smut and in books that for children should not read.
but why do you than you ask, it is because they never some outside.
if you do, then you are wrong.
with a twisted mind and a vocabulary of a little punk with curse words every ten seconds coming out his mouth.
this problem is similar to others around the world.
this is why i am thankful.
some of the movies they put out these days are just horrifying to see.
in opinion, for the music that is more adult you should be at least thirteen years old.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed.
dear , have many debated on whether computers are good or bad.
having computer at home is not good specially to children.
would they just be able to take it off the shelf
you can feel the warmth of the room with the adjectives he uses.
its the best way for people to learn what life is really like.
is thankful that he got the opportunity to grow up in such a great house and community.
if they have life problems then they seek the solitude and privacy of unfiltered and limitless internet.
for example, when my dad got home.
finally, the technology used in computers today allows people to talk to friends from nearly anywhere in the world on a computer.
libraries should not have the right to censor material.
much of what is done on computers, like the study of faraway places, can easily be found in books.
you depend on your computer to teach you about the world, you should cease this use.
there are so many.
sometimes he goes to the chapel or the village square to discuss the village matters.
computers help people talk online with others.
without computers life would be difficult and stressful.
finally people who always play video games on computers begin to lose terms of reality.
so just because i agree with everything i said , are you going to agree with it also?
mother touched my forehead and said i had temperature.
i do not think it should matter weather we have music, movies or magazines in the library.
no one is forcing you to read it or look at it.
later on they feel guilty.
you can see how their doing or what their doing and still have a good time.
yesterday, when i was on the computer i got bored and did some random searching, and in that min.
first thing we should discover is how many people like books, movies, or music like that.
besides some people need to know the truth sometimes in order to understand stuff more clearly.
there are people who enjoy reading about fiction or tacky things in life.
computer let people see pictures and videos.
because now a days all books have something that is bad for our mind.
then lastly just get off, go spend time with your family the computer will always be there.
and it also makes you happy it makes you think about all the fun you and your family has together.
without the services of a postmen, life would be paralyzed to a great extent.
a doctor fights disease and death.
certain words help to better express people and their views.
defeating these monsters and such really helps you in sports.
the reason why the author ends the story with that statement is because when you fail at something you need time to dust yourself off and try again.
i have read many books that have inappropriate words in them.
they can learn about far away places.
please read on to understand my reasons.
these are my three reasons why we should spend less time on computers.
well some features might have more than others and the cyclist might have more than others.
soon, you would have no friends when it comes to being in the social life.
some censorship is good, and a fact of life.
my opinion on this subject is its not right.
some people say that the library is always the best place to find information but i disagree.
parents hard earned money is being wasted away on these extremely expensive computers, they can pay anywhere from !
as you can see the computer can help society.
try to memorize the schedule.
almost everyone in this world reads.
so they can play games with people from around the world using a computer.
the mood that the author has is, and happy.
here in we have the right to say,read, and write what we want,about anybody or anything.
censorship helps prevent people from viewing, listening, or read disturbing images or ideas for certain age groups.
so the experts have no reason to that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families.
the mood of the memoir is very warm, happy and inviting.
these three features are what effects the cyclist the most.
just go to the website and do it online.
this is what i think the mood is in the memoir.
the parenting skills of some parents also reflect on if the children learn the words or not.
if a reader does not agree with what the author is writing or they find it offensive, they should not read the book.
music is the number one entertainment people enjoy.
this cyclist was fighting against strong forces of nature.
i believe that computers are very useful tools for learning and communication, but people today over use that power.
i believe that spending too much time on the computer could be a bad thing.
they get easy money by begging.
compared to real life and nature, there really is no comparison.
censoring is not going to change our society.
children do not deserve the feeling of fear for that long of a time.
dear i believe it is true many people use computers and that many more will use them in the future.
later in the story, she plants the hibiscus outside in the garden with her mother.
that will happen, it is almost natural for it to happen.
the conditions affected the cyclist
in society today, people take things in very many different ways.
priority not too long ago.
finally, i think the computers are great benefits society.
the mood he has while writing the memoir is grateful.
hopefully you can see how a computer can have positive effects on so many people.
party with friends and family.
if these materials are using offensive language or actions to harm or discriminate against that race then they should be taken off of the shelves.
what about the adults?
offensive materials should not be taken out of libraries, these kind of materials should just have rules.
instead of sitting at the computer all people should be out getting exercise.
it also can help children with school homework.
also, it helps them keep track of their company if they go on a vacation.
which would you rather do, type or pages?
again, how could they not be positive.
getting in trouble online is bad because you could get sued or the owner of the website could delete it from your computer.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
one way computers benefit society is, by making it easier for everyone to get information about something.
man does not live by bread alone.
people are addicted to computers because of the games and being able to go on the .
i rely on my computer so much that i would be lost without it and i would get half as much done.
second, people can interact with family and friends online.
some of the things you read and hear about in books are totally unacceptable.
not everyone can go to big so it is easier for them to use an online college.
similarly, censorship limits what people can watch.
also, in the story he says i checked my water supply.
with different writers comes different books.
the world today in the is hardly free.
these games are a great to help people relax, and trust me, everyone needs relaxation.
the games kids play could help them learn more.
we know this by looking back at the text.
your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall.
these are little things we can do to make a change for good
people all over the world are vastly different.
my last reason is that people that sit all day on a computer gain more weight.
you can do things without a computer.
that is just too much.
you could be able to find what college a famous actor went to in a matter of seconds.
too much time on computer.
do you really want to act that way to your family?
it was hard for them but they got by and did a great job.
this is both good and bad.
for example, in political cartoon inside of newspapers, is sometimes compared with a .
it has some what gossip.
first reason is freedom of the press.
they turn people into low life scums and criminals.
this is because if they spend all their time on the computer they can get sick.
there are many people who actually want to read a book but never get chance just because it is censored from library.
adapt to our .
many artists probably feel that they are being placed in a state of seclusion and hatred.
the author uses words such as warm to describe things.
our teachers taught us to be nice and accept that student for who they were and that not everyone is the same.
what they could be doing is enjoying life.
books about drugs are okay to a certain extent, like if they are medicinal drugs.
here is a man who is completely alone except for his bike, the baron landscape and relentless sun.
if books were censored, literature would have an immediate downfall and the quality of learning would not be the same.
in conclusion, this is why the author concluded the story with that phrase.
it is to the community, doing what everyone else is doing and not being different, this scares people.
the setting of the story had affected the bike rider in many way.
dear , i that computers has benefits to society.
this tells that the computer is just good at all.
do you have a kid, a younger friend, or even a younger brother and sister?
the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
by keeping a student away from a book or subject, the person causing the censorship is limiting what that student can learn.
so they will decide whether or not they should have books, magazines, or music removed from the shelves.
this is the last reason why i feel computers are bad.
should not be removed from the shelves just because certain people find them offensive.
also if you have family in a faraway place you will be able to look online and see what is happening there.
all sort of people can be seen at a bus stop.
in front of my house, there is a beautiful lawn.
second, being on a computer makes you stay inside.
it can be found offensive at time.
they also tad addicting but people know when to stop.
so i do not agree with censorship in libraries.
that someone should just look at the other way because a library is for the general public.
by use of the word will, the author shows the girls determination.
no matter what a child or even teenager .
i you to consider my ideas.
a market place.
in stories, author lend them many different ways with many different effects.
now it be the easiest way but also the most boring, i mean really do you want to talk like a robot or with emotion like a person?
also others will be able to view your profile even they are not friends with that person.
this would also help in a way to find your book if you know what type of book it is.
i have observed that most teenagers and even children that read offensive books end up having a behavior that most parents and teachers do not approve of.
without the computer people would not be where they are in life right now.
there are probably hundreds if not thousands of websites on this subject.
she is somewhat hard of hearing.
about half of the people are talking to friends who live in another state.
using the computer, and internet.
dear the , computers are a great piece of technology.
and, as a mature adult, i can.
there are fifty varieties of roses in my garden.
even family and friends suffer when computers are around.
computers make our lives easier.
there were shops of bangles, ready-made garments, toys, and sweets.
thing about his setting that changed was the hills.
are these books you want your children to be reading?
even if there is a book that people agree should be censored, there are people that think the other way.
the landscape changes with the state of water.
i am , i have been playing in for !
this feeling of family definitely helps to make the piece feel warm and happy.
as a child you have nothing but peace.
the setting is active just like the cyclist.
along with that comes the right to have your voice be heard.
will you hide your children from materials that will make them form their own opinions?
people know their limits and if they know the contents then they should stay away.
it gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling about the cooking and music and family and i can relate to that.
do you understand why computers are useful, now?
sometimes when parents try to pull their kids closer they actually push them away.
he is also admiring the things they went through such as leaving behind their families, and careers in the country they loved.
some even tell of what happens when the characters says a bad word and what happens to him if he says it.
do not shun a book because one thing in it offends you, a book is someones dream.
most of the time this happens eventually you will lock yourself in time a darkroom to rest.
i feel if you are reading a book or listening to music and you hear something offensive to you , just turn it off.
where would we be without a computer to help?
if everybody liked the same thing, then let anybody that enters the library remove an offensive item.
when a book from that section is being checked out merely ask for an from the person checking that book out to make sure that they are of age.
they help people, educate, and connect people.
who is to stop someone from taking off books once this processes has started?
the text shows how exhausted he is by the winds eating at him when he dies.
she is obviously upset because the plant reminds her of home.
we just need to embrace the fact that everyone is different, and that is not a joke.
its not because he created the fastest computer ever.
by playing sports you are increasing you hand eye coordination, far more then if you were to be on a computer.
so go get yourself a computer and amazed!
obesity is a huge problem in .
whether you want your kids seeing it or not you just cant do it.
think about all those people who have relationships and what not, it off of computers really do help out.
many people come to a library a day to check out something they will enjoy and have a good time listing, reading, or watching.
lastly, it can have you have a higher position at your job.
on a computer you can interact with others from around the world and make new friends.
now-a-days we do not come across a snake charmer so often in delhi.
keep the books on the shelf for the people that are mature enough to watch, read, or play.
this is what the final paragraph explains to the reader.
nothing should be blocked from the public.
the library should be more strict on the material that the people in the library look at on a day to day basis.
even his meaningless chatter is a source of joy.
as there are bad things there are also good that come from magazine.
computers are a great way to communicate with others.
this is where a problem occurs.
well a lot things are but this happens to online chatters.
also, it has many website, like , or , that let you interact with friends.
they should not be where the kids go and read books or nothing like that.
face it kids even younger find ways to do things that their parents do not want them to do.
it is a choice.
you can use computers to research different things.
the is an example of a controversial book that many people believed to be offensive to their religious beliefs.
he had many visitors.
the flower was too much of a memory.
there are gang stories of terrifying people, such as .
clearly communication is a must have.
my opinion on this is no.
and what they want to do is of the time schoolwork.
i really hope you all take this into account you think about sitting at your computer!
or, you can just use the handy calculator found right on your desktop.
no one person has the right to remove a book from the shelves that they feel is offensive, let alone ban it entirely.
i carried a bag and went to school with my father.
he wrote a paper containing all of his ideas on how the world should function in terms of religion.
the cyclist was sure he was going to die from dehydration or a heatstroke that this terrible ride had caused.
half of uses computer for jobs for money just like my family.
the person does not have his or hers phone.
even though computers are great they do have many negative effects on people who use them.
many people have there own taste in what they like to read, write and do.
people will begin to lose the sense of what is right and what is wrong.
these type of materials have some from inappropriate to disturbing events in the books, but have been distributed to the teen section.
everyone can be offended by something, so if everything was removed that was found to be offensive to someone there would be nothing left.
after i found out what the words meant, i finished my homework in about five minutes.
for example, there is a song by the band .
do you want your children watching or reading something bad that could influence the rest of their lives in a bad way?
then features of the setting had a big effect on the cyclist.
efficiency means not speed.
but that does not mean that i spend my whole life on it like others.
in conclusion i think that people would be more from using computers this is because it is easier to work with.
i have been to many libraries in my life.
people have and always will want, need and desire different things.
it can help keep contact with people to learn about far away places, or even school work.
firstly, computers are full of great advertisements.
they know it will cause a lot of crazy things with the author.
lastly, might nit be active but live playing or going other online websites.
or just shows in general.
kids all over the use the internet to do class projects.
for example your friend live the other side of the globe you an your computer and message so you can still talk to them all the time.
that paragraph sums up the message of determination and overcoming obstacles.
although the hills and road conditions changing the character in the story still gets through his problems with out much worries.
in the it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press.
another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read.
a lot of children use the library.
computers and other gadgets have helped us go farther.
dear newspaper, computers benefit society because they teach people.
they enjoy watching more mature movies because it is more interesting to them than cartoon shows or movies.
anyways of is obese.
but even more importantly, what good is hiding the truth?
if people want to get it they can, but it would be at there own risk.
what if you need to type an essay what do you do then.
a visit to a zoo is an interesting experience.
also the girl wants to overcome her obstacle at a certain time.
our future leaders are already glued to the games, email and instant messaging of the net.
computers also can give you dieting tips and advice from live locals.
he talks about how great it was growing up in his home.
in the book when they use the word it is very powerful and makes you think.
ask yourself this, how would computers have a positive effect in your life?
out of people keep in touch with family or friends online.
the same goes for music, movies, and magazines.
this helps keep our country safe from invasion and war.
they are constantly sending emails, typing proposals and all those things.
another example of this harsh setting is when the water in his bottle feels degrees.
it is basically part of our human nature.
it is changing the way people are and the way they feel they can act around others.
also save your to save the trip out there.
so, to all the people who think that computer help anyone well reasons why computer can help someone.
picture yourself, sitting at your desk, talking to some friends online.
when using your computer you could be working out or exercising, and this causes obesity.
i have use some examples and common sense to show you my point of view on what i think is right or wrong in this situation.
computers are a technological wonder that has a positive effect on people.
in conclusion, computers benefit us in so many ways.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
you could do what my aunt does.
my friends will forget about interacting with any and everyone just to spend time on the computer all day.
while your at it, plant some flowers in your garden.
while his music be offensive, their are still many people that enjoy it.
set in the drawing-room.
playing sports, or getting some fresh air.
computers have a positive effect on people.
communication is another aspect of our lives.
that how i can back up my second reason.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
out kids use the internet to research things for & projects.
computers are now an important piece of society.
you need to have steady hands.
the internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of.
quicker to find out information.
they are certain books, music, movies, magazines that people find quite offensive.
computers also help with instructions on how to make things.
another mood is happiness.
this in turn will create a different mind set for the young reader.
one is based in with training to be a hero.
certain materials should not be removed from the libraries if found offensive.
there are truly you can learn on the internet.
it is up to the kids to make the decision to listen or not listen to their parents.
computers are good because they help kids learn, communicate with others, and help teach responsibility.
in the end, either if they want to or not libraries should keep certain materials out even if they are offensive towards people.
i find that need taking a step back and arguing both sides is sufficient and fair.
music has been with mankind since the beginning.
the cyclist was greatly affected by the features of the setting.
people are spending way to much time on the computer.
you can talk to people, and it is a new way to be entertained.
therefore, computers are a benefit to society.
i have found the things in our libraries to really help on a lot of projects.
every citizen in wants to be healthy.
not interacting with people could turn you antisocial and not fun to be around.
can you believe this?
he grows different types of crops for us.
with freedom of the press anyone can write about anything they want.
also they wont be able to go online and pay their bills witch could be bad for everyone.
the setting makes it hard for the author to maneuver and get to where he wants to go.
one of the main things that computers provide is research information.
offensive material can also grief.
we swapped numbers and addresses.
finally, jobs can be completed even easier, and makes workers more responsible.
the terrain has a great deal to do with it.
i was talking to cousin on (the account said his name) but it was his wife.
the library is for everyone; not just you specifically.
if certain offensive things were taken off of the shelves of libraries such as music, books etc.
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show a new beginning.
the compute can touch you new thing, give you the chance to chat with family and friends far away, and open your mind on travel.
there are a lot less people going places now because who needs to go to when you can just look up pictures of .
is beautiful when you hear the birds singing or seeing the plants outside.
finally it makes me feel grateful to my own family, and friends.
games are a let alone online .
i know that because i am driven to the world of computers.
like my mom gives me a limited the computer my laptop has to be off on a school night.
does it even matter what the owner wants to sell?
dress up to educational.
and the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature.
my grandmother would tell me stories about before they had computers, now my dad works on and he tells me stories about his day.
& she still feels the same way still to this day!
she needs the motivation of her surroundings to push her.
we learn so much information from all sorts of books.
these are major benefits to society, and everybody should embrace computers.
the people who are of proper age will be able to get the material, however.
with all the entertainment a computer can produce; who could hate it?
in the selection do not exceed posted speed limit there are a lot of great details of the area around the cyclist.
he realizes his luck and therefore his memoir is very upbeat and shows that even in hard times, you can live life to its full extent.
and your going to do it with out a care in the world not thinking about who your hurting .
for example, it is the desert and usually there is nothing there.
it is their job to just offer information
they also help us be different and more creative people.
i do not think they should just be removed and out of the way.
those other people would send it around and in the end it was a horrible mess.
therefore i have decided to become a teacher.
so what else did they say?
on the bike ride he had a glimmer of hope at an old water pump but quickly disappointed when the hot liquid tasted of battery acid.
to add one final thing, would you tell everything you know to a five year old if you knew they would retain every word?
from all over the world there are cultures spreading throughout.
libraries should not remove items from their shelves if someone else finds it offensive to their own beliefs.
there are three main points supporting my opinion and i plan to list them below.
in my conclusion using a computer is very useful and very important nowadays.
secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel.
we can learn about different places in the world.
this stamp-collecting hobby refreshes my mind.
you might need the computer to search up things for a project.
did you know that you can literally but from on your computer.
first, the lack of civilization contributes to an uneasy feeling and an inability to refill his water bottle.
and that brings us to music.
so, should context be removed from the eye of the public because a certain group of people do not agree with the content in it?
secondly, they are spending to much time on their computer than exercising.
of the surveyed at the agree computers are helpful to us.
then i was able to check a book out.
kids will become overweight.
the person should have thought this through before jumping into the situation.
even what to do and what not to do.
there are ways to get around it.
these novels were acceptable back then.
some people write books and songs to express themselves or make money.
the first and most obvious is the temperature, it is hot, therefore the rider is hot and becoming dehydrated making him thirsty.
these love and happiness were the the moods created by the author in the memoir dedicated to his family.
or just for fun you can play mind game with other people.
offensive for me is when its not an appropriate thing like certain images, videos or bad words that should not be use for everybody to hear or see.
he has to use to check on the stock chart.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed because everyone should have that right to chose.
the material or bad material you get out of it is your choice to read.
they can receive them and also send pictures back.
we need material of substance in our libraries, for our exposure and for our fathoming of new knowledge in our modern world
plain and simple.
an ironic twist as he calls it.
while this seemed a fair stance to take, the parents then took things a step further.
for example, the sun was beginning to heat down (pg ).
a censored author must feel like a basketball player that did not make the cut despite hours of practice.
to wrap this up i would just like to say thank you having the time to read my letter.
another factors is the maturity of the reader.
all things with her become better.
it has a long thin body and flower collecting nectar from them.
the best way is to play lots of education video games.
i would be lost and confused without these emails what i depend on.
we can communicate with others using computers.
you find a place you go on find good write come down yet of of the computer finish paper get grade that is good feel happy the end.
be a sport person and one likes to get free online, are websites like and so you can.
dear newspaper people, !
computers are just one part.
the sun made him hot and thirsty which forced him to drink a lot of his water.
and there is nothing that can stop people from talking.
although they can never replace blood relatives, friends are the next best thing.
he was going to try to find some where to stop so he could pick up more water but there was nothing around.
and with things like absentees, weekends and vacations, the day you get your quiz back gets delayed further.
i do not think that people should not be able to take books off of the shelves.
of the people who use computers are obese or overweight.
if you have a bumpy ride, then the cyclist will have a harder time.
here is how the setting affected his mood.
we enjoy each season with its fruits, festivals, and weather.
if we were to take a movie or music down because of what they say then there would be no contents on the shelf
i was reading a book called ' of ', that i had picked up in the child section.
with the billions of citizens we have in alone, each individual is bound to find some flaw in a certain book.
some ways computers are good for you are that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information.
but, if you went online and searched , you could find the traditions, the clothing, and so much more.
others should ruin the experience by marking the words out.
why would you want any of those things to happen, when its so easy to just back on your computer time.
books and encyclopedias are great sources but the computer has so much to offer.
one big problem with magazines is that they write down what they hear and what they want to hear, not always knowing the full story.
so my conclusion is that everyone is different they like different things and dislike different things.
music is a different story however.
the mood created by the author is happy.
the teddy’s body is very smooth and soft.
and being fat also has a negative effect.
many children can go an entire day without sitting down & talking to their parents.
the flat roads are easy and smooth to ride on, but as the road changes to short, rolling hills, the biking becomes more difficult.
libraries should not be able to ban something because it is offensive, but they have the right to put age restrictions on certain things.
books, music, and movies are being taken off of shelves around the globe, because they are found offensive.
and so local newspaper that is why i am writing you this letter today.
too much of perseverance is needed to become a real gentlemen.
some schools know a day almost depend on computers.
the computers give people the ability to talk and see people they they the would never communicate with anymore.
in conclusion those are opinions and reasons to support the effects about computers.
let them make money, they can sell whatever they want.
if a person walks by and feels the book is offensive, they need realize that to someone else it might not be and walk away.
he did have perseverance though he never gave up and that is what saved him.
finally the hills caused him to exact more energy furthermore making him more and more dehydrated.
there are defects in the present examination system.
you missed out on a lot.
censoring is something that i strongly believe in.
in that small group of people that were not trying to get rid of that book you will find a number of people that would read the book.
just ask yourself these questions and you just might change your mind.
some argue that the artists and authors still have the right to express themselves, but they are expressing material that is to risque or graphic to promote.
overall, it is disappointing to me that our libraries have allowed some of these things onto their shelves.
is that not much evidence at all to show the people that something is wrong.
have you ever been one of those students who write their papers, but get bad grades because their handwriting was messy?
computers allow you to access thousands of free services to benefit you.
all in all, the removal of offensive books, magazines, movies, and songs is harmful to the public and to the libraries themselves.
i myself have read plenty of things that would make some people cry or even get really mad or disgusted.
and there were no buildings structures of people around to give him a lift or water.
throughout the history of literature, many books have been banned from public libraries and shelves.
magazines are like books, they are meant to be enjoyed.
it distracts people from their life.
that is how i feel
some books are categorized by the age level they are intended for.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
that he almost died most of missed read it.
out in the world.
that is not a mothers dream to go and do that.
there is a fix to this with internet.
the hot sun was making the cyclist sweat.
those are three of the many reasons why i think that computers are good for people and have had a positive effect.
in my opinion, i believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too.
traveling is such a without a computer with out it you have to go to to buy tickets.
do you wish to be that one standing on the side lines, stuck in the past, not advancing with technology?
it is all your own choice of things you want to read.
not at all.
it just made me think she has to be really happy with her family her house and her life.
the author did not have any good water to drink, because it was so hot outside, which affected him in that he was dehydrated.
libraries could take some time to separate the books into categories and the books that they feel are offensive could go into a separate section of the library.
computers are good for last minute situations.
best friend is , and all of his cousins live in .
for example that can help you to have ability to do more.
it also explains how crafted his parents were and how intelligent they were.
they made the cyclist scared and caused him to go around these things.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
most importantly, you can communicate with family and friends online through , , or .
not to mention it has fun games for people to play when there bored, or have nothing to do.
some people see this as a great advancement.
also an essential thing needed to life is hand eye coordination, and a way to practice that is playing exercise practice games on a computer.
well i have.
i recently visited and in a rest every where the even had their laptop that they had to take everywhere with them.
throughout his journey, the protagonist in the story encounters obstacles in the setting.
you might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home.
we use computers to keep us warm during winter.
a convenient way to do this was by using a computer.
they could play a variety of games.
we also had a dip in the cold water.
there are multiple ways that they could use their computers to keep in touch, like instant messaging systems mentioned before.
computers produce games and activities more intense than you can find anywhere else.
so he starts riding again.
in my opinion computers have greatly contributed to technology.
libraries have been around for ages, most of them started out small and now are big.
in addition, it can help people or students be please consider this in our newspaper.
after watching all of the films that were available at the time, i just could not look at a doll the same way again.
schools also are teaching us about the computer as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more.
can help you find any place or you can find out anything about that place.
for example, moving grown up books to a section where children will not read them and have nightmares about a picture they saw in it.
then they finally got along and won the champion game.
i certainly think computers have a positive effect on people.
now if you organize your thoughts on the computer, and are able to look through them again at why a huge alleviated.
to the people at the i would like to tell you and your readers that there is something wrong with the .
just like any ordinary store, there are items in a library that are not subject for children.
there, they can read about past and current events.
with passels of days like this ahead, you can' wait.
yes you can learn thinks by the computer but you can also learn by doing it yourself.
you can get payed for the work you do with, websites, and.
even if someone gets their hands on one of these works, safeguards could be used at the front desk to keep them from borrowing the material.
i as a student, a child and a citizen of of the united states believes that every book, should be allowed in any library.
the town hills helped the cyclist.
this has a great effect on the cyclist, both physical and emotional.
many more things that are in good use.
with the removal of materials such as books and music, libraries ruin the time spent and heart that the creators have placed trustfully within them.
the mood in this memoir ranges from happiness to love.
well, you had a computer, you could go online to the news website and read more.
books are written by experienced persons who are wise and who have matured minds.
a curious child goes into the library for the first time to find a story to read.
when you take a real good look at computers you will see they are just good.
people many years ago used to read books on scrolls, or even in pictures to tell stories.
happened to using books and films as simple entertainment?
let us allow our words to flow freely.
often say that they are stressed and depressed.
if you took away a book or certain material off the shelf, how could that help a child.
some people not mind that there are a couple of bad words or a little violence, but others will find it very offensive.
they would probably even carry a book perhaps on hats.
many people use websites to check the emails.
we should not result to that.
they do not stop playing it because someone having different feelings about the movie.
with all the posting of pictures someone you with it.
some effects that computers have on people are a lot.
when i was returning from my school, i saw two boys quarreling for a ball.
in all of my years i have never once heard of someone being deeply offended by something at a library.
my mom and her sister are sending emails to each other all the time.
would have took about years longer to crack the code of the genes of we did not have computers.
there be disgusting pictures that children can not see that young.
libraries should be censored so that way everyone can enjoy themselves.
rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
people just need to look at the positive aspects of computers, then they will see how great they are
finally they spend time with their friends and family.
as you can see, there are more cons than pros when it comes to computers.
many people believe people are spending way too much time on the computer.
, the mood shows admiration towards his parents.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
when people are offended by a book the first idea that comes to mind is to try and get the book off the shelves by censoring it from libraries.
another example would be a book on religious purposes.
his duty is very hard, therefore, he should be paid a respectable salary.
they overburden themselves with work.
i think we should keep censorship around because it would deny knowledge to people if we did not keep it.
there so many different ways you can do it to.
video games, video games, video games!
we can use a computer to find weather patters which allows us to plan our days accordingly.
he is feeling optimistic, ready & eager to follow advice of old men.
materials around the globe are being taken off of shelves due to offensive material, but they were created for a reason.
in addition, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do many things that nothing else can do.
most of what we learn today comes from the books we read.
sometimes the biggest land animal, the elephant to runs away from it.
for all the reasons above are reasons i think computers are an awesome =) and positive technology, i mean just look at all the reasons.
some of them being across the ocean in .
there are some materials in a library though that could be offensive.
in conclusion, this is why computers are very important to have.
computers are fast and easy, everyone can use them.
well, you do.
personally in my family, me and my brother believed in for many years.
for example half of my family live in and my mom uses internet to communicate with them.
they should ignore it and find something else of interest to them.
a lot of people like the books and the movies with profanity in them because it brings out the real in the book.
i mean i love romance and scary books, and someone else might dislike them both.
some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it.
there are many healthy alternatives to the computer.
about of people chat online with families or friends.
we throw away a moving song because of its lyrics.
is glorifying crimes is not a crime?
an ideal student should complete his home-work.
i usually do that so i know when a good is to an in the to buy what i want.
what difference did it make?
i believe she is right.
to answer the question bluntly, no, i do not think that media should be banned just because is offensive.
the cyclist witnessed the intense features of the setting.
computers cost a lot of money.
first off, many people have different opinions about what is offensive and what is not.
libraries should not have to remove books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
you can use this method for almost anywhere you want to go.
having to computers can help students to learn.
due to this reason places like libraries should have as much information as possible out on there shelves.
a parent supposed to help their child grow and learn right from wrong.
i think that there should be a time limit for everyone on the computer.
there are some books that some people find so offensive that they can not even continue to read the rest of the book.
well, if you think negatively about computers and how they effect people, i would like to politely disagree.
they should not be removed from the shelves.
for your keen visual children, this is a much better way learning than using books!
the terrain and hills made it difficult.
you can also feel lighter and better about yourself, you will be more active.
this be to entertain, inform, or persuade.
if it where up to me i would take some of the really bad books, music, movies, and magazines out.
we need to do things on our own more often and stop relying on computers to do everything for us!
like how these people got there dream home and this was it.
there are a lot of uses for a computer and one of them is learning.
users of the computer can get feedback from essays, support to something new, and even boost self confidence.
the one you love good past u way and you did not even spend time with he or she.
what would the world be like if children went around with these things?
and learn about new things everyday.
internet, citizens would know little about other countries' people.
also he saw a snake that scared him to death but he passed the snake.
where do we draw the line?
to who it concern: you take away books because someone might find them offensive?
finally, my foremost reason on how computers can be negative is how addicting it can be.
this is another reason why computers can be positive.
adults know more about the harmful language, but why influence them to write the bad things or comment using mean tones.
they should be removed because offensive things can lead to more dramatic things.
i believe that if our kids cannot get to the section with offensive books then we will not have to worry about them seeing the offensive materials.
when the setting changed, so did the effect it had on the cyclist.
if you censor all the books in the libraries then some students would be in trouble on projects they need those kinds of books for.
libraries could even put an age limit on checking out offensive material.
you can learn about a place before visiting it with a click of a button and learn about places far away.
i only get to see her once or twice a year in person.
keep this in mind as one of the many great things about the computer.
but you just can not for get about those books, you have to watch what they are reading.
computers have truly played a vital role in our education.
children should not see any of the content because it is not right for a child.
do we take away everything the teacher used to learn about that topic?
i believe the effects of computers on people are positive ones.
what happens if a hurricane is abroad, and a family has no idea of its presence?
they read them at school and get them somehow from their friends.
the author is just showing that the girl is going to try again next time.
event though they are almost adults.
this explains that everyone near him was like family.
we overlook the fact they easy jobs like these still require coordination.
my elder brother is a forest officer.
the parents or even kids are not spending lots of time with each other due to the computers.
rash driving causes accidents.
if no one can read the books, no one learns.
this is my point of view on things.
if people on the computer but it can be teach kids and drugs.
lets say a family is planning a vocation to .
both of those things do on a computer because otherwise odds are you with of then.
that being said, certain things can be done so that would know if something would be offensive or not.
now i will explain in further details.
school is not a place for a child to be watching those kind of things.
the family invites many people over to their home to have dinner.
people are busy in earning money or solving their problems.
dear newspaper, some people are asking others about the effects computers have on other people.
it what you wants no need.
in paragraph he describes his home growing up in great that makes it feel almost like you are there.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that computers do not benefit society.
they would be upset and disappointed about situation.
how could a student be so certain their grammar is perfect on their homework without asking a teacher?
there are tons of books, music, movies, magazines and more that contain this information.
did you know that when you waist your only hurting yourself?
he appreciated the house and was grateful for his parents.
i believe that when we are cleaning off the shelf that should be removed from the shelf.
as the memoir continues, the mood shifts to how grateful the author feels toward his parents.
we will always be in contact with the ones we love.
i think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends.
the effect of that is someone getting hurt on a crime not being solved.
lastly they can be extremely dangerous to children.
they help you learn about faraway places, talk to people who live faraway and play fun computer games.
you can find worse, hear worse, just by walking down the street just about anywhere.
the mood created the author in the memoir was grateful and loving.
this showed that the family was still in the country they were in now but before was good too.
in movies, books, and music, this is a form of expression.
also computers helped us in the recent election, and will continue do so for a long time.
he had no determination there because there was nothing he could do to better the situation in his cause.
to show how she feels in her new life and leave an opening for people to draw conclusions.
, that same quote can easily apply to the music on display in the libraries.
also, the beating sun affected him in a different way.
they will be more than understanding and possibly give your child a different book.
if you let a child grow up to listen and watch what they want the odds they might not do good in school.
computers help people create, listen to, watch and make music and .
electricity is generated with the help of water, coal and even sun rays.
in conclusion, libraries are a good source of information.
thoughts of i feel as though offensive literary pieces should be able to be taken from libraries.
these two sentences give the reader feelings of safety and once again emphasize care.
people believe anything they are told as long as enough people are saying it.
i think all movies, music, and books are acceptable.
in that book it describes kidnapping, and the rape of young girls.
to whom it concern, i was sitting at home when i have realized this has to come to an end!
this made him dehydrated.
same for when some one asks you whats offensive to you.
should not be taken away from the library shelves because there will always be some offensive objects that some individuals will find offensive no matter what the object is.
you are sort of in a way trying to hide away reality when taking away certain books.
i was thinking to visit a suburb of singapore.
my close friend told me recently that she is sometimes sitting at home, and doing her homework, and she needs to look up something.
it should be made habit.
first, computers have bad effects on people because it makes you unhealthy.
the author is a .
computers can be used for all sorts of things.
if the books are censored then i would have no sources to get information from.
so without computers i would practically never see my brother, or talk to him.
this is the message the author tries to give
who will stop the government from censoring what could be the next major masterpiece in literature?
first, books can be used as monumental learning sources for kids, teenagers, and adults.
without the computer, families who live far away from each other can talk with a push of a button.
computers are extremely distracting.
floods also bring out the worst in men to the fore.
just because of a , many issues rise.
social was made to reconnect with friends far away, not across the street.
this quote only lists a few of his problems.
if we want to learn about something we should be able to.
the rest of the building is a scattering of books and other materials sorted only by author name and genre.
social networking is placed at the top of the list.
they have to understand though that sometime people like those type of things, and they are taking it away from the people who enjoy them.
she wants to wait when the hibiscus is budding.
the authors mood is very grateful.
in other words, censorship is part of fascism and should not even be considered in society.
i know this because it said the water bottles contained water a few tantalizing sips which means it was few left.
the air was dry and hot, the heat was making him sweat and that was leading him to become dehydrated.
every day we read books, but do we know if they are offensive.
i was a little afraid.
how disappointed am i when i find that the music i want has been removed for being explicit.
society is losing its communication skills.
many magazines, books, movies, and music tell you this, and it is not true.
in this story the features of the setting dictates the actions of the cyclist in his quest to survive in the desert a lot.
artificial respiration was also given.
i strongly disagree, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
there are some books that have some pretty nasty stuff in them that you could find in a library.
so, its now or never.
our children are the most important things to us.
after that he was determined to survive and make it to his destination.
but it is not in their rights to remove it from the view of others who wish to educate themselves on the said matters.
this game has an online system where you can talk to and play against people all around the world.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, or music should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
removing books from the library because they are offensive is a good idea.
have the explicit books on one side of the library and the non on the other side.
in this addiction many people can lose time with their family, time to exercise and enjoy nature.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
, i would have to say to chat with friends.
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit adds drama into the story by how it affects the cyclist.
in the story the authors main feature of the setting is the road.
many materials such as movies and music have negative ideas that teach children things they do not need to know or learn.
we go to school for a vast amount of reasons.
i believe computers help us with cognitive skills, learning, and socializing.
people want to be able to do more than just talk.
if we want to become a healthier country, we should state writing time spent on computers.
in a library only certain things should be done.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
by taking the advise of the old men and taking a short cut, the cyclist past through ghost towns with no water.
children have a tendency of showing off to friends.
this allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch.
for example, suggest family.
after all the library is public and i put a great deal of stress on it being public because every person in the world today are all different.
books, newspapers tell the truth about a subject.
now there was a time when know one knew how to read or even was a loud to read.
if he died out there, no one would no know for days.
this can range from exposure to certain movies, music, magazines, books, or to even commercials.
primarily, i would like to say that computer are a fantastic source of information.
the law has not passed yet and has remained in schools.
in other words there is a definite connection between computers and global warming.
libraries censor some material because of violence or inappropriate material.
i love my books.
those who are glued to their computer screens are no better.
firstly, computers hinder interpersonal connections.
of people nowadays have at least one maybe two computers in their household.
when you can just open up a word document and type it up.
it will briefly tell you that there is some content they not be appropriate, that hurt feelings, and simply offend.
all this at a push of a button, and a click of the mouse.
the author include s the last paragraph to show that she still has hope.
but not all medias are good.
keeping books on shelves is what all libraries and schools intend to do.
one of the first things is our freedom of speech.
mirages appeared, or so he thought.
the hibiscus also represents something and has a reason for being included in the last paragraph.
not only can computers help you with information, it can make school projects so much easier.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that technologies for kids and adults to use computers.
if everybody paid attention too offensive entertainment regardless to what kind, people would be upset all the time.
if somebody gets offensive about a censored material, they are going to report it and cause the rate to drop low.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in several ways.
education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now.
it gives you a sense of togetherness.
he just feared the water and stated that it tasted like battery acid.
being able to talk.
you walk in and they no longer have it because it is considered to be offensive.
for example they would be able to go to the internet type in the place they want to visit and get photographs and information about the place.
likewise, if the content of a work of literature does not appeal to an individual then it should just simply not be read by that person.
the appliances our mothers use to cook food work with the help of electricity.
not to mention, the immense amount of different plants and flowers they have never noticed right behind their very own home!
we should try to keep the friends we have.
i am stating my opinion that the more people use computers the less they spend with their family.
the mood that takes place in this article would be sorrow, excitement, and being grateful for the parents he had.
what if did not invent the telephone?
some people only read different books.
or, would you really want to do that to someone else?
computers have to technology to go online and chat with various people all around the world.
when the number became more, they had started collectiong donations.
out of people say that computers take away from their family time, reports family .
also if you do have one than reading this persuade you into getting one.
it is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you are allowing your computer usage to be that.
by keeping the harsh language, i feel as if people realize how much harder times were.
this is my last reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
many people use computers for different reason.
another problem is lack of exercise.
many people including parents have used the computer to look and read into about other countries.
censorship in libraries?
once she can find familiarity in her surroundings she will feel more at home.
i believe computers allow people, like myself, to learn.
a song, book, or movie about slavery can cause some people to be offended.
books as well kids have very imaginative minds, they not have pictures in them but still kids know a little more than what we give them credit for.
some teachers burden the students with holiday homework.
but i thought it was great how he never gave up ???
one of the reasons why i think people should stay to computers is because they can learn.
once a person is an adult, their right is to choose whatever they like to .
all kinds of stuff is fun.
i shall try to be an ideal teacher.
you can also use webcam where you can actually see the person talking to you and they own see you.
i firmly believe that people are spending way too much time on the computer, without knowing how long has gone by!
they are a connection to the world, like places, and people.
as you can see, time is a valuable thing which computers can help save.
what if your kid wants to read a horror book and you choose not to let those kinds of books on the shelf any more.
i think the boy should ask you directions for the place were he is going.
use it for entertainment.
finally, there are not any buildings in sight.
you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long.
he had lack of water, and the water he did have tasted like battery acid.
another thing you could do is play free games or download the game from the internet do your computer so they are both fast and easy.
today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that, censorship.
they will not have their own views, and will be largely ignorant to the world around them.
dear newspaper, i think people need computers.
it tells you new things that are in your town or what their going to make or it tells you what it is getting rid of.
she uses geese as a symbol for spring, when she would start preparing for this test once again.
it is the main reason why society is today, predicting that this future generation is wobbling on an unsteady and weak foundation.
the crowd was looking anxiously with gasps of surprise.
what about your health?
as you can see, computers have a lot of great uses.
when children pick books from the library you want to make sure their kids books and you also want to check to see if their educational.
dear local newspaper did you know that the average person spends hours and minutes a day on the computer?
seven years later he was able to send radio signal halfway around the world.
cases have been reported of smashing computers, doing bad in school, killing parents as i said earlier and in some cases suicide.
finally, computers provide you with so much knowledge and is great for education.
it should still be some type of book with some kind of censorship to it.
the plant will always be there, but she has to look for the good that united states provides.
also the longer you stay on the more you use it, and this habit forms a addiction, which might be hard to break.
offensive materials impact everyday life for better and worse.
last month our class teacher took us for a picnic.
i agree that computers have a bad effect on people because they will spend less time exercising.
however, there are some readers who have the right to look at these materials if they want.
that was my three opinion on which why computers are good effect on the society and i think that computers are really good effect on the society.
in my years of reading i have read a few books that were questionable.
most technologies that are not as good computers will be popular without computers.
when people read these things they learn about them, and with a little common sense they can understand these things are wrong.
every special interest group wants to ban a certain type of material.
help us to became someone important in life.
children would behave better because they would not be so greatly influenced by the media.
i think all books,music,movies,magazines,etc.
sometimes people get help from books that are offensive to others because somebody is doing something wrong and the book help the other person.
all of the books vary on different age groups.
many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them.
there are, however, libraries that do not remove items due to being offensive.
he takes there directions and feels good abut it.
it would also be braking the law, because it would not be giving the artist their freedom of speech.
music is almost the only thing you can calm you down so that you can focus again.
so, now because of our computers i could catch up on the work that i missed that day of school.
technological devices are more exciting than people teachers and definitely parents but do they offer more?
the internet can quickly and directly answer your questions.
stories, novels, magazines, or books on tape of any type find their way onto our library shelves, it is then our job to discover them.
why are we hurting ourselves instead of helping?
if you were a parent that was worried about your child reading about these kinds of things, well welcome to life.
these websites can get a person to be willing to be on computer instead of exercising and staying healthy.
we enjoyed the fair and returned home.
i do not believe that books, regardless if one person deems them offensive, should be removed from the shelf that they have been placed on.
he is very intelligent.
now is older and all he does is sit on the computer until his parents have to force him off of the computer for dinner time.
several people would agree, but i disagree.
this will help us later on in life also.
for projects, such as for school, it would depend upon the librarian to censor the book to a child.
while there are so many other factors in the exposure to children of these materials, stopping the exposure in libraries is one way of eradicating early exposure.
also his parents were very welcoming and kind so you would probably feel comfortable because of that too.
therefore he goes place to place to beg.
she had bought hibiscus as a comfort to herself.
you start to panic and lose control over yourself.
one can sit on the rod ahead of the seat and the other on the seat.
just yesterday i found out that the human body can not survive without its liver.
those are the reasons why i benefit people using computers.
the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit by suffers from some hardship while riding through the desert.
and they waste time and are distractions.
that would be a lot harder if you had to write letters.
your family can make parties.
which is very painful.
we use search engines for everything, everyday.
most likely the author ended the story with the paragraph for dramatic effect for the reader.
oh this very topic, i am agreeing with the experts who say people are sending too much time on their computers and less time doing other things.
i remember when i was a little girl - about years old, and i always wanted to be on the computer.
computers can also help you study for a new job and what the requirements are.
honestly all media actually should have their own section.
in the real world it is all natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer.
the amount of spent on the computer has been shown to decrease activity level and effect the number of overweight and obese people everywhere.
you can also talk to your friends on those websites to.
so next time on the computer enjoy it but remember your friends, family and your health is more important.
these books signify a great part of human history that many people need to know.
mutual cooperation in students and sports and games raises the standard of a boarder.
no why should it.
what race are you?
when your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard.
dad found out about and he decided to try it out.
father was scammed, or connect on the .
a small red car driven by a handsome young man could be seen in front of all others.
she will survive here, just as the hibiscus will survive through the winter.
the cyclist had to be thinking of the beautiful waters with his name written over them.
we all should be able to read or see, what we want to, and not what others think we should.
however the books that are really getting readers happy are the books that are from the movies like the side.
from the reasons above, i state that computers are useful because they give people the ability to learn about anything they want.
then we can write a novel, newspaper article, or even make a website about your topic.
as you can see having all these great websites leads into a problem with kids.
what if one of your children came home from a library with one of those books?
for example would rather spend her day on the computer than enjoying the amazing nature we have around us.
its packed with so much to learn, its very useful to, and forces so much info into them.
so can you please listen to ideas.
the cyclist in the short story; started to lose hope until he found a store that sold fishing bait.
another mood this memoir gives is gratefulness and gratitude to the authors family and home.
so think twice about the negative comments people say about computers.
it all comes down to learning, and there is no censorship on learning.
dear newspaper, you know what computers are doing to the people of the ?
adults and older teenagers can still have their material choice, they will just have to take a trip to the bookstore to find what they need.
for example, in seventh grade i moved from to .
that is the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that are way to extreme for us at the age of ten.
an he appreciates him because of the same thing i said before he admires them and always thank them for what they have done to her.
computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills.
so obviously computers are environment friendly.
without computers, people would be less educated about the people, cultures, and the world we live in .
the parents come to the country with such courage without any knowledge of the language or the culture, leaving all there families and friends behind.
another freedom given to the people is the freedom of press.
coming over these thing was very strong and hard of this young man.
things get censored for a lot of reasons, too!
this is a tamed plant for the family.
i think it depends on what the magazine is and what it talks about in it.
my second reason would be education.
and they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers.
so you make the choice.
parents' kids should simply not read these books.
always being on your computer is bad for your health.
not everyone has the same opinion on things.
people will always take things offensive.
the race was nearing its end.
there are baby books, kids sections, teenage and adults sections as well.
you never know when that might happen to you, think about it before you go and tried to do that to a book.
should people be able to read what they want, or should we limit them to what they read?
after reading this information and the descriptions.
why is it here?
also, the computer has programs to help you manage expenses, keeping you on top of your game.
the would always have junk food when was on the computer.
should be remove from the shelves if they are found offensive choice is no.
those are what i think are his moods and the reason for them.
i believe in freedom of thinking because it is the most valuable resource that we have, it is what sets us apart from each other.
there are also certain people who need book for research and need to take home books for their projects.
the passenger was not the one to be easily cowed down.
people learn from books; books with happy endings, and sad endings, and gruesome endings, are all able to provide lessons for the reader.
even doing chores around the house could bring down the obesity rate a lot more then sitting on your butt staring at a screen all day.
thanks to computers, the process of reconnecting is much easier.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because it gives him the feeling of hopelessness.
sometime those things are peoples life and all they do.
computers supply an excellent source of communication that is even used throughout schools.
well i cant wait to see how the results turn out!!
he was starting to go a little crazy.
when she does purchase it she goes home and gives it to her mom and they plant it.
the fast response is what is helping rebuild from the rubble.
are there some relatives you been face to face with its because of computers.
a library is a place to go read, study, complete homework assignments etc.
computers are not only great for academic purposes, but also for leisure purposes.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
they not like what they see but they think it is the truth and is very offensive to see the sexual, mental illness people have.
they provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school.
dear editor, i think that computers are a good thing to have in the house.
it has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information.
dear local newspaper , show that of humans in the alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop.
you can learn about many different cultures.
it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
a might be tried of hearing about all of time and might find offensive when a girl compare him to or .
others are concerned that people spent too much time on computers and not enough time exercising and spending time with friends and family.
if the person spoke fluently in and than he or she could teach you.
to begin with, why are books, music, movies, and magazines produced for?
people of the have the freedom of speech and taking away books from libraries is partially taking away that right.
when the recess periods is over, they get back to their classrooms to start their studies again.
with other people.
secondly, you would spend less time with your family.
computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life.
if i had to choose between doing homework or chatting on , i would choose .
this quote shows that the cyclist is in complete despair as he looks at the photo and hangs his head.
in the following paragraphs i will explain on reasoning.
to some people the strong words help the reader get the point across their head.
doing this could result in less material for people of all ages.
games teach us the team spirit.
i strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
they can always hide them in the rooms, in a desk draw for child safety.
computers can be very useful to people.
a magazine can have a mixture of good and negative thing obtain in it.
you can help us by taking all of the bad words and offensive words of the books, movies, and magazines.
in my opinion, censorship in libraries, whether by government, or other civilians, should be allowed.
so the cyclist is most likely begin to feel dizzy and begins to loose hope.
a policeman performs very hard duty.
dear local newspaper, i feel that computers are very useful to society.
in my opinion we do not need computers.
people are just going to have to get over the fact that they have to deal with what they see or hear.
do homework & projects, and store important files.
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist in many ways.
there are many people on the computer and if must be stopped.
that includes the variety of things humans are interested in.
the cyclist has to over come a lot of obstacles.
students usually have to do projects on places in the world and the computer is the main source of intelligence.
i just feel that some magazines should be censored.
book is set in the during the time of slavery.
a wonderful educational source to use in schools, jobs, etc.
offensive things are part of everyday life.
, computers have great effects that are positive towards people.
because they can get over weight.
in nature there is always some thing new.
dear the newspaper, in front of a after .
when i say this i mean like you have a computer connect with them on the computer.
most libraries are organized and the book sections are clearly stated.
the mood created by the author was a very grateful and happy mood in his memoir.
now i hope you like the reasons i wrote on why computers are good to have.
teachers can use the computer to make lessons more interesting.
these are the question you need to ask yourself about certain materials that appear in libraries.
depending on where you are, the restrictions be more or less harsh.
for many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects.
yet he continues on and then says what i believed was my last burst of energy, i was going to die.
many kids would rather choose the computer programming class rather than physical education.
not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places.
these days, this is happening all the time.
as a student at a public school, the libraries that i and many other students have access to are censored to an extent.
and that books has been banned from being taught in schools simply because it says a racial term.
back then, i guess i only read them because i had nothing better to do, which is horrible because you should read books because you want to.
i could not ride many of the rides there due to my size.
same with the magazines, movies and books they should all be in a room together away from all the rest of the items in the library.
the computer has anything for anyone.
censoring library materials would be limiting the means by which artists can share their ideas with citizens of the .
that was the mood created by the author in the memoir.
when i read books like that they make me feel better about my life and i interact with others.
therefore, i believe that trying to stop people from this is a fruitless action.
i believe is important that people accept the fact that everyone does not have the same opinion.
the schools, and ask them questions.
there is no such thing as bad .
the mood created by the author made me feel grateful for what i have in life.
its easy and free way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want.
he can reach the place without water but that is not a good thing to do.
if anything we need to start censoring what we broadcast on television and also what we post on the and leave our libraries alone.
computers allow people to learn about far away places and people.
but if nobody is stepping on your toes, and getting under your skin you wont ever change.
people around him have a good regard for him.
all of those features are affecting the way he is traveling and getting to water.
this is because it would not help with people being educated on events that happened, and people would not be reading any books in school.
people enjoyed perfect happiness without fear or sorrow or disease.
clearly computers greatly build hand eye coordination.
last we get to talk to people online in these next paragraphs ill share my thoughts about this topic to you.
in this article the author kind of gave a both happy and proud mood.
there are many ways we can arrange the library by sections so that certain books or topics are in one area, and others are in another area.
while can be debated that computers are bad, i firmly disagree.
the setting in this story greatly affects the cyclist.
they should have talked to the girl and said it was unfair to ask that when everybody reads it.
student and employees use for everything from writing a paper to creating a presentation.
the cyclist was traveling through a very dry area, where it was very hot, dry and dangerous.
the reason why i think this are: they provide us with information, allow us to communicate, and provide us with entertainment.
the principal is very interested in sports and games.
he had to save as much water as possible.
our earned us our freedoms, we can not let censorship take them away
why get rid of you'r history?
they are here for a reason.
although i see where others come from about removing these kinds of materials from shelves.
about of the world today, use computers.
secondly, computers have a positive effect on people.
not all reading materials are dangerous to the mind and eyes of the youth.
therefore they very beneficial to the world, its people and technology.
young ladies want to have big boobs and butt.
movies are the same way, they have ratings.
adults also do use the computer, but not as frequent as us teenagers.
floods are natural calamity and take place regularly in certain areas.
computers let you talk your you right.
it keeps you and healthy.
students use the computer for a lot of things.
magazines also have words or images in them that someone could take the wrong way.
another thing is that when he ran out of water there was no snakes warmers just desert so he started to become very thirsty.
this is exactly what we would be doing if we allowed censorship of our libraries to take place.
not only will you have better communication and the news at the top of your fingers, but you will also have advanced education.
how can writing be offensive?
the last reason is to get rid of the materials.
therefore, books that be offensive are listed as such, but are still available to those who want to read them.
then where sh bought the hibiscus.
five minutes into class as the teacher was reading the book, she read and enunciated every word in the book.
the narrator only brought one bottle of water which at first he was drinking regularly.
the mood in this of writing was very happy.
i am proud of my dream.
libraries are made for all people, and everyone has there own taste.
if everyone did the things that every other person does our world would not accomplish anything out of the ordinary.
so obviously, computers are a great influence on society.
so why take that information away from me.
what if a young child was wondering around a store or a library, and randomly picked up a book or magazine with offensive pictures in it?
because the cyclist trusted the shortcut the old men told him about he had a lot of doubt, anger and determination later on during the day.
they provide a lot of information.
in paragraphs five, six, and seven, expresses his gratitude towards his parents, and how much they had to sacrifice.
everyone can use the computer for communication with friends or family.
with computers, you can chat with each other all night.
the authors parents risked so much for their son.
there is not one movie, book, or magazine where everyone will approve of it.
being tired from no water, the cyclist had trouble going up hills on his bike.
obviously, no one wants their children being exposed to inappropriate reading material or movies.
the are websites for kids, like games, there are teen games, there are adult games.
one day, we were all sitting near the pool after the day’s session.
without a computer to look up for content things, you have to go to the library and check out a bank.
also, everyone today listens to music.
but this all changes when he hit those horrible hills.
this makes television seem obsolete as well.
the present is all that matters and in my opinion everyone deserves the same.
studies show that of people with bad spelling or grammatical habits corrected mistakes quickly through and .
he shows that his home, to him at least was a wonderful with nice smells, food, and people.
there was no place to stop for water and if there was, the water was bad and warm.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit it is shown that the features of the setting do affect the cyclist through the story.
so far the cyclist had a great ride for about two miles into his journey after that it started to change.
my mother and father had come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or the culture.
we are too connected as a society.
loved how his parents loved him back too.
the first time they see something of questionable nature they would want it because it is new.
in past experiences i have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting.
the author had so much admiration of his parents strength and perseverance.
the mood in the story is very happy.
in my opinion, the increasing use of computers is not benefiting society.
libraries, as a whole, need to think about the bigger picture before they extinguish books, experiences, thoughts, and hard work
there are many books, movies, and music in the libraries.
whether it or , or whether its or all are a great way to communicate with people.
people have the right to know everything.
libraries should have to right to open all types of books to their shelves and not have them be censored by the public, this is why.
when you look at one same scene for hours you could start to get tired and bored with everything.
dear newspaper, , my name is and i believe that computers have a negative influence on people.
by playing games , we can use what we learn in real life.
you can avoid things you find offensive.
she also learned that her time will come and she will one day be driving.
no two people think the same.
we have stooped to the level of installing offensive materials in libraries where anyone can check them out.
you can learn about interesting people in history.
and i wish i was at the hospital with her.
the author clearly loved their childhood and was filled by great experiences and a loving background.
i think that a library should be just books because that what they are made for.
through reading the magazines and watching movies it could help you.
also can we please start using normal books instead of online ones.
everyone has a right to read it at some point in time.
there will always be at least person that stands up and retaliates against something they dislike.
one way is interacting with different people all over the world.
for example, in the beginning he came across a deserted town so he was cautious.
had a valid point.
have you ever read something that you have found offensive, upsetting, or has made you mad?
there are also websites that you can use for studying.
all you have to do id turn on the computer and then you have an intent link to them.
i personally think, at a certain age, they need to know about this stuff.
this would not be fair to those who enjoy these kind of materials.
physically he was tired and worn out.
for instance, say we did take away all the offensive materials what is that going to do?
many people want computer because they do have enough money to one.
computers have helped advance medicine as well.
the computer has helped mankind with various discoveries about our world.
when the road starts to get bumpy and uneven, it causes him to exhaust his water supply even faster.
he sends me pictures of his college, friends, and any fun places that he goes.
authors try to get you to understand the world around you, not by trying to offend you in anyway.
the mood is described as joyous, giddy, excited, and elated.
after this the road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
they also give us the ability to learn.
once out of water he sucked on pebbles and hopped it would take your mind off of thirst.
now i will move on the my last reason.
since the computer of tree cutting has stopped.
this can lead them into getting obese.
also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends.
it is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing!
unfortunately, friend was , and he had a hard time not being offended by the assignment.
dear editor, computers have a good effect on humans.
to learn about far away places is great.
since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs.
many people think that books like these should not be available for anyone to read.
they should not be banned though, they should only be moved.
when shielded as a child they would not know what do to if the chances came to them to do drugs or drink.
they use the plant cause a plant will always come back and bud again.
another reason i believe computers are good for studies in that you have endless.
for example it could mean the test to overcome the sadness of her situation.
kids believe most of what they watch in movies.
there is not a person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others.
the internet has all sorts of fun games and websites.
that makes things worse as not only are they not getting exercise, but now they are gaining weight as well as not losing any.
certain materials, such as books, music, movies or magazines should not be removed from the shelves, even if they are found offensive.
at first the cyclist knows where he is and is very familiar with his location.
are still some reasons why computers are not very good.
i got down after four stands.
parents should make an independent choice on what they can allow their children to read.
well, all these things and more can be solved by using the computer.
the ups and downs and all the animals that await him.
we need to write up and appreciate with the .
people are sitting on the computer everyday, eating, and not moving at all and gaining weight.
everyone likes different things, and some others not always agree with what they are going to be interested in
if the library were to have not kept the magazine, it never would have happened.
i remain confined to my room.
a while back my family and i were trying to plan a trip to to visit.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
if you take out things like that in the books they read, then how will they learn?
ending the usage such technology as computers would surely be the first step to sending us back to such a barbaric time!
for example, a fan reads a book about them and the author makes fun of them or teases them.
there are many computer games are there that you have to react quickly to and call for fast reflex and hand eye coordination.
if everyone was able to pick and choose which books to be taken off the shelf or which music to ban, then we would have nothing left.
in someway, someone, is going to find a movie, music, books, or magazine offensive.
read on so i could let you know how and why these things about the computer are helpful.
in this memoir is expressing how thankful he is for his parents moving to to give him a better life.
that was one of her traditions with it.
this should not play a role in whether or not materials should be removed from public places such as a library.
it should not be a big deal on what there about.
they either do or do not know that they have offensive content in their library.
the desert just made him want water even more.
the library is a place for peace and quiet so headphones are necessary regardless.
she says that she will try again.
we have them at home, at or at our work.
secondly, people are not going on hikes or trips to see the beauties of nature.
if librarians do take off books for being offensive to some adults, a lot of books will be gone from the shelves.
teaches me how to type.
imagine what it would be like if we expanded this right to the foods that we buy.
computers help us learn and communicate.
although other things have affects on youth, books are a different story.
when he saw the fish bate shop though, he was probably relieved that he was going to be saved,
people will: watch, listen, read anything.
to wrap it all up, computers save us money everyday.
what if somebody thought what you liked was inappropriate?
imagine those kids the night before, scribbling words away with their cramped hands, typing to write as quickly as possible.
drug use and rape would go down.
that is why i think the mood the memoir creates is love
they might have information to tell people around the world.
the tumble weeds show a distinct desert look.
as a result many people are not as healthy as they should be.
the computer is necessary for our society today.
dear , your at home and you are on the computer.
the cyclist in the story was hot exhausted, and hydrated.
if you have bad handwriting, then you could just type up your paper and hand it in all nice and neat.
we are a middle class family and my home also belongs to the family background.
these materials need to be censored more then what the are right now.
so computers have a positive effect on people.
do you look at your computer differently ?
this affected the cyclist because he got very hot and thirsty.
other people think that this is a great idea to use a lot of computer and spend more on it then their families.
the world would be better off without computers.
you can go on a website that has videos and short clips about what has been going on and learn about current events.
kids spend to much time on online games.
even though these people think they are overused they still use them.
thus, advances in technology will give the ability to learn about far away places and people.
what did you use to search for this knowledge?
censorship is wrong because it limits what people can read, watch, and listen to.
it could be the elderly all the way down to toddlers.
enjoying nature is another option.
have you ever thought of how a computer is made or how every small part of a computer is installed?
alter playing computer games more and more the time it takes for you to react to the game you are playing and hit the mouse button is very important.
often i get projects where it calls for me to do research on a specific topic and it is very easy to look up simple information.
shopping online is more faster and more quicker than shopping at.
censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic that has conflicting views.
not only can you talk with family, you can talk to friends.
i believe that you can learn so much from what you read in a book, (a real book)!
your friends important them.
there are many different ways of looking at life, and many different opinions.
have you ever wanted something removed from the shelves of a library because you thought it was offensive?
the setting is horrifying to her because you will feel like you cant even if you live there!
this include learning about people.
one fairy came to me and greeted me with a sweet smile.
also, kids get into dangerous for example they get kidnapped for this informal and the people they talk to.
i think that most people would be mad at the schools or the libraries because they got them.
kid end up getting bad grade because they spend time on the computer.
we all have the choice to what books and movies we want to check out at libraries.
they help communicate around the world.
i once has to drive hours to see my grandma in .
when we find materials, like those listed before offensive outside of school, we stay away from them.
clicking a mouse & typing away are only moving your hands, not your whole body.
and it what his parents did for there children that they could have a better life in a new country.
it is hot cool out there,then the terrain changed.
they always helped out people in need.
halfway through his trip the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
, computers are great tools and a great piece of modern technology.
along with websites, games and networks are also very popular and addictive.
i say that because the author talked about how his parents were caring and selfless.
i know this because my eyes start to hurt.
when you are walking around you, you should not be scared to walk by yourself with out getting attacked.
computers can be fun and interesting, but, people are spending to much time on the computer.
things like teaching them how to cook, how to treat others, and the real meaning of family.
they have the ability in and teach us what seems like information, second, they have made the could a smaller place through communication.
they affected his confidence, his energy, and his determination.
the temperature caused the cyclist to sweat.
it overtones the point in the story, which is to not give up and the will to survive.
dear local newspaper, computers and other technology are the best thing that ever happened to the world!
there is more then in this story, but the most import i think is loving.
you could sit forever and learn all about these magnificent creations.
sacrifice because his parents sacrificed their comforting home to move to for their son.
for instance, if my sister needed help with science, she could go online, and learn more information about it.
every man has own likes and dislikes.
he works very hard from morning till night.
it is a double-storeyed building.
you can find anything about anybody or anything on a computer that has internet on it.
he also describes how good his neighborhood was and how they were a close knit community.
have you ever thought of a book that should be taken off the shelf?
you could be out there getting to were your relatives live to see them.
if we were given the right to remove and books, movies, magazines, etc.
my address was also posted, because that message was a mobile upload.
this aspect of the setting also affects the cyclist because it makes it much harder for him to progress than if it was a downhill road.
does it even need to be asked?
almost every thing in life offends someone in one way or another.
dear , i understand your one trying to decide whether or not computers are bad for people.
actors and actresses have a large influence on many teenagers and children.
after reading the book, she was filled with guilt.
do you want your child to learn?
is it really that big of a deal for kids to see some bad things in books?
but, if people had the right to remove books or anything that is offensive towards them, then there would literally be no books left in the libraries.
this memoir is all about heritage and the home.
this was an obstacle that he had to overcome.
what can you do?
children are the future , everything that happens in the future will be because of them .
lastly, the author creates a loving mood.
there are pros and cons to computers but manly cons.
in conclusion, i had agree on the statement and my reasons why was because you wont have fun.
how do we know we got a good book?
new , computers is a benefit to society.
he does not indulge in anti-social activities he is against smuggling, corruption, hoarding and black-marketing.
however he shows great determination and control.
see now i have a since of humor.
that is the problem.
you can be on the computer and still listen to music.
secondly, children still have a good number of movies for them to watch and learn from that can better themselves for their education, career, etc.
doing research for a paper on ?
you can, in less than one minute go on the internet type in to whatever movie or book you want and start watching instantly.
libraries and entertainment stores are the ones who buy the books and music not you.
some say that offensive things should be censored.
items by using my coconut shell, trunk or husk.
this is good for those who are busy and travel a lot.
kids should be able to read what they want to read.
when he says the sun was beating on me this shows it was hot.
the text says.
there are somethings kids just should not see.
you should look at your own life, and think about what you find offensive.
but, what if one day you decided you were going to skip your lunch break with friends and instead spend time posting a daily blog.
first of all i believe if its on the shelf you should be able to get it, no matter what your age is.
so the night before i did a bunch of research of different shops, museums, and places to eat.
everyone in this world is different and we all like different things.
soon dusk fell.
it helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that but it helps future jobs.
the person was going to a place far away with out any food or water for miles.
it can be filled with knowledge, and still have the ability to learn and understand more.
most people that use computers use them to talk to friends and other people around the world.
also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games bored, and work.
no one would hurt one other and every one will help in case of a problem, giving a safe feeling.
censorship is a touchy subject in our society today.
gyms are way better than computers.
they must learn how to become successful in life.
with just one click you could actually be watching a movie from the comfort of your own home.
computers are only here to make our lives.
also you lose friendship with you family because you badly talk to them while your on the computer.
he explains how his first friend was his babysitter and the person who lived above him.
a recent study shows that out of families who purchased a computer in the last year have halved their exercise and play time.
the democracies feared communism due to its totalitarian government.
computer are also great because you can video chat with friends and family.
some people be interested in these topics.
hand eye coordination can improve people in sports such as baseball and basketball.
the setting is in a dessert, which is very hot, there is no water around and usually nobody lives in a dessert.
so before you make your decision thing would you want it done to you
so are you going to do about it?
this is another example of how easy it would be to get around that system.
the main character said friendship and home is the basis in his life, he understand without letting his parents teach him.
how dare you read that!'
he follows the principles of truth, non-violence, and courtesy.
on the computer your probably wasting every second searching or playing games.
the mood is mostly calm & happy because telling the courage his parents had.
having a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends.
the computer had created easier way for people to send messages and information to one and other.
when i get home, she will normally be on .
if you have a computer, then that is great.
the five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call.
the next morning we went to the famous spot, chail.
what my family believes not be what other families believe in.
many libraries today have limits on what they can put on their shelves.
money can also contribute to the addiction.
i am sure that many people love using their computer for the same reason.
first, computers take time away from hobbies and friends.
it was rather large, but i had come to love reading in that time of my life so i decided i was up for it.
this was the first obstacle which affected him.
back then people used computers mostly for work.
the libraries also would not have to worry about people being offended.
and some of the stuff now needs to be taking off of the shelves, but not everything
maturity comes with understanding.
answered with yes!
well, if you have this is called sexting.
some people believe that they should be removed depending on how bad the offense is.
they say they are keeping children inside doing nothing, but really they are helping us so much!
is supposed to be a free country.
education and personality development courses are oriented around disciplining the energies of man to make the best of him.
its true because everyone has a right to be interested and learn about what they are interested in.
like when they read a story and it includes someone robbing a bank, or a song that refers to drinking or doing some form of drug.
a great mental image of serenity and peace.
setting plays a big role in this story.
which adds to his dehydration.
they bought a that costs , on top of that, they spent on all the programs they needed for the computer.
should it be taken off the shelf?
offensive articles and or movies and magazines etc should not be pulled from shelves.
children are not old enough to be learning about sex.
when ever someone wants to go buy a book about safe sex, it should not be denied to them because the library does not allow it.
i know what the feeling is when you are low of fluids because l have chronic dehydrated.
some people sit at home and read to become smarter, right?
in i mite not be into what they are into.
the easy access to the library is part of the problem.
while these children are young they do not know what is bad for them.
computers greatly reduce that hassle.
the computer also teaches you how to do different stuff.
when that happens, why is it okay to take away what makes that person feel normal?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways.
i am the captain of the basketball team at my school.
there are so many movies now that have inappropriate scenes: bad language, scary scenes, etc.
i have observations, experience, and reading some of my the articles that were called offensive to prove my opinions.
this quote makes me feel so happy that i have a family that supports me and is always there for me.
computers, computers, computers!
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
people have a right to choose what books they want to read, what movies they want to watch, and what music they want to listen to.
the reason he is happy, i think is because he has a family that loves him.
the soldier must be ready to overcome any difficulty.
one might think that is good but its slow with computers you can send emails and have the person on the other end reply instantly because of computers.
besides talking to people, you can do your homework on a computer as well.
it is understood that there is both bad and good in the world, and pulling materials from the shelves of libraries will not change that.
studies show that out of people say that computers answered their question better than any library book, did.
so why should you take the risk?
i think computers are an asset to the community.
the book, titled , was about a girl who went through some troubled times but found her way out of it.
after all do we really need a computer?
an ideal citizen is a thorough gentleman.
exercise is important for the mind and body.
so i hope you take my ideas an consider them an thank you for listening to what i think.
the thoughts and knowledge of one generation pass to another and they pass through the child.
thing that is amazing about our country is our freedom of speech and expression!
nobody has the same views as everybody else, each person is different in their own way.
it was more depressing.
so yeah, you many not be able to get a book at the library but you can almost always find it online.
even doctors are computers your medical needs and give time.
and computers can make our live s a little easier.
instead of being on the computer join a sports club.
my mother & father had come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or the culture.
why not just put that celebrity on there as the size they really are?
we had comfortable seats near the windows.
also, i could almost feel the lump in my throat when he says, with any luck id hit a bump and lodge a pebble in my throat.
if you have friends and family that you want to reconnect with the computer can help you find information about where they are located.
the situation is different for each person.
a to the ,
this all changed when my dad bought her a lime green, laptop for her birthday.
more websites allow you interact with people over the island.
still take my suggestions seriously and continue to use your computer.
family is very important to most families now a days.
education is the most important thing you need in your life.
your not the only person that thinks that way.
censoring something is wrong.
because ever book in there is going to hurt some if u made them read it.
allowing a child not to read a book, such as ' ' is unpractical and harmful to the child.
a rider should make a plan and use determination to get to where they need to go.
just like the temperature problem, the loss of determination could eventually make him lose consciousness.
i see it both ways because its good and bad.
those are my details to support my reason.
the mood is loving in many different ways.
children need to know what has happened in our past to see what they can change in our future.
this setting features had a negative affect on the cyclist.
although everyone is entitled to their own opinion, i believe that a library is a place of peace.
that is why i believe their should be censorship in every library.
i have read and saw very intense things in my life but does that make me want to do bad things, no!
your want to just so you the computer.
can kill you!
well now its this advance machine called a computer.
is a student which is very hard to get.
just keep in mind the dangers of the world and how it wants your money.
how would you feel if your son or daughter saw a naked picture of someone, kept hearing bad words from a song that was in the library!
the hills prove to be a challenge with a limited supply of water.
this making it dangerous.
dear , much time do you spend on the computer daily, hour, hours.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down instead going outside and that because a habit.
local library closes at pm.
there will always be something that one person finds in appropriate while another finds it to be perfectly fine.
i believe that people should not be able to remove books, movies, magazines, etc.
read more to find out how the internet is good for society.
the point the author wanted to get across was that the hibiscus gave courage and hope to retake her drivers test and continue surviving in .
i hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today.
there are many moods in this memoir.
these features made dehydration a more keen possibility.
they watch inappropriate videos or pictures.
the next thing was there was a sign that was posted he could not ride he had to do and that made him disappointed.
there were many different conditions that effected the cyclist.
computers are fun and educational.
got the point but more importantly do you?!
many people are going home and turning on their computer instead of doing their homework or studying.
the wife was very close to because spent the computer helping , there can was always in the on the computers.
i have pen-friends among intellectual, artistes, actors, dancers, scientists and university professors.
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
in this day and age, when is becoming a we need our exercise more.
the book only be offensive to one race or religion.
computers help us to find information we needed.
but so are those that believe that these things are good.
they might cause you to talk to your .
spring is an archetype of rebirth and a new life.
said the book explained what guys wanted.
computers are sometimes dangerous for people.
in we practice freedom of speech.
if we silence the author and there story or song how will we be able to view life in another persons view?
playing computer games, and online poker sounds fun right?
removing certain information from a library would be biased to whatever group believes in that knowledge.
you bear of people using computers to do work all of the time.
today, however, people use technology to find this information.
my mom told me a story that she met my dad because he fixed her computer at her job.
you can argue that they be learning new things or broadening their horizons.
that is how the different settings effected the cyclist.
in some grades at school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills.
for me to have fun on.
you can do many things on the internet.
take music for example.
so computers bad for society, think again and listen closely.
so, as you can see technology, benefits our society in a big way.
it can not strictly be controlled by censoring libraries; it is also in the hands of authors and readers everywhere.
so she is not being pressured into taking it.
computers are very useful in many different ways.
this is what the statement is saying, she failed her tasks so in the spring once the hibiscus blooms again, she will attempt to complete her task.
if we neglect any body part, then the whole body suffers.
when you do get though, you get better quicker and more so it all works out very well.
first, it is in the summer, so it is very hot.
the features of the setting can physically exhaust and mentally strain the cyclist, which makes it harder for him or her to keep going
the sweet memories of this period are glorious.
school children should try to become gentlemen someday.
however, it has kept kids inside instead on the streets causing trouble.
they serve almost the same environments.
you can not blame others for what they feel needs to be heard or said to some.
the mood that the author created throughout the course of the memoir was a sense of happiness but also family.
for example, a student has been assigned a report on a piece of classical literature.
so get to .
although they is struggling but they are have happiness.
thank you for reading this and have a nice day
they are there to provide all kinds of different information.
so next spring she wants to make her mom happy & pass cause she will be ready.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'.
generations, one after the other, have enjoyed them.
he takes care of them and they take care of him.
online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people.
this is found around us every day.
completely taking books out of the library because they are offensive is not a good thing.
the kids should not see them or know about them at all.
well you can use the computer to learn about the place or the person.
is this what you want every home to start looking like?
if the parents explain, kids will understand why it is not good for them.
for not getting the the gamer.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
no one forces us to check out this book or that book.
this can be seen when the cyclist in the comfortable camp around in .
maybe a bad break up causes someone to make a song.
that is why i go against taking books out that are not favored by others.
i would go on the internet and talk to them on webcam.
the author is thanking his parents for the numerous amount of things they have done for him, he is grateful.
because children pick up everything they hear and see
the parents tell their kid go and start your paper.
wow, the rate went went up like in each year.
having a computer is a huge benefit to society.
there are many types of materials in the library to entertain you.
i love all of his books but these ones are the best.
books, music and movies are all important, specially to kids.
i think that one has there on taste in music.
a library is a place to go relax and read.
not only do computers deprive people of getting exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world.
think about it if it was offensive why did they put it into the in the first place.
there is absolutely no point in destroying certain types of literature because some feel offended.
and also have the choice to stop reading it, watching it, or listening to it
books removed from shelves?
she gives herself the winter to practice and get ready for the test .
he builds castles of sand and feels very happy.
it is a very simple concept.
second, people are not enjoying the outdoor.
computers can help society and learning so help the growth technology today!!
clearly, and his family were very friendly and did many things that were peaceful.
they also have emails where they chat with other people.
children being able to do this?
also he did know where he was go.
it be fun, but it could also but your health.
the world nowadays has gotten ridiculous and out of place.
certain materials should not be removed if found offensive to others because it might not be offensive to someone else that might enjoy it.
the author chose to end the story with the final paragraph for several reasons.
here is my last reason.
should certain books, movies, and magazines be removed from library bookshelves if found offensive?
the problem we are facing today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teens.
the nation owns accounts on socializing websites, and the nation says their friend groups have expanded to the groups (according to a poll taken).
as this paragraph shows internet and computers open more then ever before.
when something is written it is written for a purpose.
the point is that when kids see someone they look up to doing a certain thing, it has a great impact.
people in schools, industries, and in homes use it all the time.
computers are very helpful in many of ways.
people are not going outside as much anymore.
he grew worried when he saw that no near town was still in sight.
viruses can hack you computer, steal you personal info and destroy you computer.
computers are used world wide everyday, and most of the time is used for a good reason.
i also agree with that.
the author concludes the story wt this passage because its symbolic.
is it quiet, peace, or calm?
she will take the test with a new out look on her life.
computers have a amount of knowledge instantly and also some opinions of things.
our eyes are looking, while our hands are fast at work over the keyboard.
genres were created for a reason.
this led to many bake sales and fund raisers.
this means he was running out of water too fast for the amount of land he was covering.
that includes looking at the magazines with good looking men or women on them.
my second reason is doing homework.
voting is always important and people should notice that.
i think that if it is something that offends you then you should just keep going.
it because the mother showed he how to love people.
the major cereals are rice, wheat, millet, oat, barley, maize and corn.
one decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a stronger one in a little bit.
he always tells his parents of how proud he is of them, and mentions how their basically an .
this angers many especially when one ponders how much slavery as well as the affected and shaped us into who we are today.
i believe that people spending to much time on computers can effect their health and the relationship they have with friends and family.
but she did not, she said she was going to try again.
for one it is really hot.
books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing.
to conclude i think computers are not good for us.
almost all the people get leisure time but they do not know how to utilize it.
if you go on the computer at then you could easily get addicted to a game and forget you have practice.
one great option that computers have is the option to communicate with others.
classes have even been created in schools because of the popularity of computers.
computers are a part everyday life, and they can help with almost anything.
she hopes she is right about the flowers maybe, she likes the spring.
it helps you learn social skills that everyone needs.
i believe this because using computers helps with research, jobs, and staying in town with people.
i personally prefer to type than write but that is just me.
i could not learn much on the first day.
the government does not want the society, especially the youth, of to read things that are deemed inappropriate.
just as the container is alien to the flower because its used to being free.
people could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about.
there was pushing and pulling.
at the beginning of his journey, the cyclist is relaxed and the features of his environment.
if libraries had to ban books because someone said that a certain book or magazine was offensive, then a library would have very few to no books.
yes, i do, because music, movies, etc.
people should learn how to deal with different struggles in life.
they do not think before doing a thing.
it really close make things go faster.
computers can give organize.
there are so many authors whom i like.
friend, , lives miles away from me.
my first point is that you can get a better education using them.
the mood that was created by the other was happy.
information in libraries should not be censored, even if the information is considered offensive.
is now a size fourteen in waist.
computers greatly help families of today.
how does this relate to libraries you might ask?
whether people admit it or not, they have ran into at least one book that has offended them.
with the click of a mouse, you can access the internet.
well with being able to just grab all the papers off line is easy.
but when you stop all of a sudden you played for hours.
it will also help us learn about new things because we can talk to people and they could give us some ideas on what to learn about.
absolutely nothing, but to teach them to take them home and show there little brother or sister a cuss word in the book is teaching them bad things.
people who are opposed to using computers believe that all they do is make kids lazy and ignorant.
she wants to be able to please her mom, and herself she wants to be able to move on and starts her new life.
instant message, and .
have you ever walked down the street and saw someone the size of a boulder?
in the evening, i go to play with my friends.
if every single person was able to ban one book in the , what would we have left?
i feel censorship is a waste of time for the government.
i bet that if computers were taken away for year, then the changes in health would be drastic.
a certain area designated for certain genres.
they also teach you new things.
movies now a days have come along way.
i have personally learned most of my from books, and i hardly had to pay for any of them.
this device has allowed people do buy things online, talk to people online, and also provides entertainment for some people.
to whom it concern, to many people it is so much fun but then they become so obsessed that they can lose so much that they loved.
children today are growing up a lot faster then we want them to, but sometimes we can not stop that.
certain books provide an escape for some teens, and even help them to confront or deal with problems in their own lives.
this is a horrible thing to do to yourself.
by online in chat rooms, bank, etc.
plus, there are many different disorders in the world.
basically, the books will be put into sections depending on what they are rated just like a movie.
the choice is yours, which side are you on?
the library shelves would be completely empty.
there would be nothing to write about without imagination.
an orange tree grows big as the mango tree.
nothing, have to right to write about anything they want, singers have the right to sing about what they want.
helps students do there school work.
overall material in a store is public and for anyone who comes into the store.
one of the moods that was created in the memoir was happiness.
this proves that he is grateful.
a lot of people in the world today are having this same question.
also, deserts are hot.
imagine playing baseball with a friend who lives miles away from you, while still being a kid in , or set in your exercise adventure.
you can even use the computer for your personal enjoyment.
now think about global warming.
instead they just go pick a different read to enjoy for themselves.
maybe a kid forgot his homework, he can go to his school website and find it.
you could use your computer.
they also are a great way to yourself.
life must be hard for children as their books and magazines show racy pictures of girls and advertisements for products.
then they can talk in time.
you can talk to your friend on there so they on being social.
they were able to catch the man.
most of the people who do that are the people who are mostly on the computers.
communication through the computer is very popular.
they have many features.
stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and cause other good chances in life for people in need for those chances.
dear editor, i see that there is an argument between computers being good or bad.
there are many books, types of music, movies, magazines, etc.
also, the terrain of which he is riding is rough which causes him to lose energy.
so she says that she wants to retake the test.
this is how the setting affected the cyclist
if everyone were to expect their feelings to be accounted by everyone, they are mistaken.
of people should just get of the computer all the time and just chill with your family and friends.
they communicate with each other with using sounds like clicks and whistles.
she misses everything about her old home, from her grandmother to the old plants there.
with no computers you could have so much free time for your friends and family if you could only imagine!
if it is a major issue that highly offends many people, it should not be in a public library.
the show many dieting plans such as or .
this showed the warmth, love and selflessness of the family.
loved them and they were happy spending time with each other.
the old man say that the towns are going to be there and they are just not functioning towns.
what some people think is the most innocent book, could offend another individual.
on the computer there are videos that show us new yoga move and other ways to lose those extra pounds you gained over the days.
they tame and teach
his troubles finally came to an end after getting directions from another man at a fish camp.
how can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs?
or your family can be having a movie night and your on the computer while they leave.
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist in a negative way.
traffic came to a standstill.
libraries need to up their standards of what should be in the library and what should not.
there were a set of called the ',' which pretty much was a list of to treat as unfairly as possible.
with all the typing you do on a key board, your hand dexterity increases by the second.
i do not think that a random stranger should have the right to decide what books to allow in a public library.
doing this helps everyday skills like playing sports.
how do you think the victims felt, they were punished for believing, or doing something different.
sometimes you need take a break and slow down.
for several reasons.
we can have teacher help tell the kids an let them no that it not right for them to watch that.
parents can sometimes be over hard on a child and not let them do a lot of things.
a kid walks into the library up town.
the only way a child can be exposed to this if their parents are unattended and irresponsible.
it was a great occasion for socializing.
the only way these mature arts can be shared without conflict is through public libraries.
last but not least when you have nothing else to do, you can play games, and watch videos from online.
whether it be magazines, books, newspapers, movies, or music.
my home offers affection, security and happiness for my life and i am very round of my home.
the computer can make you gain quit a bit of weight.
then once you have thought about it, you will make your own opinion on what that article said.
, that last paragraph shows that she has emotion.
if someone finds it offensive then they should quite simply not read it.
every has a different opinion on different matters based on their beliefs and life experiences.
the author talks about the love and respect everyone had for each other in that community.
the author creates many different moods throughout the memoir.
with a computer everyone can learn about people all over.
so lets put a stop to it now.
the mood kind of shows his attitude of hope and that his parent hardships created a good life for him.
his friends call him oli.
states that we will have no books left of the shelf to read if everyone removes a book they do not approve of.
dear i think it it good and bad.
when you think about it, our country would be no where without these spectacular devices.
in my opinion, computers are helping , not hurting .
if a person wants to check out a book that is offensive, they should be allowed to check it out and read it.
a very close family friend was very obese.
the computer can teach us many new and exciting things.
computers in the long run are magnificent machines that makes life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge.
he had no where to get water or food.
another big problem is education.
many of the religions have very conflicting points of views and some of their view points offend each other.
computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades.
there has been many people who have been hired.
fortunately, exposed the horrific processes that took place in the industry and the government stepped in and solved the problem.
so what i am saying here is that if you find something offensive then fix it instead of letting it bother you every day of you life.
after getting his hopes up, he is forced to get back on his bike and carry on.
lastly, computers have a negative effect on people because it takes away from people using their world.
computers are for people.
not to mention you can buy games like of or : for your !
kids can up facts about other countries, famous people, and even types of pets!
you can have music while on the computer and you can watch and check out movies you like.
so she has to accept that she is here home and i think she is on her way to doing that .
music used to be a beautiful form of art, but now when you turn on your radio, do you hear?
a library is built for other people enjoyment.
the only problem is finding appropriate books that are both compelling and enthralling.
from what i know.
the can teach people many new and exciting things they did not know.
this factory gave the cyclist false hope because it would have been so great to have some grape juice during his thirst stricken state.
you would be putting someone out their job.
it could be their passion to write, so why would you want to take that away.
other people might like it or they might like it themselves if they give a chance.
another one would be that you could learn about another states and countries around the world.
that told him he was the one talking to him online.
it is a fact of life.
or maybe when we are playing games online, the same thing applies.
in the story the setting provides no water for the cyclist making him weak.
people like accountants use computer for there job.
computers have a positive effect in so many ways for example: school, work, talk to other, and just get information.
if censorship were to be enacted, a library could not provide new information if someone else did not like what was being taught.
books can be very educational.
in some ways when you use the computer and you type, the typing exercises your fingers.
to this i disagree.
in this book, a young girl is raped very harshly.
computers make this a whole lot easier on us.
instead of endlessly searching through phone books you can just type in their name and you bound to find somewhere on the internet.
people all around the world are trying to teach their kids what to say and what not to say.
another reason censorship should be under control is the titles to these materials.
hockey is played with eleven players on each side.
book-fair can contribute in bringing harmony among different cultures and encourage goodwill and tolerance.
can you believe that some people think that books should be banned for having bad things in them?
a library is a place for study and learning for educational purposes.
technology makes peoples lives much easier and helps keep more and more people connected throughout the world.
for moment i did got caught up on .
i know this because the text says and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
it seemed as if they had used up all their abusive vocabulary and were about to come to blows.
they blame them for thing the forget to .
he fights for his country and people.
dehydration started to set him and every hill was a challenge.
it takes away freedom.
the reason why i believe they should not be removed because everybody is equal and not everybody likes to read the same books.
as i was going through last weeks newspapers, i saw an ad to write an article about either the negative or positive factors about computers.
music or movies could be put in there own sections also.
another reason is just so that they know what is going on around them and so that the individual is informed.
it shows we can read stuff that is stimulating and not just to make us act like celebrates who party all the time or go to jail.
please consider the following.
first of all the computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places, people, and the weather.
computers give us a bright future.
for example, scary movies could be very disturbing and too violent for a young child but they could be an adults favorite thing to watch.
besides no ones making you check out that book
in the story it says she gets shaky when she tries to say at home.
this fact is quite amazing, because these people could have been getting more things accomplished in this time.
new technology, and post pictures on websites where everyone can see.
if we timed many hours we spend on the computer people would be amazed at what they sound.
she is also going to have to relive the memory of her grandmother again and wants to handle it better.
but being sick from the computer is gross.
the heat has a major part of his dehydration during the bike ride.
at a movie rental store you would expect to find movies that are adult, but not in a public library.
that is a good thing and could help people with everyday problems like , getting an answer to a problem, and , work.
materials at libraries are not for everyone.
a majority of peoples' time is spent on the computer.
apple store have when people go over and buy some computers.
as you can see, the authors tone in this memoir is calm, and sad.
the only thing that he found tasted live battery and so that no good for him.
so maybe things do need to be taken off shelves.
the first is obviously the false information given to him by the elders.
they also provide learning experiences with many resources at your finger tips.
this gives him hope and reassurance.
were all on the same planet and we all reach the age of realization of reality.
besides, for personal usage, computers are highly beneficial.
now it would be a different story if we never had music, movies, and all that other good stuff.
in they could go to world or the to learn all about & how it is in a .
also, teachers use it to help them teach classes and prepare materials for it.
we all are given the right to our opinion on such pieces.
there is a much deeper message about guilt and grief, and redemption beneath it.
she first has to grow and adapt to the new surroundings.
another reason he has a happy mood is because he talks about his family coming to .
i know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you enjoy is completely unfair.
say its not good for you i hope you liked my prompt so it can go in the newspaper.
i think that is the idea the author is trying to get across.
i love drawing.
all the teachers in my school are hard-working.
the flower dies in the winter is brought back to life in the spring.
if a kid picks up a book about sex, which i highly doubt would be on a library shelf, what would they say to their parents?
one because of freedom of speech.
censorship is much needed everywhere, it would help out a lot
even so, it is still on the list of suggested college level reads for classes.
first, i think computers have a positive effect on people because there are many homework helper websites that struggling students can go on and get tutored.
parents argue that these books should be removed from the libraries.
about of my class has computers.
just ignore that the book is even there and find another one that fits you'r liking.
i myself as a take offense to some of these magazines, promoting being perfect and having the life sucked out of you as you read each passage.
some of the included statements ensure the freedom to speak as it publicly pleases us as citizens and the freedom to write, individually and collectively without boundaries.
this creates a tone of hope for future comfort.
in conclusion, i disagree with the fact that certain materials should get removed off shelves if felt to be offense.
statistics show that you can find more information on a computer than a book.
sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are.
my last reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it is efficient for work and they help the environment.
the problem was i forgot what it was!
him it could have ??
but i am happy that i could learn to ride at last.
one feature is that it is getting hotter and it will eventually effect him.
instead, there should be a rating system on the books and magazines.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive affect on society.
this connects to the hibiscus because in the winter the plant dies but then come spring its pretty and blossoms again.
there are too many options, like when comes to the books, movies, music, and magazines.
i did not know what to do, i was completely clueless and i had no book to write my report over.
the last thing i would want my children seeing in a is offensive material.
this is how i feel about books, magazines, music, and movies.
they benefit mankind by forming alluvial soil but they also cause tremendous havoc to human life and property.
we all think it is correct to keep pornographic material and adult language away from children.
the cyclist had to go on for miles seeing anyone or anything.
yes, make sure all books, music, movies and magazines all stay away from young children if they are offensive.
dear local newspaper, opinion is yes people are on the computer to much.
first of all, i believe computers is a positive effect because you can connect with people from different parts of the world.
the visit was an unforgettable experience.
another one is how her parent cared about others so they help family and friends into they got back on their feet and how she does the same.
when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems were assigned homework, what could be a fast mean of communication?
the aid of technology, our economy would rapidly as communication countries failed to exist.
i think that computers have a bad effect on people.
although people might think to be false it is indeed true.
then, you get a new phone number and forget other people number.
the mood that the author created in the memoir was grateful and happy for what he had.
censorship is used in the media to prevent people from being offended by what they see or hear.
the features of the settings effect the cyclist by obstacles in the settings.
do we just let the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal?
finally most jobs today use computers.
dear post, computers are an advance in technology, in a good way.
next he writes about how they regularly had large dinners where they invited neighbors.
this is a .
they are also known to have a very good memory.
the on books in the world today, everything is showed every place you look.
they help us get information for a project at school, records direction, etc.
as well as do other things as well as the same time.
i know that teenagers are on the computer a lot, but if it really bother the parents, why do they have computers in their houses?
but another reason is that begging has become quite a paying profession.
as to remove books should not be allowed no matter how or what the content of the book be.
this is because of all the friends, family, and celebration.
this shows that computers give terrible effects on society.
lives of friends have been lost and friendships have been ruined.
people would take their business elsewhere.
technology is a beautiful thing indeed.
dear , computers are a great invention but people are starting to dislike it.
you will get a the .
in my personal opinion no item should be removed from the library because many people have many interesting in many topics in the library.
you might need it for typing a paper for school or work, and you can use the internet.
now says this about his house because his parents were always so up beat and caring that they showed him what love is.
these are other examples why i think computers are positive.
studies say by each upcoming generation the communication skills are decreasing by .
also, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you.
they love to eat sugarcanes.
to me, it was irritating.
when working on the you get distracted.
computers will let you talk with your best buddy and save money.
and when they got here they had to start fresh and take any jobs they could find.
i never got those books, but maybe someday they will look back on those requests and think of way they should have gotten them.
meeting new people is a good thing to .
many people say its like staring into a flashlight for an extended amount of time.
computers are very important and are life changing.
the surrounding landscape of lonely hills tumbleweeds and snakes does not inspire confidence.
blogging is also a way of communication on a computer and gives you freedom to express your feeling on education on a certain topic.
the terrain goes from being very mild to rough and rolling.
but i believe that the main purpose for computers is information.
now we are suppose to get rid of good books just because they are child friendly?!
spending time in nature is that particular persons.
people lose jobs over computers.
he would be able to see it, grab it, and himself up quicker than before.
well, you cant online scans, and some are free!
in all of these websites you can keep up with whats going on with your friends and whats new around the world.
computers are really great sources for whatever you trying to do.
the cyclist almost unconscious then runs into the fishing store where he has a sip of water.
there are books that were banned from schools throughout the country.
they cooked nice food, and invited the relatives over to eat.
if it was taken off the shelves because it offended the first person, no one would have the option of enjoying it.
why don' they see that?
today i am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are.
personally, i would love to decide for myself.
computers play many roles and being used for fun is one.
he thought he would die alone and that birds would eat him.
not only is she determined to succeed in her drivers test, but in other things as well.
the sky was studded with stars.
it shows how dangerous it can be for kids to be using the computers so much.
you have to act now, before its too late and computers have over taken the world.
outside there is great things to do like go to the park or play sports.
she is talking about the hibiscus and the geese.
people are so fat!
she misses her home and wants hibiscus just like she had at her old home.
he told us he learned to love.
for example she likes bitter melon it says.
were made it so your basically always within minutes of a teacher.
some books should not be on the shelves in libraries.
at the end of the row, on top of the shelf sits a book on the topic of evolution.
only this time, she did not want me to check out.
here is another reason why the computer is great for society.
is nice to be able to talk to friends and family online because other options are more expensive.
i cannot remember a time when i went to the library and seen something that was offensive.
that is one reason i think the books should stay on the shelves.
you have online in real life toy call in love.
computers allow now of communication between friends.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows that she realizes her connection to the hibiscus plant.
the books are put there for people to read not just to look at.
there are many ways to do this.
without the internet, we would be very behind on important news updates around the world.
in conclusion, computers have a negative affect on person because they seeing beauty.
these online social networks connect you and the people in your life to a crazy online adventure.
after years had passed by she finally found her father.
not everyone is going to like what you like and listen and believe everything you do.
that is why these types of things should be taken off the shelves immediately!
but we can’t live without water.
all they worry about is winning the game.
so this is a lot better than driving and paying gas for visiting.
the books are trusted and filled with information.
although some materials be offensive, they should not be removed from the libraries.
burning books is a bad way to destroy the foundations of the human mind.
the most important thing about this is who want these books censored or gone and why they want to remove them.
lastly you will be able to find everything you look for.
people complain about explicit content in novels when in actuality, there are many novels without explicit content.
it set this mood because he can have a nice and happy life.
he read the passage, and his eyes went wide.
we are indebted to our soldiers for their noble service.we must always respect our soldiers and encourage them.
censorship in libraries i know as well as everyone else does, that you can find almost anything, reading related, in the library.
if we did this then our country and our world would be without opinion, voiceless, and without a voice their is no direction and no moving forward.
whichever way you look at it, censorship is censorship, and censorship is wrong
so then making it harder for him to go one.
he says that is can expand our knowledge.
so the setting is affecting the cyclists endurance.
the essay takes place in the early summer.
putting books on public shelves for the public to read, can very easily cause outbursts and debates between people who have opposite opinions.
well i will tell you what would happen to all would end appointment would giving you things you already got.
as citizens of the we can not let this happen to our great nation.
but, i say they are wrong.
when i asked my father about it, he explained that our food might harm the animals.
with all of the problems in the setting the cyclist still comes through to end his journey.
the adult section has tons of different genres of books, but what do you do when you find one about ?
what we have to realize is that everyone views things in different ways.
there are thirty-four classrooms.
first, i feel that books should not be removed from libraries because some people think that they are offensive.
has as much the same right as i did.
in this day and age computers are used for many things.
this person is very grateful for all of the things he parents did.
in fact, showed of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need.
it varies through the people and what type of material they would like to read.
the project was a breeze, and i got a perfect score.
i believe it affected him in the way his attitude of the cyclist changed for the worst.
in order to maintain healthy you have to eat right and good in riding a bike.
you never know what people need to hear.
now, with the internet i can able to talk again.
that certain mood was love and family.
have fun and learn lots!
as the cyclist begins his journey, he is confident & exited to have been offered new directions from some old wise men which promise a shortcut.
if something is offensive in your library, it has no right to be there.
now, me and my friend can stay in touch and can you!
certainly, people can learn about far away places on the computer.
part this is due to spending too much time on the computer.
many people want censorship not just in libraries but in many aspects of life.
there is no reason someone would not be able to refrain from going in and getting an offensive book.
this way the only access to the books would be to get a key from a librarian.
(and also of where they are located).
removing certain materials from the library would not be in good interest.
the next morning he is excited and rejuvenated, ready to bike again.
the people all over india rallied around him.
that shows how much cares about her mother and father and how respectful is towards them.
whenever your out to eat, or shopping you can hear offensive comments or images all around you.
at some places, they are used to carry heavy loads.
if all the books that talk about history are gone then how will students be able to learn about the past.
you eat dinner and ya just want to unwind from the days gigantic adventure so you go on the computer.
in this case computers are good.
she looked up to see many birds flying overhead and she realized that she has adapted to her life in .
the mood created by the author is the mood of appreciation for his house and parents.
someone else might like it.
he could have died from either dehydration or exhaustion.
it shows that she is persistent, determined, and strong willed.
it shows that she is not going to be depressed by the change in her life anymore.
as the people of the world are starting to use the computer more and more, i think it has a extremely positive effect on people.
the parent can control the limit in the intensity or maturity of the books their child is reading.
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
everyone has the right to say how they feel and not get in trouble for it.
so cultural should not be censored, although it could have a section just for that type of material.
i also think that no one person should have the right to decide what books are too offensive for me to read.
that is how it should go.
i just think that people should have to be a certain age for some of the things though.
this making it near impossible for children to get there hands on the wrong books.
the kids might think they are good books to read, i think other wise.
students can read and borrow all types of books.
but if we get rid of all the censorship then it denies people knowledge.
they had feast with music.
this shows because as time progresses while you are on the computer you realize that typing becomes easier.
this is not what our envisioned to become and they were right.
farmers use many machines in agriculture.
the government of a country is there for keeping an order.
i could understand the whole cellphone thing but you need to make more time for your family.
the library should always have a large variety of different music.
this allows for guide and efficient research.
there are websites that help you find people.
they can help with anything.
there will always be items that will be offensive to some people, but to others there is a meaning behind it.
it not be completely accurate.
that is why computers have a negative affect on people when their face is glued to a computer.
managers or owners if you get people coming in to tell you to read this book, watch this movie.
as i got ready while my position paper this year.
when surveyed ;the majority of students said that they spent at least two hours on the computer every night.
also, at my school you can check your grades to see what you got on your last math test or quiz.
i stand by my opinion and believe offensive books, magazines, and movies should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
on the computer, there are many settings.
can create an interest in other cultures, and shape our opinions discover things about other places.
he was the first author to do .
it is crowded with
if that is the problem then the librarians can put those books in the appropriate age section.
this is especially good for me because not too long ago, one of my best friends moved away to .
people have different cultures and beliefs.
dear readers, i believe that spending time on the computer has its pros and cons.
this happened in the passage.
i felt bad just for reading this, because it just made them sound like horrible people.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show determination.
i think society is too much time in computers.
the more we all get used to it , the less many people will actually run into items that offend them.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
both of which he is still happy to have today.
he was also able to send us pictures, which helped because we all missed his face.
while reading this paper i hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world.
if a few people start censoring books then it will set off a chain reaction.
my brother is in and every day i get on the computer when i get home and video chat with him.
to sum it all up i think computers can benefit society a lot.
we need computers for life we always will need to use computers for every single day of our lives.
it also indirectly included that families can be torn apart if you let them be, but the choice is yours and you can prevent it from happening.
also hes running out of water and becoming dehydrated.
if you limit and set a time on the use of your computer everything will be wonderful.
do you believe that a book should be banned from any public library just because someone has a negative opinion about what the book is convincing readers?
this is the last reason i support computers.
offensive books should not be anywhere you are at.
think about it, would it be cool to visit a great place, like .
the choice for what is appropriate for that each child should be left up to their parents.
it created a happy environment to live in compared to the many other towns with horrible racism and segregation.
the author has many moods in the memoir.
i would rather have a few offensive books then none at all.
or if a student has to do research for an essay she can find the information easily on the computer.
a picture on a computer cannot even compare to what it is really like.
i believe that the book or magazine or should stay on the shelf for someone who has the intent to read it.
it is our way of expressing freedom of speech, and that is an integral part of our country and our culture
this is a huge problem!
life in itself can be an opinion.
to a is a big target for censorship, but it is about treating everyone fairly.
she got a we also be able to see whats going on with the and different place.
they might not want their kids to read it but their kids will still hear the same things somewhere else also.
about their kids, what happens if they want to playing they have nothing also to do card their?
for instance, their clothing.
it would be wrong to strip the kids of any learning tools.
whats the point of going on the computers if all your going to do is play games that gets boring to me.
and you cant do that with a computer.
just we had to type a prompt up on vending machines in our .
there were no signs of civilization so he could not stop any where and buy water.
finding satisfactory books for everyone in a community to agree simply will not ever be done.
we all see kids laughing and enjoying books about pretty ponies and little puppies.
look for more and just let it let?
mother has also censored music by glancing through music player and every so often, playing a song or two.
also have the ability to help people so things that an than a pig sty.
know being safe is important.
with all these physical weaknesses he
so its really confusing because he probably felt relived and mad at the same time.
these dangers effect every user and their families.
here are my reasons why.
but, you can get kinds of information from books.
it shows new realization and how the hibiscus inspired it.
there are two kinds of oranges some oranges are very sour.
no one cares so long as they get their newer and better piece of technology.
the mood in this memoir changes throughout the story.
the mood that the author created in the memoir is a very loving and caring one.
in conclusion, the setting affected the biker in a very negative way.
with libraries being found in most communities, there is going to be discussion on the contents of the items they carry.
this also shows he was happy because he was spending time with so many family members and friends.
people at libraries fight over a book.
so many people have them because their helpful and another current learning resource.
trying to control our lives as if it was your own provokes kids to rebel even more when the chance arises.
in conclusion i believe computers are good because one many kids need them for school second they have a lot of educational games.
i strongly agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
i would not want the same happen to all of the other books in the world.
a variety of people could take offense to the content this contains.
it is plenty of different reason people come to libraries.
this sight was troubling when the features of the next setting caught his eye he was desperate and devastated.
dear editor, i believe that computers are a great and fun tool.
when you were a child how much did you learn from books?
authors are brilliant people.
it is a fast and easy way to communicate with someone.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist in major ways.
i opened up the internet and typed in in and i found out that i got a on the report.
everybody needs to see whats going on in the world.
they can find out what the weather is like so they know how to puck when going places.
i found out that of kids and teens prefer online games to board games.
the author is showing how the circumstances he is in are taking a toll on him.
i know that books help me figure out many things.
i was so happy because it was no cost to me.
this mood is portrayed in many ways.
there were no buildings or people to the town anywhere.
computers open you up met new friends.
these probably exasperated the cyclist even more than he already was with the sun beating down on him.
dear local newspaper , i am against that computers benefit society in anyway.
the things authors talk about in their books and what they include no should read.
you then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard.
i also think that is where most of the stuff kids pick up are from the music they want to listen to its horrible.
soon the roads were flooded.
people are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy.
i had to skip through my lessons in english to make up for the lost time.
they are overweight, constantly suffering from fatigue, lonely, nature deprived and lazy.
either matters just let happen what happens, someone will learn from there experience so why banned now?
but computers are spending to many times on their computers.
it is better to use love and non-violence.
this often causes depression as it begins to sink in.
it beats faster when we run or walk fast.
computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can.
just like the author is going back to drivers ed.
many people, could agree with me.
and you can do this anyone, anywhere, at any time!
computers benefit us by easy aces to info.
at least or more kids are obese from recent studies.
censoring and removal of these book are pointless; for the simple reason that at least three of the four are a current issue.
now he way pounds and he is only .
one you can use to learn, two some hard care gaming, and three just talk to friends.
nature is a wonderful teacher about the circle of life and the natural way of the world.
the right they are messing with to me is the right of freedom.
not only should they be exposed to some materials that are not so clean and normal but they should be introduced to things such as foreign writing.
what if the only place you can find your favorite music is at your public library?
on , i went to the library with my brother to pick out a book for him.
its practically the same as using a disguise.
many abandoned factories, the cyclist tried many methods to decrease his thirst including sucking on stones.
my final reason why computers have good effect.
then neither party is happy, because both of their books are gone.
in the story the cyclist is riding a bike for miles.
it really does work on your hand and eye coordination.
for example, computers would really help someone if they are looking for a job because their are many stores you get to choose from.
people will start eating too much and so they will become lazy.
music should remain in libraries because of the cultural and educational sounds that most cannot find at their local music store.
well to begin my persuasive .
you could do by a click of a button.
children spend most of their time on games than studying.
it is because the sea is the source of all the water they use.
in the final paragraph, she finds that like the cherished hibiscus flower, she must be resilient and determined to succeed in her new home
so what do you think about them now.
it would get annoying if every time we wanted to talk to someone of three things would happen without computers.
in these we learn better how the world works around us and with this we learn things that can be dangerous.
i will teach the poor children without only charge.
the mood created by the author is very welcoming.
the fragrance of the flowers filled it.
that was difficult for them, but appreciated that.
movies are a big concern.
here are some situations many people run into: if one person finds a offensive but no one else does, should be removed?
somebody thinks one way and someone else thinks the complete opposite.
why would you choose the computer?
he takes his own time in taking bath and getting ready.
dear local newspaper, i am going to write to you about if i think computers are a good idea or not.
i know this is expressed because it tells you right in the text.
it also says that as the buds grow so will she.
to me, the main source of communication is chatting online.
they not know but that is blinding so they must not stay on the computers long.
so, why not the freedom of writing?
to conclude, although some books are offensive to some people and not to others, we have to be aware of what cause problems to certain people.
he gets bad directions from old guys at the camps ground.
for example people such as .
it was during it that had changed his mind.
i agree with this.
these books are written to target emotions in the reader that spark excitement and humor, horror and empathy among many others.
the winter hibiscus symbolizes her fondness of the place she used to live before.
but the hibiscus plant helped her realize she has another chance.
people object to children learning some things about history, but i think it is needed for every child to understand.
how could you become physically fit?
for one computers help with entertainment.
when trying to get rid of books just think about the people you are taking them away from
however, that same cover be interesting to a young adult because he be into surfing, suntanning, or .
i support advances in technology.
now imagine it gone from the libraries.
they can stick through it together.
have you ever researched anything using a computer?
she says thinking of home and all the great memories she shared with a plant.
everything in the setting was increasing the conflict in his story.
can you imagine it?
whatever the case maybe they should feel comfortable in the place they are at.
in conclusion, books, music, movies, and magazines should or should not be censored or removed based on the subject.
we should invest money in business only if we have experience in the business.
there is also the instance where a parent would have the child check out a specific movie with a rating.
certain materials such as books, movies, magazines, and comics can be offensive to certain people.
people have a right to read what they choose to read.
what about little kids?
computers are always being used for several things.
he is also very grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
readers please, try avoiding you computers for just one week, and you can forget those jet plane.
how would the library know which books to take off the shelf because all parents have different ideas of what is right and wrong.
i made it into a beautiful garden.
on the news, you hear about obesity.
many take great offense at the use of this word.
that but it did say one thing that surprised me.
and how his simple three room apartment has become a home.
in some cases books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
another reason why a computer is not needed is many people neglect pure nature.
kids would start reading at a slower rate, causing grades to drop.
this statement can also mean that they fear that they are going the wrong way.
if a book is too explicit for children, simply place the book in another section.
one might argue the fact that it uses an offensive 'n' word more than a few times.
they can make the choice by the way they have been raised or just because that is what they think is right or wrong.
in my personal opinion i do think that they should have to be taken off the shelf or from being sold.
shes saying by next spring shell take her test.
the ward-boys were also equally careless.
what affected the cyclist most, i think was when he arrived at the bait store.
when he saw the bait shop, his spirits lifted and he was now hopeful and relieved.
though certain books or magazines have offensive subjects or materials in them, if they were to be removed, how would we learn?
the first time she bought that plant, it brought back memories of her old home and it showed how much she missed it there.
we are not the destroyer of classic literature, and it should never come to that.
from then on i typed like that.
everyone comes to him to get something done.
for some reason some people went to stay inside on the computer but other go outside on a good warm day.
some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop.
if i was a parent i would be concerned myself.
to some, this be one of the best books ever written.
everyone have seen a lot of things that are offensive to races and beliefs.
in the past, everyone has computers and gets knowledge from them.
many teachers and students use computers daily to help them teach.
the second thing it does is dreams about future conclusions.
in this memoir the mood created the setting.
this ending gives hope to the reader and it also tells the reader to practice.
no more driving to libraries, or going out and buying games.
i have a year old brother that stays on the computer from the time he gets til the time he goes to sleep.
dear : have you ever seen an offensive book on a shelf in a library?
the operator should have the will power to know when enough is enough and lay down the and set limits!.
its not being used in a bad why at all just using the terms of how they did back in the olden days.
the mood in the memoir could be many things the one that really stands out to me though is grateful.
their home was almost a sanctuary.
this is a question you must think about when making this important decision.
i do not believe that anything that contains certain contents should be removed from the shelves.
also, possibly you are having trouble with math homework and you are home alone, what do you do then?
not allowing anyone under to check out explicit materials would also help.
cell phones provide calling usage of course, but they also allow you to text someone.
different subjects offend different people and taking away a book or movie because offends one person should not happen.
this is because he is sharing family memories and those of his home.
they should also make it where you rate a book like you rate movies, video games and other things.
dear local newspaper, computers are a waste of time!
first, i think know book should be taking off on any shelf of any library.
are still with me?
these are the reasons i think computers can be bad.
well, if you sit at the computer all day every day, you will become like that.
com and find it in a split second.
she spends a lot time on the computer whether she likes it or not.
some people go to the library just to see them kind of books.
our society is maturing too fast for young children, why should the library take part in that?
the terrain he had to go through was unbearable and could almost kill him without water.
whenever they catch the prey, they are killed by crushing.
the mood of the excerpt is very bright.
they wait and start their reports the day before their reports are due.
first of all, the desert was very hot which makes travel very difficult.
so eat carefully, take exercise for health and cultivate mental energy for a better life.
where he is riding there is up and down hills also the road is very rough.
then it gets into talking about the hibiscus and how it reminds her of homeland and all of the good memories that she has experienced.
therefore these statements above show how settings can affect ones mind and physical conditions to the cyclist.
this would create exhaustion.
making a call from to can be very expensive but with email, i can talk to my friend, , free of charge.
computers are a quick and easy way to look up information for a school project or paper.
i wish gold gives me golden wings one day which can appear and disappear when i wish.
for example, i would have a room for +, and a room for +.
new read on for reason.
the computer makes life a little easier and its fun too, and would be a handy tool for writing a newspaper.
the mood that the author creates in the memoir is loving and grateful.
they do because they are trying to get guys to buy them just for that one pitcher that is in it.
have you ever wondered that?
everyone spend time with their family, having fun together, celebrating together would give you a happy feeling of what a family is.
compare a person with a laptop to one without.
the passengers rushed to board the train.
options are let it happen now or let it happen later.
we have them for breakfast in the form of cornflakes, bread, and cakes.
dear i think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology.
everyone knows about hackers, and so we avoid them.
probably not this is why websites like and are getting more and more members each day.
generally, school children should have ambitions.
son of a poor farmer.
libraries should have whatever they want in the library.
do they let everybody read it once?
i am going to tell you why they should be censored, and what should be censored.
then each family had to buy the software and programs to go with the computer.
if anything it will take away happiness in the world.
all kids should have .
these features in setting are cruel.
on the computer one can go to a search sight and type in my place in the whole world.
so, to sum up this paragraph, a computer is easy way to easy , and you need to keep computers to see for yourself.
the lady at the front desk was stunned she has never had someone go off on her for the seven years she had worked there.
some people who use computers use them for the wrong reasons.
would you rather have your children have a good education or not know how to read?
', and they will most likely not know to say at that moment.
what do you think is in store for the next years to come?
computers help people communicate, learn, and even provide entertainment.
recess is the best part of the school day.
thousands of books are censored each year.
is there movies, music, magazines, books, and more in our libraries today seen as offensive to some?
in conclusion you live a happier life when explore the.
like say you been planning a trip to for your honeymoon but never been there or know anything about it, but your honeymoon is a month away.
i want to talk about interacting with family and friends.
the computer is surely a great invention.
although it would be nice to see some books and magazines banned, it would be quite difficult to accomplish.
lastly you can talk and video chat.
i believe they be correct.
we would be living in a much more healthy and clean word.
so, the water issue was clearly the main point of of conflict that the author presented in the setting.
or maybe even planning out a get together with some of your old friends?
arguing in my family causes friction to the point where we become unsocial and turn to a computer.
my third and final reason is no future.
i love it when people are not afraid to be themselves.
paper burns at degrees .
lastly computers let us talk to other people online.
dear , these days are telling kids to go outside instead of vegging out in front of a computer.
my opinion is my opinion but i will stand strong with what i have.
you could use that time to socialize with friends and family.
i hope you take into consideration not removing these types of things from libraries and anywhere else
people all have there own mind sit to away that they want to live or how they want there kids to live.
farmers prepare the fields likewise and sow seeds there.
people in , think the same.
they do help.
like a job you print out a paper every week or day even.
of teens are shopping by brand names, like: , , , .
this way, there is a less likely hood that a young child will end up getting a book with material for an adult or teenager.
they control and manage the traffic at road junctions and crossings.
also he had to ride careful past a huge snake which could have hurt him.
lastly, your health is very much at stake.
there are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete with other people around the world.
they just keep people away from going outside, enjoying nature and spending time with family and friends.
i think that this difference between books and movies is a simple thing: books do not normally have an inappropriate cover, while bad movies often do.
there are many ways we can track the content of the things we can checkout.
this made his journey very dangerous.
restrictions such as age for purchase should be raised, that is about the only way that explicit content can be blocked.
but most importantly, you can learn so much!
dear local newspaper editor, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea.
if you throw the candy away, what does that mean for the other party guests?
after all, it is your life, and you get to choose the way you want your children to act.
if they learn from these offensive materials, then parents should teach them is wrong and is right.
the answer would be a society that is unable to share ideas, concerns, and experiences.
the library is a homestead to the knowledge seeker.
about of people say that they are addicted.
it is a heavy decision to make but the decision could make or break the publishing group or legal party
computers are all needed just for those reasons.
computers help so many people with everyday questions.
computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult.
then he thought he has only miles to go, so he kept going.
for example, if you were to type in a certain animal there would be an overdose of pages pertaining to your topic.
out of every ten computer owners in a recent survey stated that they had to service their computers within the last three months.
it has expanded from just a place of books to a building which also houses music, movies, magazines, and other forms of media.
over all i believe computers are a great source to get information off of but should not be addicted so called toy.
movies use to be simple, they would have a simple plot, and everyone loved it.
this is due to the extremes in censorship that are being placed on libraries and schools in general.
so then i decided the next time i have a project to do it on the internet.
i have had a few disturbing experiences myself.
therefore, it makes it much easier to learn about a certain place, person or thing.
magazines these days are even worse.
in conclusion was very proud and thankful to his parents.
how could you just take that away?
out of students that they spend more time indoors than out.
i hope you and the readers of this paper see my point of view.
all of us dream of becoming famous when we grow up.
allowing this we are creating future generations of great thinkers.
additionally, people all around the world have become addicted to the internet.
you should not teach you children off of things like that it will make them want to do things without thinking or considering what is really going on.
in paragraph , he explains that family means those who care for and about you and stick by you no matter what.
it gives us the ability to learn more about what we are learning in school and maybe the ability to learn new things too.
she loved the way it made her feel.
libraries can not take the books away all together from readers who enjoy these kinds of books.
some of the reasons i think this is because like in paragraph .
the shelves would be blank.
every intelligent citizen would that computer have wrong information.
you could gain loads of knowledge and make interaction with others easier with a click of the cursor.
also the heat contributed plenty and it was there the whole time.
he feels that an ideal doctor must adjust his professional needs with social service.
being influenced by violence will make you commit crimes.
computers can also be used for research.
as you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society.
says is very entertaining but is not brain damaging.
was reminding his dad about it all.
if you want to know more about different cultures such as .
but, a book on the black panther organization maybe offensive to someone else.
yes a friend a live and breathing human being, losing some weight will help you gain confidence if you just try.
should censorship be allowed in libraries?
he said that what they did was a more courageous thing than he could have ever done.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
many business rely on the work of computers entirely.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
i think this is the mood the author used in the memoir.
it is like they are part of our daily vocabulary now.
they benefit our society in many ways.
but why waste enemy going to travel agency when in the internet instead say travel agent .
every year, more and more books of significance to literature are being taken off of the shelves in our local libraries and classrooms.
no i know you will not,but think about that when you expect others to agree with what you say or think.
it interferes with social time, health, and physical activities.
also, lets say your doing a project and you need information instead of rushing to the library you can use the computer and find it.
you can also chat with people online.
if you have no hills and it is a sunny breezy day it makes it nice to ride.
parents could be outside.
it is that easy.
she feels the snows meet, the geese return, she says that she will take that test again.
she discovers that you will adapt to your surroundings over time.
they provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information.
and how thing change when you go to different place.
then he saw that it was abandoned and he lost all hope.
my experience with this proved another point that certain books should not be banned.
i remind you, a library is an invaluable resource.
let me explain my point of view.
lastly, i you sit on the you will miss out on the awesome life you were waiting for since you can remember.
this quote shows that it is extremely hot and it is affecting his riding.
the mood that was set was about how you should keep peace in the house.
they might not want to be around you as much.
lastly the mood is interpreted from his family.
now picture this; kids turning in eight page essays to their teachers, when typing it would have taken three.
all in all, i think that the material should just simply be taken off of the shelves.
for all we know, a book censored could have saved millions of lives.
people are losing time and everything.
this shows that the writer appreciates how much his parents cared for others, and how much others cared for them.
that is a simple aspect of logic that with time comes chase.
she works harder since she knows without water, her life is in danger.
trees are valuable natural resource.
the children were enjoying rides on the merry-go-round.
our teacher also played with us.
she was embarrassed for weeks after it happened.
i would be very upset if my child had to see that.
did you know that from being on the computer all the time you lose focus on exercising anymore?
also it takes you away from what life has to offer.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and kind for many reasons.
there was often people staying in his house because they temporarily needed a place to stay until they got back on their feet.
the internet, a marvelous created years ago .
the computer, next to the , is probably the number one thing that makes people fat.
by many, i mean millions.
so by you not burning off that fat you just keep gaining and gaining.
children need to be protected from materials that hurt them in some way.
the people who want to see the latest movies that just came out, are usually going to see some type of violence.
that is why computers are good and we need them.
when does homework got done?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
saying that she is getting used to where she is now and wants and is willing to give it a chance.
by this hes understood that the best way to travel anywhere is the path or road he knows because hell know what to expect.
they have your bank account password too!
she can feed him which she ca do online.
computers are way to burdens of work.
his description of this home is very soothing to me because it just has a happy background and his talk so highly of.
i know your thinking that computers could be used for education, but humans prefer fun over anything else and i hoped this helped you realized that.
this actually improve some people social if they are shy.
also, it would be good if you double check your information because it could be fake.
just by doing that you lose a lot of weight and not gaining weight on the computer.
computers are one of the leading problems with weight and you are and interesting with society when on the computer.
her mother has a garden, and she relates to it in that she has a different past, preferring natural foods like bitter melons over .
the censorship of any work is unconstitutional because as citizens of the we have total freedom of the press.
she teaches me how to plant and take care of them.
see, they do have a positive effect.
authors write books for a reason, musicians write music for a reason, people make movies and magazines for a reason.
what can you do about this problem?
computers also help people with their coordination, which is very important.
for example the commercials for gum with that woman, some people might consider that offensive.
when i am older and if one of my elementary children was to bring home a book over abortion, i would be concerned.
i can tell that he is inspired by them.
the dog has a long history and it may be the long living animal on the earth.
personally i have been able to talk and see my family who live overseas through the advanced technology on computers.
but some tell you what age it is suitable for.
i think there needs to be some kind of organization set up to go around and help censor libraries.
people should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day.
there are many different types of books, movies, magazines, and music on the shelves in a library.
it will also help us see new places because we can goon the internet.
we needed it to thrive.
a farmer lives a simple life.
furthermore, typing is a mandatory class for many freshmen and previous experience is very helpful to the teachers and students.
do you see all people computers looking up facts about things as going on the computers learning.
if you want to start dating again you can always start online.
their choice to publicly demonstrate something made by someone is all their choice.
there are many online websites that help students discover and process different areas around the world.
people can use computers for almost everything for one their are hundred of websites on the computer.
the text says, somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
it is a word that can ban music from stores, books from shelves, and movies from theaters.
he started getting a little doubtful with himself as well, that wont help much with bringing success of the trip.
in the , there consists of many libraries that are available to the public with an interminable amount of information.
they are, therefore, our best guides and philosophers, when we are in some confusion.
when a reader comes across a book that is against the way they see politics, there can be a real problem.
as for food, you sit and eat junk food.
lead to civil war between the northern states and the southern states.
i think that since he talks about his friends and neighbors so well that it is a happy neighborhood.
are removed from shelves then is not practicing it preaches to the many of people who come here in search of freedom.
if picked up a book on why is the right religion and i am a then more then likely i will find it offensive.
people need to stop being so easily offended and realize the library is not trying to harm anyone.
of our children play video games .
by seeing or hearing something that comes off very offensive will tend to bring confusion to the library.
if the whole community disagree with a library about a certain material then the community have a say in it.
so that way not only do you get to talk to them, but you can see them too.
as i said, these books, magazines, music, etc.
there are thousands of videos listed on this site and millions of people who watch them.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'.
computers help students with homework and projects and they help communicate with other people.
books should be left uncensored so they can be enjoyed by whoever wants to read them.
i feel this way but i am not a person that is tuck in their ways where you cant change their mind.
when walking into the library and children are finding books, movies and magazines they should not look at.
he also encounters a terrain change, from flat road to short, rolling hills.
he believed that family is everyone that you love and are close to, not just blood relatives.
censorship in libraries aimed toward historical events should not be allowed.
together the plant the hibiscus.
they were to type quicker that they could before.
whether that means faster internet better, researching book or more websites, a computer has it all.
one of the first errors his makes is take advice from people that have no clue of where there are at.
therefore, the features of the setting affected the reader by highlighting the negativity of his situation, which in turn drives him to continue pedaling.
that other person might want to use the material, but because of restrictions set by the first person, the borrowing of the work becomes prohibited.
i think the computers have helped people with their jobs.
memories would be when we hung around with friends and family.
the hard being the kitchen.
it is better than because it is faster and more than calling someone up and talking for.
without the setting he would not have been in such a serious but luckily in the end the setting helped him be determined enough to make it.
also, researching a topic on the computer is so much easier compared to going to the library and reading books.
then they all get very depressed.
she loved her heritage which she still adore today.
in the end, when he finds a place to rest, he turns it all into a lesson hell surely abide by: follow the map!
as people develop their own opinions and views overtime they begin to distinguish the difference between right and wrong.
your friends be offended by your favorite movie or show.
the did this because so they would not have anyone try to be a rebel and over throw the .
to begin with i feel everyone should admire the libraries.
they need to try and limit everything that is offensive, to try stop anybody from getting harmed
computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in.
students stand in groups and talk.
, computers offer many learning opportunities.
many libraries contemplate whether or not they should remove an offensive item due to some peoples' opinions.
already upset about failing her driving test, the main character is upset missing her homeland.
computers breed had communication and you can easily communicate other ways with family and friends.
this is unfair for any student, because this novel is inspiring and life changing, so they are definitely missing out.
i believe that if material being read of listened to is offensive then it should be taken off the shelf.
in fact, statistics recently released by the show that computers are the leading reason for obesity.
the cat is domestic per animal.
he sees empty plains, cracked, dry ground, and the hot sun.
i know you agree with me.
its hard to show how its bad to say an offensive word to someone, that they herd on the radio.
next reason is because people that are on computers tend to get .
in conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more.
i hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers.
what do you think?
, in ones opinion about computers and what they can do to benefit society these days.
after a study they proved that talking on a phone is cheaper then using the computer.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is warm, grateful, and very palpable to the reader.
i could not find it because someone else found it inappropriate and had asked that the book be removed from the shelf.
people find something special in what they read that other people might not find.
i still do not see why it is such a big deal of reading uncensored material.
the author chooses to end this story like this for many reasons.
plus your fingers get a exercise when your typing.
like anything, computers have downsides too.
for instance, the man drank so much water, he almost ran out; the water bottle contained only dehydration which can cause death.
(par ) this gives the memoir a sweet mood, the author shows his happiness and gratefulness for everything his parents had done for him.
i know that a lot more kids too because i was reading in a magazine that of interacting with their kids as much as they got a computer.
but my favorite game is the hedgehog.
music that teenagers listen to they already know what most of the songs are talking about so why offer only censored music at libraries?
in conclusion, the computer has some good sources.
the internet hold false information and can be a waste peoples time.
i specially grow in the coastal part.
in this generation, more kids are overweight and obese that any other other generation.
my car is remote-controlled.
their are some books that are being censored for little to no reason.
for example i have younger sisters and they love to go on the computer and some websites are not good for younger kids.
if people were less stubborn, they could see more perspectives and become more aware of how others felt.
as you can see this is my first reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
now we can play games, go on the.
he is thirty-five years old.
at home, in school, in your car, at work, and hotels.
computers can be very they resourceful at .
the mood in this memoir can be described as anything happy.
if the listener does not enjoy rap music, then they will stop listening and try to find a different kind of music.
must be getting offended much more easily these days, because it seems that media is censored more than it ever has been.
that is the way it always has been and more than likely, the way it will always be
for example when you leave the library the people that work there want you to come back and tell other people about their library.
so its already too late for that.
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
people not want there kids to look at certain things but, they need to keep them were there kids cant find them.
these reasons are why i think a computer is a positive technology.
my three reasons are to look up information, homework and talking online to friends and family.
people who work at about need the computer to access your account to get your money.
it really does hold us back, and is worse for our health.
the setting causes difficult problems for the cyclist and tough hazards.
also you can put clothes and other store products an hold.
the way i look at it is, is that everyone has their own beliefs and rights their own opinions.
the author concludes the story with that particular paragraph for a number of reasons.
they could buy flight tickets, book a room at the hotel, and even get a rental car for when they land.
i hate when kids are tempted or forced to look at porn.
she will try as hard she can to fit in and enjoy her new life.
the computer also has websites on the internet that are used in schools.
thank you for your time.
not only is home a to be but a for family to be unified.
computers play a big role in the obesity factor.
the person saying that the person is not going to get off the computer.
i will take that test again.
i agree that computers do benefit society because every one uses one or has one it helps you with important stuff the computer makes things easy.
you know people that like to travel to far away places and have fun would rather that than waste their time on a computer.
they struggled both personally and financially, braving the harsh northern winters while yearning for their native tropics and facing cultural hardships.
another thing is that most kids have seen a movie with graphic content in it, or they have played a video game with it in the game.
for example, the sun was beginning to beat down.
in the end, the choice is really up to you.
i would read books or i would put a puzzle together or something.
movies that are funny entertain children daily ; some children even quote movies and make other children laugh.
this shows that computers are important to students, and are used their benefit.
instead of calling them up or sending them an email you could chat with them and still see them in the flesh!
some such as playing sports.
he passes abandoned towns and creeps into the desert flat land.
there are a lot of other kids that do this as well, it really is very helpful.
an ideal teacher treats his students like his own children.
but if the offensive are in libraries people should take them to court offensive books, movies, magazines, and music
books, magazines, movies, music, etc, are all good to read, watch or listen to.
dear newspaper editor, of have and use computers everyday.
i think computers have a great effect on people
you to watch popular with today.
a lot of jobs today require you to use a computer, for example working at a bank you use computers all day!
instead they could be going outside or even study.
they believe individuals might take offense to certain types of beliefs from the different variety of entertainment that they have in their library.
broadly speaking beggars are of two types-able bodies and disabled.
sometimes the offending nature of a novel is what makes it good.
discover how great an impact computers can have on your life with just a click of the mouse.
overall i think computers have a positive effect on society.
her friends and family, refugees came to her house all the time.
it was easy to find out how life was in , thanks to the actual girl explaining it.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
if libraries were censored more people would be upset.
the child must be at least in order to get a pass from the parent though.
some people find that offensive and some not.
books based on religion, or maybe a website based on a musician that had references to drugs in their lyrics.
first of all, computer are very helpful with typing skills.
this caused a problem where the cyclist thought that he would die in the desert because of the weather, directions he was given, and lack of water.
or maybe you need to find out what the weather will be like, there are many websites for that.
it charges a nominal amount for carrying our letters and parcels from one place to the other.
the mood created by the author in a memoir.
there are the reasons to why i think that people should less time on the internet, and more outdoors.
libraries are a communal institution, open to all views and writings.
a library should not be biased.
when we would arrive home are parents would ask what we saw, we would lie and say we saw the new movie.
there is an adult section for adults not children, people need to realize that.
you can not please everyone, so in that case, censorship will just have to be looked beyond.
dear , i am writing to you because of the concern of people that have computers.
the great out doors should be one of the best places to be.
i hoped to see some of them.
if we take peoples choice away what are they going to have?
for example i stopped watching the movie, and i stopped reading the book that bothered me.
and, you can go online dating!
you can your job and talk to the people you need to talk to.
do i think that certain materials that are offensive to other people be removed from the libraries?
just because you do not enjoy it does not mean someone else will not also.
inside we boarded a small train which took us around the park.
eliminating material from the shelves would be unfair to people.
it causes him to dehydrate and have a need for water.
after planting the hibiscus she watches the geese and understands that every year they change their habitat.
no matter what we do, some one will be offended.
at this point, he is becoming unsure of how good the directions he obtained really were.
at many schools, students are asked to write research papers.
all of us have rights, all of us have the same chance to express what we feel, think or believe.
also, due to the high amounts of information online, schools seem to be growing obsolete as computers typically hold all information obtained in a regular school year.
what would be left?
i had to argue and prove a point in why i should have , on my .
our government gives us the right to have freedom of speech.
then came some rolling hills which would be another big challenge for him.
the last example was that he grateful for his parents sacrifice and love.
with the internet you can use websites like google, and .
do you use it every day?
she sat down and looked up hundred schools.
aim is a good way to talk to friends and plan get together.
another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your home town.
it not seem like a lot is missing now, but as time goes on the gap will increase, and more knowledge will be taken from our grasp.
and he appreciates that more than anything.
when they are older they might actually like them.
they their friends how to type in the computer and teach them some stuff about the history.
nudity has always been considered a bad thing but penises and boobs are part of the human body.
on a bicycle it must be even worse knowing that if you run out of water op one will be there to save you from dehydration.
( you the computers are a positive effect on people?)
there are now several ways to talk to friends, phones, texting, instant messaging, and even video chat!
if kids watch, hear or read about violence, they are most likely to start being violent when they start hearing or reading about it.
it can our spirit when we are depressed.
we go to the church to offer prayers and enjoy singing christmas carols.
items should not be removed from the shelves based on the fact that someone takes offense to it.
the memory of many souls working together despite radical racism in that time really gives the memoir a communal sense.
finally, his parents were able to support these bonds.
however, people say that computers give the wrong information many times, but if you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you.
your old enough to be able to handle the content.
life would be very difficult without them.
there is always a smile on his face.
another reason is that people will not do school work if their to concentrated on the computer.
either way, completely getting rid of books because of their content is a terrible idea.
we could use to send documents and papers, we could bring to tax appointments and pair suits.
they are so they can also help other refugees.
although the censorship of media through a library is only on a small scale, but censorship is censorship.
all minor adjustments and easy to make.
if somebody wants to read about a specific topic, then they have the right to.
a cyclist is affected by many things when riding, most being features of the setting.
reading is the best way to learn.
in this case it was leaving friends, family, and work behind and moving to a totally different country.
the people running the business decide to take out older pieces of work that offend younger people in this generation.
out of house hold have computers, or of does.
i love family but i interact with them.
but also like the geese she will go back her face hardships again.
another example, my sister gets home first thing.
many people not agree but i just tried to make people to see my point of this statement.
she said she was ill.
some of my observations that i have seen were not really good.
another mood is that he is grateful.
the outcome of this story and the climbers was determined by their setting.
they use them to show you and inform you on how things used to be and what it was like during the time.
i would never watch or anything like but my friends who have watched have learned something.
, i am writing this letter to inform you about the use of computers.
one object, such as a book, a movie, or a magazine, can teach a person millions of lessons.
all of these factors create something new in the cyclist.
that is how the setting affect the cyclist.
he is very good in studies.
he was running out of water, the sun was beginning to beat down, and he was probably tired of pedaling.
i thank them repeatedly.
the computer can help in many ways.
one way is to make a certain account where you can meet people who aim or a different account.
the dangers are always there.
as well as for research, school use computers to type papers.
there are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world.
they are very convenient.
the computer only benefits you in a way.
the first reason is computers teach hand eye coordination.
dear of , you know that eight out of ten homes in have at least one computer if not more?
to break the impasse, i exchanged the note.
according to about of teens spend most of their time on an computer.
what i do think is that they should keep everything in the library.
overall computers are that make life that much more stressful.
it is time to reap them.
everyone has their own opinion and interests so they should have everything open in libraries.
and read about people and go to countries just by a clicking a button is pretty amazing.
but to and behold, my sister arrived with her boisterous and rowdy kids for a week.
we need to get these types of songs out of our libraries.
but they can still be in there because some people might want to read them.
they more likely describe things.
if people spend hours on the computer it will result in bad eye sight.
that means if we censored our libraries to the extreme there would be no books left.
kids walk in to go buy candy then they go to pay for it and the back wall is full of tobacco products that the kids can see.
they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school.
hand eye coordination is an important and this skill is further developed by the use of computers.
the author explains of how he felt of his parent that risk everything in order to give him a better future according to paragraph .
as for reading materials, the opinions could be endless and even painful to hear.
it would of taken me forever to there, so instead i went online and talked to him.
it makes his muscles work harder and use his strength more.
in my life explicit music seems to be something that some people are trying to ban.
then you could print it out whenever you need it.
to prove the point, let me introduce some content advisory systems currently in place.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
its not the real plant but she gets it to remind her where she comes from.
i know i do.
i reach school at eight in the morning and attend my classes.
the world of books can be an escape from the world they live in.
dear , you think people should stop going on the computer?
they might also have to have an adult with them.
he thanked his parents because he was so happy they created a family not just a home.
this would make her feel strong and focused.
you ask yourself why?
these thoughts, opinions, and facts be offensive to a select few in our .
also you can talk to people around the world.
but luck used to favour them, and they used to get top positions.
concluding the stay with a bit about the geese conveys to the reader that she is slowly but surely learning how to adapt to her strange new home.
but creators of the computer are worried that people are spending to much time on the computer.
no book should be taken off the shelves for any reason.
that could be a good and a bad thing.
finally the last reason why computers are bad is because they take away from your family life.
also, it is the best information database known to and is probably the most used.
because they help people learn about faraway places.
there are many reasons this paragraph is included.
now then my point is that even though to many a book be horrible but to others it be the best book in the world.
a friend of mine had parents that kept her from many things in the world around her, blinding her from what she should have known.
maybe, the states would become smarter and contain more knowledge.
he should take a bath every day.
at the beginning of his ride there are people around and he has no troubles.
for this reason, they should not check them out.
just because a certain group of individuals finds the type of music offensive, does not mean everyone also thinks that way.
the author concludes the story that way so she can keep everyone wondering.
keep playing the some music.
this communal burning would make it easier to control the public mindset.
it really make miss out on half of their day.
she said i needed parent consent before i was able to check it out.
it is everywhere: books, movies, songs, and television shows.
the was a dark time.
brings everything back full circle.
but when he did get to the town that was abandon to.
in the afternoon, we were all hungry and tired.
the author knows how she loves those things and that they would encourage her.
books, magazines, music, and movies should not be taken off of shelves if they are found offensive.
my father was with me all the time.
i often find books, movies, or magazines offending another race.
for example, last i went to tennis with mom and shes never on the computer.
the technology of computers has brought education to new.
hate sites that encourage terrorism, racial violence and drug use are all over the web.
i am sending this letter to you about my views on censorship in libraries.
they complete us all.
it allows us to type essays and projects.
as more and more of these books are released, the more likely it becomes that children will be reading these offensive stories.
taking out the pieces in the library, will be useless in the long run.
firstly, the computer allows your children who are also students to do better on their projects and reports.
it seem as if viewing, reading or listening to something violent or explicit, would have an effect on the listener.
in other words, computers can be used for fun!
books movies and music should not be removed from the shelves.
dear of the , you know that computer have been around since the .
it shows that there is still possibility that she can get on with her life.
he should have lovable habits.he should have good manners.
learn a lot now, and you will be better off down the road!
this little vow to herself was a message to not give up.
some talk about nonfiction and some fiction.
my mother took me into the library and i found a book, 'a .'
off of the shelves
at they help with homework and projects.
if one parent finds something to be offensive or inappropriate, they shelter their children from it.
the temptations to read violent and vulgar books should be overcome.
in conclusion, these are some reasons how the setting affects the cyclist.
he needs to get up and move around.
so learn, experience, and express.
for example, in history class a student is assigned an assignment to get done over the about for a grade.
i reason that computers are more unhealthy for us.
i love being on the .
business and commercial line is just the thing which i hate.
there have been so many drunk driving crashes recently in our nation with children who should not have even been drinking.
i also said worth living because they had food on their table everyday.
do they have a good effect or bad effect.
if these authors, directors, and producers have their specific product taken off of the shelves it would be offensive to them.
again, you thought wrong.
most of the crime we have today people blame on music.
first of all, the author creates this mood that makes you want to cry.
she was disappointed in failing the test so she took comfort in memories of her homeland.
the author is explaining that he had family friends over to his house to eat almost every night.
one book to one person could mean something totally different to another.
libraries are for people to check out books or other sources, and not to remove books or other source off the shelves.
lastly you can enjoy you surrounding and appreciate life and nature.
the computers can help you stay connected with them.
authors, directors, producers, and artists will all change their material if we show them that it is not what we want.
another astounding development in computer technology is that you can talk to other, no matter where their location is.
there are bad books but there are also good books in the library.
my friends mother had enough and had to kick him out.
the mood created by the author is loving because it talks about how generous and caring his family is.
plus what made the setting even hotter was he has been cycling nonstop.
weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
this saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade.
because of this, he ends up lose and acne.
for example, the cool pines, no one in sight, and i am alone.
so was wise in her observation.
this quote helps add to the homesick girl.
there are new additions daily.
that could have possibly impacted how she did on her driving test.
the narration states its a beautiful plant she finally said in sad you got it(no).
also in the spring she lives a couple month in the and she will adjust herself to this new situation.
but she believed she could overcome the situation and life was full of hope.
and the reason why i feel like that is because i passion for computer.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the conditions seem impossible to make it in.
, technology majors support that the use of computers have a positive effect on people and i agree with them.
in the process, many boots stepped on my shoes and i too trod on many boots.
it also makes it easier to find health insurance, car insurance, and house insurance.
keeping all the materials like books, music, movies, etc is a way to appeal for everyone.
he evaluates the answers of the note-books.
the author also loves his family.
without computers we would not have some of the knowledge we have .
not only is it a punishment for them, but it is also to keep them away from other people.
this is unacceptable on a person why we should be prohibited in computers.
the intense heat, rough terrain, the animals and his isolation all contributed to his strain while completing his challenging task.
readers the computer can help you in your school work.
so read my reasons and by the end i hope i made my point.
however, i said that computer help people learn about thing that happen in the word.
i spend my free time drawing pictures.
students have project after project assay after essay and its a lot of work.
understanding that there are young, fragile children, that are privy to all forms all public entertainment, some censorship be required.
others join them after finishing their lunch.
they teach us life long lessons.
computers maybe useful but they are over used.
as you can see the cyclist was affected in many ways by the features of the setting.
there are some things that can be offensive in a library like prejudice books or music.
he was going two.
from the time they were your children probably had a keyboard at their fingertips.
communication is another huge part of our daily lives.
it is said that the small children are like butterflies because the small children too are innocent.
i fully agree with adults not letting children watch that new scary movie or that action book their brother is reading.
but today, literature has gone down a new course.
people still rely on computers just as much more today.
for this reason any genre of music can sit on the shelves at a library.
computers can help with that!
he also states a road sign rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
in all honesty yes, let them read and listen to whatever they think is interesting.
with , i can not only hear her voice every day but see her face, too.
when riding a bike it not seem to hard.
who are we to fault the people of the and for how that articulate words?
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
let them find out about stuff when they ask a question.
most students use the computers to type college essays, project etc.
will help us in the future, we will get good grades on project because of are sources.
so, get up, grab the kids and get going on your new and energized, pain free life.
i like my house very much.
next computers help us with our school work.
and computers do really break because people could download a game or something and then it gives it virus.
there are many different genres of books, music, movies, and magazines.
you could buy tickets, shop, talk with friends, and have fun just by sitting on a .
that is not good for your health at all.
if others find that offensive then that is their problem.
movies and music have rating and kids can not check out offensive materials.
and these setting could be easily formed in the middle part of the essay.
you might be able to get rid of a few, but would probably never rid the shelves of all of them.
this is my second reason why computers are helpful.
for example, a kid goes to see a movie that has a lot of violence in it.
also the computer can play the favorite song on the computer.
no need to look and look a hundreds of books just to get one little fact.
the heat and the hills and the lack of water had the greatest affect on the cyclist.
did you know that of our jobs in the is mostly about using a computers.
we need computers like we need water.
the author also talks about how grateful he is for his parents.
because certain materials in the objects listed can start off bad behavior.
it has been proven by science that social people live longer than people who never talk to anyone.
the people were brainwashed, and those who were not rose up, and when they did they were shot down.
of course, anyone can get the notion to do something from anything they read but that is how they interpret it.
where in life.
in my own opinion, computers are great addition to our world.
my second main reason to why using the internet is good because if your a , you can go online to check what you have for each subject.
different people have different ambitions.
he helps them to be happy.
according to a study done by the , the largest cause obesity is actually computers!
also help with learning about far away places.
computers have a large effect on people.
you could think before you reply and most people online talk or write way differently there then in person.
the author creates a proud mood in the memoir.
it is always saying that his house was always filled with friends and family.
a computer can help a kid in so many ways, it can help students with homework, let students talk to friends, and help with school projects.
i believe by following these simple steps, staying active, staying off the computer and spending time with the family.
or get bad grades for doing the bad research.
they can help us learn how to type, connect us with our world and bring families closer together.
there have been so many movements over time, many started with literature and it affected the culture and the people.
dear editor of the , you know of people in own computers!
we can learn about the climate.
in , in my opinion i think computers have helped our society over the years, but other people think differently.
when going to a library you expect to see various books, movies, music, magazines, and maybe other items.
finally computers help us get our news foster.
they allow you to write efficiently and neatly.
also the desert gives the author low hope of reaching his destination.
libraries are for studying, learning, and entertainment in a quiet, peaceful place.
around the library were a thousand stories of a man and woman falling in love, but never did i find a fairy tale of two princes.
using computer to learn about different places is easy.
my first reason is about searching new places and meeting new people.
well i can, children today are learning nothing but violence and cursing these days.
why do people do crazy things now in these day?
as the world turns, life cannot be stopped because bad or inappropriate things exist.
this story is explaining how the features of your environment can either make or break you.
books!!!
if everything that was found offensive to certain people was taken off of library shelves, there would be nothing left
he is s stockbroker, and operates his whole job from the computer in his house.
personally, i believe that if you see something like that, that you believe is offensive, you should say something.
then finding some one to move your stuff for a fair price.
if you keep complaining there will be numerous amounts of complaints right back at you.
i believe things in the nature should be handled in great authority.
the author also gives a sad mood at the memoir.
what would they do if one person thought that a movie on what they were doing was offensive?
the computer does this.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people because it will help you with interacting, learning and coordination.
many books, magazines, and television shows portray this as well.
also at a library their are age level restrictions on cards that prevent a child from checking out offensive material.
i am going to tell thinks way.
to prevent these issues, i say we put a limit on our use of technology.
my mom hates wasting, so instead of me driving to a friend we .
however sometimes it is good to have offensive things in books.
blood and all things cruel have been talked about and heard about too.
the roads got windy and small hills occurred.
the policeman is an important public servant.
the cyclist became very hot and thirsty from traveling in the desert.
the internet is a wonder place where you can look up information for a school project and learn about different topics.
you can help them.
this is lost hope.
voluntary organizations arrange relief camps and provide medical facilities.
it is wise to set censors in the libraries, for students.
books are not made for just one person they are made for many people to read and possibly enjoy.
i disagree with this statement.
so the time has come to make a let your kid be lazy on the computer and get into or go have fun with them?
the children might just be looking at books and magazines in the library and not even check it out.
i know that a the should agree.
if the person complains about a book, music,movies or anything then they should not go to the library.
allowing that music, or movie, or book to be made, and then take it away is ridiculous.
the tone in the memoir is nostalgic as he recalls the hard work of his parents, the people who he considers family, the food and the music.
that is why i say that how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
also, most teachers expect an essay to be neat possible.
traveling by bus in an enjoyable experience and i prefer traveling by my car.
well, i do.
all of these things can give wrong ideas to our children and teenagers.
others have retorted to this statement by saying that if every book that is viewed as offensive is taken off the shelves, the shelves would be nearly empty.
( line ) , in paragraph , the author explains how grateful he is to his parents which showed him the lessons which became the root of his life.
its not so hard to decide to censor something when its only your opinion.
i don’t allow anyone to pluck flowers from my garden.
they need to have more than one copy of a book if they fight over one book.
if reading materials were taken away that are found offensive, our ability to learn and grow as humans might as well be taken away as well.
the authors parents invited refugees to stay with them until the got back on their feet.
its a quicker and new way to meet new people.
lastly, , computers take away from time that should be spent with friends or family.
when he found the towns that they spoke of all he found was ghost towns.
as far as opinions go, everyone has one.
some people believe that some of the books, magazines, and music in libraries are too vulgar and obscene.
the plant becomes a comporting item that reminds her of her homeland.
with music, walk, cool friends right in front of us, who has live.
at this point in time, we could even take online college courses!
all of these results are long term which causes you life to be okay.
and my final reason was that you can book things online without going anywhere, wasting gas.
these choices all help us to hopefully advance and continue forward into the depths of understanding, so that knowledge will continue on forever
with more people making use of computers, will be the more technology benefits our society.
i think every one should have one.
all of my ideas would work and keep all of the kids entertained.
because so many are at an weight it is costing tax payers millions.
this leads into taking a material or book they see, the wrong way and being offensive about it.
so in conclusion, computers are a source of health issues, action issues and mental issues.
the books and movies are also split into genres into which each movie and book belongs in.
some people like the content it shows.
that would take a long time to even get the book let alone read it.
because libraries are public, they are open to all eyes so we must be careful about what we allow on their shelves.
now multiply that number by itself for all the people they know and multiply it again and so forth.
this things should be pulled.
they are helpful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with another.
he teaches grammar very well.
however, i believe that books should not be removed or censored in the libraries.
secondly, spending so much time inside decreases the time you spend outside enjoying nature.
for example, a book that you think is boring could actually be interesting to another person.
if something is in a book that a good majority of the population are against, i believe that the book, or books should be removed.
it can teach you something and help you.
through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers.
experts say that with computers at home get only of the exercise without computers get.
some want to censor our libraries though that is not the best choice.
since the computer was invented there have been many many advancements and all of those things are gone.
i say we spread the good word about computers and let every one know how awesome they are.
teenagers can play games on the computer.
dear newspaper, you want people to be so memorized by a computer that they miss out in the world around them?
he brought his laptop with him so he was ask to video chat with his family.
second, the road was getting harder to travel.
in a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save an additional a year more than people who buy books.
cyclist are in very good physical shape.
our teachers are also quite strict.
also, since the cyclist had no water he was becoming dehydrated.
florence nightingale introduced the famous “nightingale oath”.
all of these features of the setting have negative affects on the cyclist.
did i ever get hurt?
all these features combine together to make the situation worse.
most should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer.
in fact it has a very positive effect of me.
should not be taken off shelves.
we all know that is garbage.
in the memoir, the author created a mood.
well, according to over billion people use a computer worldwide.
no houses, buildings or people which made him fell alone and life he was going to die.
this lowers his confidence, especially because everything is deserted and if he has a heat stroke no one would he around to find him.
feeling lazy, she sits down.
god has created men and women.
movies, on the other hand, create a visual image right in front of your eyes.
i get to keep in touch with my family and friends i no longer see.
she intends to retake the drivers test.
when your on the computer, you can even meet new friends and have conversations with them.
so can we just find something better to catch the attention of the audience who buy this material?
third, he describes his friends and family who visited often.
finally, computers allow people to learn about different places around the world.
more and more people get computers everyday.
this quote, describes the scenery as a place that they tumbleweeds.
make tomorrow be a better place than today.
when a disagreement arises, no matter what the topic, one group of people wants to basically control what everyone else can or cannot do.
another health risk is having bad eyes.
everyone goes on the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and like that.
you can look into going there for vacation or doing a report.
last but not least, you enjoy spending time with the ones you love but seem to busy because your on the computer all day?
they also find them in libraries and the more they read the more they want to do because they are influenced very easily.
music should not be censored.
not all parents find some of the things in libraries offensive, even if they be.
also you can talk to them even if their in a different state.
censorship prevents learning from those who want it.
in short, the birth of computer has allowed for vast improvement in society as a whole.
many things are offensive, but then again much of life offensive.
if freedom of speech is limited, what other freedoms will also be limited with the years to come?
the condition of the setting really affect the cyclist and if it was easier to bike, they might have not be so dehydrated.
does one person really speak for an entire gender,country, culture, race, religion?
pg means you should have your parents with for the younger kids.
lastly, everyone enjoys different book themes.
by doing this you become closer as a family, and it could help you make healthier choices keep exercise.
our kids and future kids do not need to be learning about these sort of things.
you can share you want with people you barely see.
some suggest that a certain book is obscene, while others be offended by a different book.
she gives off a calm relaxed feeling.
the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
they have the biggest voice of everybody put together.
finally, computers can save paper by replacing books.
or inside the front cover the librarian could put a warning note on there to show the person that there are some things in there that offend someone.
my point of view is that people have the choice to go out side, exercise, and enjoy nature.
certain books, magazines, music and movies should not be put on the shelves of a library.
there are some people who are on the computer all day.
it was very cold at night.
people seem to always look for a shortcut, including myself.
there can be a lot to learn too.
in the backyard, there is a small vegetable garden.
i mean come on, how many college students do you see without a laptop?
why kids are acting the way they are.
there was also the fact that the rider thought he was in the middle of nowhere.
however, i believe it is not right to make hateful opinions toward other religions.
as every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them.
his confidence is high, and he is ready to continue his adventure.
this paragraph talks about over coming obstacles and is telling the reader to try again.
it satisfies my personal needs of exercising.
i think that they libraries should not remove any of the books they have now.
they should make different sections in the library for the offensive books that they have.
to his patrons.
the author is trying to be positive but its hard, because all this scenery is doing is bringing his hopes down.
smoking can lead to cancer or death.
more than half of or benefit just from working on the computers.
and if we got rid of all the more mature books what kind of books would all of us more mature kids and people have to read.
plus you even go to your friends, house and instead of laughing, you'l say .
many jobs use computers.
my point is, that can happen to you let me change that to everyone in the world.
meaning consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another.
please help try and help us stop this!
those are the reasons why i think the computer has a negative effect on people.
although that is true, typing is very fats and neat.
so, should there be censorship in our libraries?
she failed the test but wants to take it again.
for instance, say you wanted to talk to a friend in , all you have to do is go on a social networking site and talk with them.
so i would go with both sides.
but, unfortunately, even that time she had got a fever and was unable to even cook.
there is a great rush in the school library.
while you like a book, i find it offensive.
the setting affects the cyclist because it is in a warm dry climate, causing him to sweat profusely, and requiring like to drink more water.
far as the music i agree with music at libraries, because many people listen to different type of music.
let me explain.
in a separate section of the market place there are jewelry
this is sad!
there is only the problems it is abandoned.
she has a long tail.
now in our present day with all of our new technology many people use computers to communicate with friends or family.
children need to learn those things sometime in their life.
she can quickly type up an essay or research a science topic instead of doing painstakingly slow using an old fashion method.
you can get a lot of good information on the internet but you can also get a lot of bad information.
this helps because it also saves time.
i used the computer to research who killed her and it said that a man killed her.
like some books, music, movies, and magazines.
did you know that out of users lie about their age?
never give up.
computers also let you learn about different places and people around the world.
that is why bullying is an important issue and computers have bad effects on people.
some street hawkers are not clean.
how would you feel about your children reading about stuff like that?
the guy in the video was made fun of for years, sued the people who put the tape online, and was forced into depression.
they should just get rid of the book or magazine.
i keep her in a big and beautiful basket.
opinions such as these would be only terrible for business but also terrible for the educational and history part of life itself.
the movie had some disturbing scenes in it, but i had to watch it for school.
everyone has grown up and been taught different values and morals that are important to them.
every school is different.
because complaining will more than likely do something about it.
also, you could get fat and that is bad for your heart.
for example, if the library choose to take out the bible and romance novels then they would loss a lot of customers.
that means your going to have to not let it get under you skin or get over it.
so when i got home i went on my laptop and looked it up so i did and it said nothing about.
he teases the young boys and girls of the locality.
my mother had completely got cored.
computers can be good in many ways but they can not be.
he also used very detailed text to paint the reader a picture.
make the smart choice.
everyone loves having a computer, but have you ever thought what it can do to you?
with what i believe, was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill, the author describes.
then bad days started.
thank you for your time.
i mean i love his descriptions of the food cooking in the kitchen and all the great smells.
as i see it no one is forcing them to read it.
families have been always close to each other.
events such as that are the exact reason why i think that almost any book belongs on the shelf.
the flower reminds her of home but it also gives her inspiration.
they support the life of living beings.
there were rusted water pumps, with hot water, but nothing to cool him down.
in the beginning it says, of loss so deep () and at the end it says, i will take that test again.
i do not think books or any other materials should be taken off the shelves for some people?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in ways of feeling doubtful, confidence, determination and relief.
all books are worth something toward anything like careers, and being able to learn new things.
who knows, maybe at this time in years, will be run by computer.
you just look at the top of the book case or at the ceiling where the signs are.
the test represents the obstacles she will overcome when efforts applied.
if someone came across that in a book, it would hurt their feelings and they would not want to finish that book.
you are not required to read or listen to any item that you do not want to see or hear.
the music styles of modern teenagers greatly differs from that of their grandparents.
that person can have there opinion but other people have opinions that might oppose the other persons opinion.
pay bills for long distance calling.
also magazines like ' ' or ' ' are now showing stories of drugs use, teen pregnancy, or death of famous .
schools now do program called .
they complete their homework.
further along, he said, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
would and could benefit us is that it gives us access to online communication.
how can you make fun of someone who does self harm.
would you give them the right to keep it from you?
would you be able to enjoy your life without being able to read, watching movies or shows, or listening to music?
when he finally reaches a sign of civilization, the cyclist becomes himself again and decides that his knowledge is best.
that is also a typing game.
the setting in this story affects the cyclist because as the setting changes, so do the cyclist moods and feelings about survival and the danger he is in.
can save a lot of people hurt or embarrassment.
computers are always going to be used and never put to waste.
there are many other reason why computers have a positive effects of people.
another reason would be that students usually have projects which call for research in other countries.
therefore, the author ended with that paragraph to show a comparison and the importance of the flower to her adapting.
with that being said, i have come up with, what i believe to be a very good idea on what should be done in libraries.
the objects we are talking about are our entertainment it brings us joy and many smiles.
computers are fun.
in conclusion, if even more censorship was done to public libraries, libraries would be used less than they already are.
most people will turn to one of the most commonly used piece of technology in the , the computer.
technology and computers have came a long way.
i can never play with other people with online multiplayer.
or do you want them to know what they should and should not do?
i know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored.
this reminds me of when recently i had a report to do on and all needed was my computer.
the reader then might want to read her next piece of work.
though, many people might go against it.
libraries should stay the way the are currently and keep their way of censorship without any change.
you disagree with me on this because a computer can have bad websites and can also became very addicting to some people, but i think i am right.
because he is unsure of the path he is on, he begins to panic a little.
if this did not convince you that that a computer is a great piece of technology, then your crazy.
plus children will learn about this offensive material sometime in their life anyway.
people spend lots of time in the library for many different things and that will never change.
away computers helping our economy is instead of people driving to go pay there bills, they could pay online.
i think you should put all you support in the problem.
some exercise because that is the only cure they will get if their not on their computer.
there be material that has racist comments.
being outside can be lots of fun too.
to me, in my eyes is just not right.
there is tons of books out there that have things in them not appropriate for children.
in that case, why censor certain things that people are interested in, or even things to research, in libraries?
lets make these profanities go away on their own.
does that make them wrong?
i always feel nervous before the examinations.
this is certainly a great form of technology people should have.
i think the addition in the parentheses make it light and airy.
the setting can affect a cyclist in many ways, if it were hot out, he would be thirsty and sweaty.
a few even stared at me insolently.
as humans, they need contact with the outside world.
at home, school, or even at work and yes it is offensive and no there is nothing you can do to stop it.
we should always try to do our work without harming others in any way.
in this modern world, seem hard for you to tear away from that trusty computer screen and face life.
computers these days, are used in the wrong ways, by the wrong people.
in those ways, the cyclist is very much affected by the setting.
being exposed to offensive material and different viewpoints helps shape ourselves into who we are or will become.
talking to family members can do good for you in many ways.
many songs and movies tell you that being beautiful is on the outside.
kids should be persuaded to play outside and be in sports and have fun with the family or ride there bike.
it has a lot of hills, which would make him use more energy.
because some people like stuff other people find offensive.
on these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away.
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other.
books should not be removed for many reasons.
my third and last reason is to be organized.
and with out them knowing their book contained it and they read it, they would be greatly offended and very upset.
i went to my friends houses and listed to explicit music and watched rated movies.
it can fix relationships, save lives, help you get over fears and see the world.
he finally came to a shop a drank from the sink.
their is only one true way to see family or friends and that is personally.
a cat is also known to be the best pet.
someone get offended by talking about ones race, another get offended by talking about and someone even get offended if you talk about their cute little kitty cat.
overall think computers have a positive effect on people.
if you really do not want your child to be of any part of it then take actions to do such.
the third reason i think that things like that should stay on shelves is because adults have books, movies, music,etc.
computer, a survey conducted by grade , showed that out of have never noticed the blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain.
is it not cool anymore?
so why not take the risk?
people like joking around with others.
then the bottom level should be the children level.
on search engines they have websites, pictures, movies, maps and more.
we learn about the things we do in life because the state has requirements that have to be passed.
these are some of the things authors want to avoid.
many sayings, quotes and even just simple words are twisted, turned, and made into something they are not.
dear newspaper, have you notice that now a days more and more people are becoming overweight?
leave the choice to the reader.
there are a few minor instances where computers have hurt people, but more instances where they have helped people.
until the end there was no one on the route making him all alone.
look at what they have involved into .
after time the starts to become worse and worse and the kids gain weight and keep gaining wait then become obese and unhealthy.
in , we have the right to speak our minds.
have you ever seen or heard of a movie that was educational yet offensive?
newspapers are found all over the world.
she was still stuck on her past.
luckily, in our own era i do not believe we are censored from most things except of course politics going on between other countries.
with the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer.
this is right if the community strongly agrees with their local libraries.
after the author saw the old juice factory, he felt like something was happening in his favor.
my opinion is that computers should only be us to see your mail or to learn something you want to find out in the computer.
the mood created my the author was happy.
lastly, this gradual burning of knowledge is affecting society in horrid ways.
that is why i do not think magazines should be taken out of libraries.
bringing up removing a book from shelves could cause more problems then just letting the book remain on the shelves.
the story also talks about a snake in the road.
even though the setting got worse through the story & stuck it out & made it to the end.
well i say we should because computers has everything you need as in info, games, school, websites where you can by clothes.
my father hugged me and said he was proud of me.
on the computer you can find almost any game you want to play.
it took me seven days to learn.
what if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it.
if books were to be taken of the shelves, we would only be depriving our youth of knowledge in the world.
people learn much of what they know from the computer.
suddenly he noticed a passenger smoking.
time to go for a walk, jog, or bike ride?
ten year old children are still just babies!
moreover, computers can keep you updated on whats happening around the world!
there are most likely books that one person could find offensive, but others do not.
the features in the setting of the essay affect the author in one major way, dehydration.
also, questions that have been asked can now be answered.
the computer can do many things you can play online games and chat with friends.
so now you know that a computer helps you in the future.
many people like and have one.
these facts have not just contributed, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world.
we can check our taxes and stocks.
kids today are using a new language in chat rooms as well as texting.
i love taking hikes with my family up a .
the parents might tell their child to start the car for them and the music will be playing away.
it’s popularity gives it immense power in molding public opinion.
what if article you are reading right now contained offensive language and inappropriate ideas?
another thing that could be, but not entirely, removed from library material could be books that express violent or criminal acts.
the effects computers have on kids and adults are astonishing.
she takes it home and put it in the garden.
my brother, , was having problems with learning about the seasons, but with one click, he was full of knowledge.
they are young and should not be expecting the fact that there people that use these words to express feeling or name calling.
if you are under the age of eighteen there should be an age requirement and also require parent consent.
saying that, people are neglecting to exercise and eat right.
finding a book offensive is a simply an opinion, and has no factual evidence.
if another person wants to listen to music or watch a movie they should also do the same.
people are not being made to read and watch what offends them.
there is still more that a computer can do.
he thanks them for his success in life.
if we removed every movie that had even one tiny part that offended someone else, there would be no more movies left in the world.
meeting people is a big thing.
it all comes down to what do you allow your children to read, watch and listen?
so no one should have the right to tell people what they should and should not read.
the people cannot catch them easily, because they run fast.
they are known to be friendly and intelligent by nature.
have you been watching what your kids are reading about or what movies they are watching?
the three most important features of the setting that effect the cyclist are the ground he is traveling, the towns he passes, and the availability of water.
the author created a close relationship mood while he was writing his memoir.
computers help us communicate in many ways.
are talking about the health this !
who gets to decide that this book of movie is offensive?
one little law change in could cause great negative changes in the future.
hindus clean and decorate their houses
censorship in libraries is one of our biggest issues.
its their job to.
he is negatively affected mentally by the little amount of available water.
the cyclist was beginning to lose hope after reading the sign, but he kept going.
i know this because my librarian told me this one day.
we should take precautions and do deep thinking.
you can put it as your background on the desktop.
they had many friends and were thankful.
however now that she is living in the united states, she is finding it hard to adapt.
there could be many more people who want to check out that book and read it.
the author shows that he learns family and is very thankful to his parents for that.
your little and your reading about these topics, you will then be more informed your just little older.
when you have friendship, home, and love, everything will be perfect for you.
dear local newspaper, the years computers has been a great invention.
you have to keep your eye on the and move your arms and hands to hit the.
so what are you waiting for?
also children are protect from books if they have learned morals that allow them to make mature choices
also, there was no one around.
personally i have read some disturbing books also watched some grotesque and twisted, disturbing rated movies.
its not only one person to decide that.
in conclusion, the author depicts a mood with distinct traits.
in fact if we could scan people to find addiction of the population would be addicted to computers.
people say its a faster connection to people not could reach.
the setting of rough road ahead: do not exceed the speed limit effects the cyclist in many was.
when a librarian takes a book off of that shelf, an opportunity is forever gone.
so then they call there buddies and say lets try this and most of them do then there in trouble.
if it had been up to him, he would have decided to go ahead and take out all those books from everywhere in the world.
what we ready to do whatever is needed.
whether or not you playing games or typing articles your eyes strain to keep up with a small font on a website.
many people have family and friends that live far away from them.
they allow people to talk to friends and family by email, , and by webcam.
at one point or another in life, we are all older and want to reconnect with our old friends.
for example pictures of weed, cocaine or pills are in books.
when he finally reached a place to get a drink, he was finally satisfied.
not only that but advanced games such as of improve eyesight.
i think this would be a good start on making the world happier and bringing all of us closer together.
it has violence, language, and people are treated in a harmful way.
also, you learn to be nice on computers.
protecting children from adult content filled libraries should be the least of a parents concerns.
personally i think computers have a good influence on people.
if there was a book that they read about a person being bullied, maybe it would encourage them to tell a teacher.
even though many restrictions put in place, there are still some faults to the system.
they want money, clothes, grain, food or anything else.
at most jobs you have to know how to work a computer.
these online games are good ways to sire you the opportunity to do something you wont normally do.
also because the obesity percentage rate is advancing up really high.
i could finish my homework in minutes compared to hours!
all these reasons will lead to the below.
going to the library is a pain.
in the end, computers can teach you many things.
also the internet is used to just have fun.
this is something that cannot be allowed in our libraries.
so i honestly feel that libraries for the way they are is to be left alone.
she misses her home so she is hurting and the only thing that sort of comforts her a little bit are the flowers.
regardless of who is reading it.
in my opinion, i it is great that computers are incorporated in so many places.
now would you want that?
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood towards the journey.
he has many instruments for his work.
secondly computers have away of people, like if you have an emergency you can go to the computer and save it.
(to make sure they are who you think!)
i support the advances of technology.
with this people become glued to the computer and forget to do their homework.
i sure would.
all of those computer related things would not there for there were no computer.
instead i email.
when you turn segregation into unity then good things are bound to happen.
first of all i think that when the cyclist came across the ghost town he felt alone and discouraged.
say we take everything off the shelves off every store that is offensive in any way to people.
let media be free so men, women, and children from all over the globe can be unique and wonderful!
should be removed from the library.
not try to get it banned because that takes to much time.
computers are a great source of information.
remember computers are easy to use, you can stay connected to friends and you can go to school on them.
an example of music not being censored would be rap.
also all things are not offensive because you can relate to some of the books and music that we here in these days.
that is what everyone loves to hear and makes the mood hope that the whole nation will act like that.
explained that his parents both shared cooking duties and passed on their culinary skills and love of cooking down to him.
finally, we can make friends from all over the world.
the rode was all messed up.
dear local , do you feel about computers?
have you ever been to a library?
this makes him sound very thankful that his parents played that music in his home.
for the movies are not really that bad, your child will end up seeing it one way or another.
some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager.
computers must stay a fundamental part of our every day.
these locators allowed you to write down your name disaster should over happen.
if someone has the right and the authority to take books off the shelf that bothers them, then i have the exact same right as them.
i also read every single one of books.
computers are helping society become more and more lazy.
after those girls left i went and got the book they were talking about.
when major things happen, such as the earthquake in it was all over the internet before the news.
of are employed as of , and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open.
the material can lead to violent acts in people, even if it does not seem like that kind of behavior could possibly come out of that person.
the libraries would have a very watered down material base and there would be no reason to use this place anymore.
some site like allow you to instant message your friends.
so in all, i would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society.
so the next time you think of banning a book think of all the warm hearts you could be crushing
this will help them play games, learn, or even help people when they are in need.
but the people that work on computers all day is a different thing.
computer games distract from kids learning.
first of all, it is important that students see and feel nature, and last time i checked they can not do that on a computer.
plus, spending so many hours on a computer.
dear newspaper, computers have a huge effect on society, can you even imagine where we would be without them?
all you need to do is type in what you want, and within seconds you have hundreds of different links for your desire.
there are too many people in the world to just have one opinion about one topic and nothing else.
technology has become so advanced, there are new cures for for different diseases.
i think that the book, magazine, or movie should stay on the shelf even if it is found offensive.
if they do not like it, then do not read it.
i think you should have to have permission from a parent, or guardian if the material is explicit.
most everyone owns a computer and almost everyone needs one.
i believe that censorship in libraries is wrong.
dear , out of ten people spend their time on the computers.
the help us in many other ways too.
computers effect people in so positive ways.
she left me with the maidservant.
the two old men gave him the wrong directions and send him on a trip through hell that only a determined person could get through.
they give people the ability to learn about anything they want on the internet.
we all have a right to learn, to explore new ideas, and to expand our minds.
by staying active and being outdoors with your friends could save you from these dangers.
music should stay on the radio or in stores not in libraries.
it is important to know what is going on or what has gone on in the world.
the mood is mainly set by the memories of her environment, friends, and culture.
in conclusion, i think that books should be censored by parents and that is it.
people spend way to long on the computer.
giving this simple sentence a great meaning.
if everyone had the right to remove something from a shelf, there might not be anything left to read or listen to.
there is no reason in the world that there should not be able to be a variety types of books out.
they have gone to the college fund for money.
spending time with your family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people to not do that much anymore.
if we did not have phones to use to call someone.
people need to read the introduction before checking out the book to know if they like it or not.
in the memoir, the mood created by the author is very understandable and true.
well its true.
i know, after an hour or more online.
water of the ocean is salty and not suitable for drinking.
all of us-myself, my father, mother, sister and younger brother clambered in the boat.
one reason to ban censorship in historical events is because it would create a loss of information.
is this the right thing to do?
well, if you have a computer you can have an online.
that is why you should agree with me that we
for every half hour at least minutes outside or with friends.
dear , i am a student from , i do think that certain materials such as books.
it seems that people are getting fatter every day.
computers also help you with your school work by helping you with homework.
well you not but someone else somewhere is trying to take that out of the libraries because they have a negative opinion about it but is that fair?
so this is the first reason read the next on.
finally computers help use get information.
i say this because computers can sometimes get addicting.
also, you can communicate with friends and family.
they can just over look these books and pick another.
, i believe that we should tell the people of about the dangers of using computers too much.
after a while he starts to get tired.
my second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other.
although, censored books have a great story behind them, the material that supports it can cause a dispute between different people who have different beliefs.
these materials are important for learning in some cases and keep the readers attention.
we are able to learn things quicker by using computers.
i go home do my homework and go on the computer and listen to music to relax.
computers take time away from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
the mood is created by his parents and where he lives.
dear , i took a poll of people and of them agree computers have a positive effect on people.
then put up posters at the school i go to,to see if anyone else would be willing to help me.
students will eventually learn all about these offensive magazines, movies, music, and books someday in their lifetime.
if not by word of print, word of mouth will lead them to the same discoveries as they would have come to if reading it from a book.
another thing is there are online courses now for students.
i hope that before you think about complaining about some book you found offensive, you think about this.
so if we keep all our book, then more students and people would go and read.
almost every family has access to a computer.
so, lets face it, computers are important.
i think that we should not take them out if they are offensive.
i know this from personal experience.
unfortunately, it is often times a group of minorities that ruin something for the greater minority.
no problem, you have a computer at home.
the trip was also a very long one, about forty miles into the petal, causing him to be tired.
classifying something as offensive is an opinion.
lastly, the invention of computers allows us to communicate with people from all around the world.
on the computer, it is possible to type out words and not have to get out on eraser for an spelling mistakes.
these are my reasons and i hope you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people today.
what would you say if your library was censored?
(you know) reason why is because you can end up somewhere where you did not even need to go to.
someone had not gone on an instant messaging program or a video chatting program.
they provide education for anyone who has access to the internet.
it is the choice of the individual to read, listen, or watch a certain material.
you are what you eat is what i say.
she is sad and misses her home, especially after failing her drivers test.
its feet are padded.
this quotation is important because it shows that he has told them he admires them.
if anyone could do that would there ever be uniqueness in people?
thank you for your time
if they find it so disturbing then they should discontinue reading that book or magazine, or listening to that .
helps to maintain strong bones.
someone else not find it offensive and might actually enjoy that reading material.
as you can tell, the tool of on the computer can benefit your school grades.
you use your computer for finding out whats going on, what the weather is like, and instead of the ?
another reason that are using and want to learn more.
this allows people more time to go have fun with their lives and not have to worry about plannings.
i strongly think this because this could cause serious damage to the eyes.
i appreciate you taking the time to read this and hopefully you will take my opinion into consideration when debating over the topic of computer.
i think you should consider less computer time.
the author concluded the story with this paragraph to show how she will take the test when she feels like she is at home.
you look at her, she looks at you, she walks away.
what he means by family is everyone that would come into his apartment and everyone in the building was family too.
banning books is hindering authors everywhere from being able to make a name for themselves.
and not hot by standards, where it gets to degrees, maybe, by noon.
or say you see books you do not like on the shelve at .
children nowadays have it hard on themselves, why make it harder.
the mood is set to a sad feeling.
that book is public property.
the overall mood created by the author in the memoir was courage, and perseverance.
to take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives.
if you have any arguments or questions you can surely contact me
the settings of your environment always seem to affect your mood.
i have an uncle named , that has little girls.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
i showed the determination she had in overcoming her problems with living in a new place.
as the day went on, he felt the heat bearing down on him.
the answer is no.
have you ever been offended by a movie, book, song, or magazine?
you can also talk online with your friends or family the moved or lives far away around .
computers are to blame for our worlds weight issues.
why not talk to real people?
finally, computers handy because they telephone.
they cannot.
every age would be bothered by this.
this is about the geese and is referred back to when she vows to take the test.
in a library no one can judge you for your beliefs, culture, or opinions.
offensive thing can hurt a persons feelings, and libraries should be the last place where a person should feel uncomfortable reading a book.
all the good music, books, and movies well go away and the people who like them well get mad.
the rolling hills, poisonous snake, and the conditions of the road worried her.
and it seems that computers are addictive.
no matter who they were and who their friends were, we all are different.
all because we are addicted to using the computers.
the shelves would empty, because the loss of many phenomenal books.
the internet is very addictive.
this is why the taj mahal is seen as an eternal symbol of love.
dear newspaper, percents of jobs day use computers.
a computer can be used for educational purposes also.
my mother who saw that my father was harvesting in the paddy field alone, went to help him.
this is why i agree with the effect of the computer.
dear , name is and i do not believe that computers are very beneficial to our society.
so just get off the computer and enjoy what life gave you.
this kept me very entertained.
what would most people do without a computer?
now just imagine how much money our society would gain after year!
with my own experience i have seen bad people do what is expected of them , bad things.
dehydration took its toll, and he felt hallucinations.
they always have a program that if you spell something wrong it corrects you.
it is a place filled with knowledge and information.
does everyone believe the same way,no.
students such as myself are inferior to being popular or noticed, so they feel the need to do things to become noticed.
she knows that the flower will bud and the geese will return in the spring and that is what she must do.
then, he continues moving on the road.
we had to leave all of our family and friends behind.
however you not have known is that it is thought about in every school and every public library.
today, obesity is a major problem.
computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book.
you tell me.
the computer allows you to learn about far away places and important people without making that trip to the library.
in schools across the country, many authors are not in the public school libraries.
computers can keep you in with family and friends.
with this i can talk to people and get wacky emails.
the mood of this duration is very warm and happy.
she said shell retake her driving test when her plant buds and is brave, so she will do the same.
shes going to retake it and try again.
however the adult magazines should not be showing people with barely any clothes on, or any sexual scenes, and neither should teenage magazines.
the hills made the cyclist work harder therefore use more energy.
she will not give up her fight to pass the test to become a part of her new country.
the second choice should be a loss of internet services.
the mood is a very happy one.
without a doubt, i firmly believe that computers should be a hobby not an addiction.
see, she was distracted by one, little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed.
taxis, buses, and scooters were parked outside.
she is used to the flower being in a warm environment.
i liked the book but was sad,but i read because people were talking about .
the author ended with this paragraph because it is an example of how everything gets a fresh start in the spring.
i met many of my friends and relatives with whom i exchanged pleasantries and information about the families.
dear local newspaper, opinion on computers is that i think they are the most helpful thing in our society and it benefits us greatly.
he is every inch a gentleman.
what do i have first block?
we also learn about their traditions, and culture.
this is good depending on how long it takes.
these are all the reasons why she used the last paragraph.
statistics show that people who are using computers excessively tend to have drop in their grades.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
sometimes there is even a snow the experience of being there.
computers are progressing into our lives more and more.
there are many opinions on censorship in libraries.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the hibiscus provides comfort.
a big question i ask is why?
students would take advantage of this and they would have educational books removed.
in the preamble we are given rights to the freedom of speech and press.
she had to learn how to adjust to her new surroundings and never give up on what she wanted to accomplish.
dear newspaper, computers have advance a lot since they were first made.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
why would anyone else want the opposite?
it benefits society for certain reasons it depends.
life is what it is from contributing factors.
we need the different opinions in life.
man is a social animal.
computers are very important in life because without computers we would not learn how to communicate with each other.
those people are very wrong!
one time my mom had just bought a new computer and i stayed up all night on the internet.
lives can be saved.
they fired questions after questions.
some people think computers are good things to have cause its fast and easy.
the real question is what are we limiting?
in most public libraries, young children are not aloud to roam the library without an adult.
we need to make rules to keep people out in the open out to give the generation a healthy life.
on that long bike ride the cyclist was affected by the setting.
it represents a hopeful tone, and symbols that relate to spring.
that is one reason why you begun to be way to you go just stay home and just play games online.
that will not stop me with helping my friends in the future.
on the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to.
when they be spending all the time on the is because they like to be online.
for example, once my friend, , was planning on going to for a business trip, but had no idea how to speak the language.
when she knows the flower survived the harsh winter, she will realize that she can survive living in .
the world needs its materials.
in addition, computers have word processor and other applications that help workers do their jobs daily.
these features are the desert, the high temperatures, and the blackish water which tasted like battery acid.
i believe that there should not be censorship in media.
i, personally, find it very entertaining and at the same time educational to learn a language different from my own.
the libraries should have labels on every section to let people know what type of material it is.
how do computers though help us with work?
games keep us physically fit.
some were sitting on the benches.
in this is how we could censor books in libraries.
computers have a positive effect on people.
kids think that the computers will teach you everything well there wrong because things on the computer can be made up.
so far, all of the towns have been deserted.
whenever your bored you can go play online games.
if there is a fresh water stream you can stop and wash all the sweat off of you and get a drink.
as you can even see, , computers are a necessity!
to begin, when someone is talking to another on a computer, they never know who is at the other end of it.
but how many of us really observe discipline.
this increased his thirst and gave him a feeling of spite towards the old men who had given him advice.
also is a family come up you could your family members instead of calling them because they would talk to you forever.
it holds information and has website when the internet they.
just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college.
however, this does not give authors the power to target a group in their writing and offend them specifically.
some computers uses tend to forget about the important things in life such as family, schools work, and their own health.
people will be amazed.
a whole cycle of being underappreciated and the obsession to be perfect makes the media more powerful.
the heat begins to affect the authors health and his perseverance.
they teach help stay in touch and are not addicting.
then maybe the library should consider removing the item.
computers can help with that.
anyone can use the library, and it is a valuable resource to many people.
books on the topic of religion would definitely have to be censored as well because people of differing religions.
the fact that it was a hot summers day contributed to his hardships.
you should buy a computer today.
for rated movies they can have them in the library.
then there is the distance of his ride.
people overusing their computer is also a big problem.
to support a claim like this i will provide evidence.
my friend, when he was little, would play outside for hours and hours at a time.
it is an efficient way to study or find information for school.
i think that if a book can be published then it should be able to be in a library.
nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family.
some are small and some are big.
inappropriate books, magazines, and music will only destroy the good reputation that a library have.
people like to go there to read book, get on the computers, and do activities with their families.
computers are great, they can help you with anything you need.
dear , in a recent poll it was determined that of have used or come in contact with computers.
most romance novels are very descriptive and leave little room for imagination, and in the wrong hands can lead to some very prompting questions.
you should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there and forgetting all about there work life i did.
the whole lesson will deal glorifying the quick success of an immoral character.
so seeing that it was to big for me to handle alone i got most of the other volunteers to help me.
but by dispensing alms as charity, we do not help them.
this is why computers do benefit society.
that is so important because a computer could do a lot.
they appear in films and books and now have invaded all walks of life.
unlike the rebels going against it that is their own state of mind.
movies can open up peoples' imaginations and make them feel emotions for a theme of no importance.
imagine you are a mother with a young child who decided to wonder through the library.
the librarians will not take books off the shelf for one persons opinion.
and we wonder why our kids are getting obese there days.
if you do not see what is or is not right, who is to say what is truly ethical?
whenever he sees a stray dog, a cat or a bird, he
they even use it to get magazines for projects and to catch up on the world outside of school.
in an, ironic twist the cyclist is affected emotionally when he passes a factory that has been abandoned.
although, can also to one or the bad things about computers, which is that people spent to much time on the them.
were did you turn to?
lastly if time is being spent staring at a screen.
you are allowed to express your opinion about it but taking it away cause you not like it is wrong to do.
libraries are stocked filled of all kind of reading materials.
maybe someday we will figure it out and be able to do it
i turned out that their short cut was wrong.
another feature of the setting is the tumbleweed that he crosses other hills, tumbleweeds crossed in path.
he becomes pessimist and is making of all that could go wrong, not all that could get better.
both, young and older people need to be educated in the worlds past history and the present news.
removing offensive books from libraries is the exact same thing.
the cyclist had to deal with some tough terrain throughout his ride.
lots of kids and teens go online to make new friends.
also, you can keep in touch with friends and family.
but some of the explicit material in books and magazines should also be censored before they are distributed on shelves and allowed available for young teenagers and children.
why take a book off if only a few people find offensive?
the author is showing the reader that even though they might not be family by blood, they still treat each other as if they were.
with video chat, you can show off new , or newborn baby.
then you have to stay up later to finish.
dear newspaper, being able to find the information of anything with only one hand.
we are teenagers and you were once a teenager.
i believe strongly that these materials should be removed from libraries in most cases.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she needs to adapt to the new country.
she has a lot of work to do but she never gets angry with the lord of work.
the question is, is it a good idea for those books that are now being censored to be taken off the shelves?
this blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books.
the author generally stayed in one mood.
it should not be put into more mature movies and music, such as movies with adult content and rap.
another way of getting fit, (than to sit) is going out for a run.
they even ship your item fast.
ever since computers were invented not only have they downsized, but became more and more useful.
reading is very popular.
the person should just not read the book.
although certain materials are not meant for children to see, adults find it enjoyable and interesting.
the reason for essay was to show why the process needs to be stop.
another reason is that shes trying to tell us that there is a future for the hibiscus.
i also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things.
in my opinion, it depends on what they are saying or what they are showing.
one feature is the desert he is biking through.
think about , my mother was using her so that she could fit into a size and now look she is in a size .
it is necessary to solve the problem of overpopulation.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
these words and actions we try to censor are not going away.
how different would our life be me right now?
some be very offensive but it only shows a past, others just be plain out racist or sexist.
heat and dehydration sap the main characters energy while he is biking through a desert, desperately trying to make it to the next town.
these books are known as ' books.'
i will talk about why i disagree with this statement.
materials should not be removed from libraries.
i enjoyed the scenery of green hills on either side of the railway line.
this shows that he considered people around him family and not just his blood relatives.
the setting affected the cyclist in several ways.
each person has their own interests and should be able to find something in their library to suit their interest.
do you want to get fat sitting next to a metal box?
it should be remembered that it is the responsibility to censor materials for their children.
the trails he was directed to had no towns or sources of fresh, drinkable water for days.
the same way goes for a magazine also.
hardly anyone will read them anyway.
but if they have a computer, they can just google the information.
also, students use computers for research; learning about different parts the world.
that is all i have to say.
i believe it should all be up to the individual to chose what they should do with what offend others.
luckily the burglars coould not open them in the hurry.
the earth gets heat, light and energy from the sun.
such as, talk to friends, play games, even turn off your lights!
in conclusion, computers have no benefits on people.
my ambition is to become a doctor.
finally it makes you more social with people.
if there was a bible in the library and someone found it offensive, should it be removed?
they worked hard on writing and publishing their novels, they should be able to show them off.
yes, computers benefit the society.
these three magazines talk about how to be better in bed.
it would make things was easier and faster to find the book of your selection
he begins to have doubt in his mind about what the old men told him.
so, because the computer has different links and websites, it helps kids and adults everywhere to get information fast.
computer games only cost about and are instant access.
so now you can see why i believe that such things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
she is also not enjoying , because she has already experienced failure at her new home.
that dose not mean though it should be taken away.
i i have computers do benefit society.
i think that society would be harder to control with this kind of media everywhere.
they should only be aloud to put stuff on the shelves.
for example, my stepbrother is always on the internet now.
dear local newspaper, i think spending to much time on a computer is bad.
are they good or are they bad?
you could tell that she is happy, and grateful for her parents.
one in five children are obese.
their is nothing funny about it.
as a result, computers are the blame.
that sweat was all over him.
when the snows melt and the geese return and his hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
my mom says computers are one the most hardiest tools in the world.
i believe that in some instances things available to be checked out should be censored.
people need to just calm down and smell the roses and forget about things that do not matter.
and what is more restrictive to an author than to have their books banned?
what be historical or even informational to one person it will be offensive to the other and vice versa.
also you will become a lot more interactive with people.
if so, you know the feeling of sleepiness and irritability.
this sentence and last few paragraphs change the mood a great deal.
therefore i believe that owning and using a computer is for the greater good.
all of these reason is why i think the has good effects on people.
this means that and thousands of others rely on computers for communication with friends and family.
should books, music, movies, and magazines be removed if found offensive?
she can not talk phone because so what do you do you.
for people that are more vulnerable to those situations or seeing those things, it could greatly help with some people and show them that it is not right.
example is it helps students with homework.
i agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children.
i have a few reasons why this is a good thing.
no, of course not, this just means that if something offends someone from their local library, stay away from it.
second, be happy from where you come from.
after this point he could not be so care free.
the first thing is that the mood is love.
do i think certain materials like books, music, movies, and magazines that might be offensive should be taken off the shelves in libraries?
like if you were a student and you had to write a paper on .
that is my last reason my opinion is what it is.
you could learn about other places in the world.
her baby sitter became her first friend.
everyone will struggle at some point and its works of art that really get us through it.
this shows a happy because they are welcoming people into there family.
some computers can help you, you can take school, learn how to write essays, learn how to read, and much more.
the cool relaxing air at the beach is much nicer than a dark stuffy room with just the glow of a computer.
so in strong opinion it is a good idea to have a computer.
if people gain the right to take books off shelves then music, movies, magazines will all get taken off shelves too.
but overall there needs to be some type of censorship in public libraries.
in the it grants freedom of expression.
you might think they have positive effect yes, but they damage your body.
with a computer the knowledge of the world can be found by anyone.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
this technology is the basis of our future, and our future has evolved around our computers.
that way anyone could go in the room and listen to whatever kind of music they want, no questions asked.
our body is a wonderful creation of god.
they contain many different styles and genres of books.
magazines like this should be put in an adult section where students cannot look at them.
even if you might find it interesting, in then end you find out that it is offensive to you then just take it the other direction.
all i have to do is go online, click my chat box and click their name and then !
they show the results or how the situation was handled.
this brings us to our last subject.
i also feel that those type of magazines should not be in a library.
well those are my thoughts on rather or not you should remove materials that some people find offensive.
the answer in the question world war .
if you can use your eyes and your hands at a you can hit a baseball or even.
i believe that the technology of computers have a positive effect on people.
if you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all those different programs they have.
the education is just for adults; kids can go online and research history of different places they live and want to go.
also, that she is going to start making the best out of life.
until they reach an age of maturity and responsibility to make their own decisions, they let the outside world decide what is best.
another thing you could do so the computer is socialize.
the tags should be clearly marked so that people can see it and know what to expect from the book.
whenever you go to the store you always see magazines on the shelves or somewhere else.
many of these features affect him in a negative way.
company all over world make different computers to bring out new styles so people can like them and them.
so basically like i said you do anything.
more and more people are going to become like.
you have a friend or family member you lost contact with.
i still checked out the book, i knew i would love it, and i do!
book publishers put only what they want are kids to learn.
this is the case for many other people too.
so it all depends on how you use it and how much time you spend on it.
i look at it as a way of art expression that shows how people think and respond to things
these settings were hard on the cyclist.
computers posses the ability to do certain human tasks that seem hard for us to do.
you can also learn about different people and places.
ladies in european countries use ostrich feathers for their hats.
the tells the public what we can and cannot watch on television and what we can and cannot listen to on the radio.
without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, no matter how far.
censorship is really unavoidable, and it should not be an issue.
between and more people have been using their computers more often.
no, books should not be taken out of libraries.
i do think that certain books should necessarily be removed from the shelf because of violation of rights to speech which includes written speech as well.
read the title before you pick up the book.
so parents can pick what they can read.
the setting in this short story cause the cyclist to doubt his survival.
second of , have better things to .
it is only because the farmer works so hard that we get our food so easily.
he did have a computer though which he quickly retreated to so he could learn everything about her home.
i think we should have it because it would make sure the kids wont look at them.
i agree with the censorship in libraries today.
fortunately my friend’s prediction came true.
it seem hard to believe, but you can learn tremendous amounts things from the internet.
if i have to write a science report, then i can go on the internet and collect research.
maybe even more curtains for your room?
in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
to conclude, the author creates a loving mood.
in places like libraries, you never know who might come in to check something out.
they allow you to send a message and receive a message on any day, at anytime, in any place with little of no hassle involved.
first off, if there are items that people find offensive then they should be placed in a specific aisle.
we all hope that one day our children will not pick up a book or a magazine their not suppose to read.
hey my name is and i have some things to talk about that people need to hear.
so if someone were to remove that material, the person that needs or wants it, would not have the access to use it.
when you could simply go online and look it up on the computer?
meaning shell survive also.
i for one agree computers are helpful because, they help you learn about new things, talk to people around the world, and try new things.
this means he will dehydrate quicker, and will need more water.
there are many different reasons why all books should stay on the shelf, but here are a couple of mine.
i think that censorship in our libraries would be a idea, and i think we should definitely not take out all the offensive material in the libraries
it is a time of renewed.
thus creating a decision usually for the parents, usually assuming they are the ones to but the album or the music for their child.
some people like to stay and read the newspaper and listen to music while out in the library.
finally the limits of the road affected the cyclist.
in his attempts to make it to that next town, that how the setting mos affected the cyclist in the way that it did.
as for myself i am one of those on the side of which is for computers.
anybody is entitled to his or her own preference.
throughout history there have been many books written at a time in history when their beliefs on certain things differed from what our world today believes.
and it is also a great way to learn information on topics and places very far off.
so here is examples of these three things.
although i do believe that people who find things offensive should just stay away from it.
now a days computers are taking over books.
the readers are the ones that are claiming that the books and other media aspects in libraries are offensive.
she felt alone and that she would die.
this means that books, magazines, movies and music is being removed because some individuals might find it offensive.
and basketball keeps you quick and always running.
in fact, i was required to read it for school.
this is another law that says citizens are allowed to think they will of anything.
people might need those materials for research or if they just want to find out about something.
but what cams this?
thank you for your time.
so now lets get to the movies that are playing in some of these shows.
however, book plays a major role in the cannon.
peoples computers have been infected and information has been stolen leaving people helpless.
we could use energy for more important things that people any need.
people these days are taking things way to far with their opinions.
computers have of folders and programs to store information you need.
the positive effect and negative effect that computers have on people.
a ringmaster came with a lion.
next, all music should remain in libraries.
although to some people this argument go either way, if the line is never drawn on what is available, who knows what the world come to.
from this quote, i can see why the author is grateful.
to whom it concern, computers are beneficial to society.
if everyone was to ban one book they found offensive, the world would be without any books and become quite dull.
television is basically the same for movies.
the kids we saw years ago were on the right path.
many people will answer this question differently.
i know you will agree with me when i say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life.
remember it will always be out there, all we can do as try to keep it out of reach of our children.
would you be able to throw away your life, into an alien world, just so that your children would have a better future?
computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics.
you have an opportunity to learn about things you like.
computers are used by billions and they a great way to learn stuff about are whole world and the things that are on it.
for example they show things about mythology for making a pat.
many schools across the country use computers to help teach kids.
there is nothing wrong with learning about negative things because that teaches people lessons so they know or not to do if in that situation.
he had immense patience and strove for perfection in everything.
it is up to the kids not to read them.
he states that he could never thank his parents enough for the valuable lessons they instilled in him, especially their generosity and sense of community.
it makes them think of you dress like this when you get older you can get all the boys too.
also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by .
the scenery created a sense of hopeless because it was abandoned.
later that day, they got a call from the credit card company warning them about the purchase.
in the story.
it is because you know what is right and wrong.
he is fourteen years old.
they help people to get familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words.
also if you are in the army and have a baby you can watch as they take their first steps or say their.
horrible music is just as bad, because they can listen to it and get their bad language from the .
computers have made a big change to everyday life.
a computer can not only do mental things to affect you also physical like coordination.
if you go on in you could find hundreds of on one topic.
everyone has the same rights to read any book they want.
you can listen to music instead of walking up to the radio and turning it on.
you and i both know that every one needs a .
he should be humble and polite.
than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want.
one day, in summer, the clouds appeared in the sky.
the narrator has a bunch of good thoughts, about his mother and father.
younger people will stop coming because materials will be less interesting.
the author is saying that even when things are hard and seem impossible, something will be the to lift your spirits.
no one is making you watch or read any of that.
i play lots of sports and i love them all.
in public libraries books should not be censored movies should be censored and music should not.
i achieved a lot of knowledge by reading various books and newspapers.
second, the computer causes you to interact with people less.
my parents do.
this has effected people because it is a faster ans easier way to write.
the author had literally put himself into the memoir as i read.
it shows her getting used to the new home
the have different website that play video of things that are funny.
should books, music, movies, and magazines that are offensive to public be removed?
second of all the mood of the author is appreciation.
certain derogatory and offensive music is available in libraries, and it should be removed from the shelves as .
mood is a feeling displayed to the reader through literature.
people should be focusing on family and friends rather than playing games on the computer.
secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes.
these are my three reasons why i think computers have a good effect on people.
he describes how all immigrants left their country just to give their children better lives.
secondly, they are too time consuming and, thirdly, computers are too expensive.
there were even doctor books with graphic images.
which is funny how those books are the only books that were fun to read during the school year.
using computers is something i know millions of people use everyday, and would think would be difficult to live without.
every individual has their own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain.
computers affect people in a positive way.
since i have two computers and one laptop i have to agree that every person who likes to look up stuff should have a computer.
i chuckled, checked my water supply and moved on.
nobody wants something to go against them in anyway.
as a conclusion, the basically has stronger negative impacts and consequences than positive ones.
i was the only student in our grade that knew that answer.
another great source of entertainment are video games.
an i can check how teams are doing.
it also has a number of storybooks and magazines.
so at the end of the story she said i will take that test again.
secondly, it gives the people the ability to on other cultures or where a is .
of people that use the almost everyday are students.
when girls look at a model in a magazine they try and be just like the model.
in the beginning of the story, he passes the first town and continues riding his bike, following the directions some old folks gave him.
immigrating to a new country is difficult and many immigrants face problems on a daily basis.
i particularly enjoyed this memoir.
would you think that this is a public place, and everyone has their own opinions?
because we are all the same.
dear , i am writing to you to let you know my opinion on computers and technologies.
also it is an ending that is open.
only because the computer were going to crash and lose all the data that we have ever recorded.
if we remove every book that someone finds offensive we will have no books on the shelves of any library.
due to time difference, it is hard to stay in touch.
but the reason why the daughter comes back with the plant is she has failed her parents on the driving test.
this allows the reader to feel such love and happiness which is being expressed.
dear , you think computers are good for providing us with useful information?
my final reason why spending to much time on the computer is bad is that your not enjoying nature.
but every so often, you have someone that abuses their rights to something.
also, when you see on the internet you can get real time updates of major events in the world.
another way computers benefit society is by allowing us to get any form of entertainment easily.
but when they read a book about a kid there age getting kidnapped they understand more clearly on the whys in life.
so this is why i think computer are helpful but a waste of time.
it eats small snakes, lizards, insects, and seeds.
one of which, that my teacher picked up, was ' right ' by .
some argue that computer websites are not entirely reliable i beg to differ.
and the guy dad invited to come was .
these are some of the important arguments put forward by him.
computer like i said are sometimes bad like people and it also like a drug.
i would hope you read and reread this letter and consider about believing that computers have a positive effect on people.
the content has a right to be there.
as you can see, coordination is essential to sports.
they had to dismiss many hardships such as lack of water, being lost, immense desert heat, plus minor things like snakes and road conditions.
so all in all more in likely the book should probably just stay on the shelf.
children are directly affected by computer use in family settings.
she believes that she can pass the test when everything is back to normal, in the spring.
love, positive messages, influencing good, these are the types of things most people want to hear or read.
the setting of the story affected the cyclist by changing his mood.
one thing is certain, i will not.
love is all around this house.
it also lets people interact with others in a different way.
that make me desire to read it even more than before.
why cant it be in a library?
no little kid should be looking at or saying those things.
dear newspaper i think that computers were one the best things ever created.
some topics or other things found in the library are not suitable for every one and should not be allowed in a public place.
people do job reports on .
health in very important but sitting in front of a computer for hours makes matters worst.
the features of the setting have a huge effect on the cyclist.
the setting brought him fear but he made it through.
whether that be to exercise or simply enjoy nature.
said that of people that get a new computer spend minutes more than what time they usually spend on it.
the author added this last part because it tied and matched so well with the story.
they become fat.
finally when he reached and fish camp he was thankful and wanted to show his gratitude.
what are you supposed to do about your research paper now?
in conclusion, this concluding paragraph uses several symbols and devices in order to convey hope, good memories, and fresh start.
in paragraph , the author writes about the closeness and kindness of his neighborhood.
it is the right of any human to be able to go to a library and be able to read about any subject he or she wants.
which is more important to you, family or computers?
there is no law forcing us to see movies that we do not desire to see.
the mood that the author shows is happiness and love.
he was running out of water and he thought be a diamondback.
first he had to go miles without water which resulted in him loosing faith becoming dehydrated and not continuing with his plans.
there are various ways to communicate with people through the computer.
computers teach us many things.
secondly, is a great way to learn about history.
however, the issue changes completely when one considers children.
therefore people need computers so they can keep in touch with their families.
computers are an amazing way to meat new pol online.
people are even needing internet access on cellphones to stay up to date on stocks, shipments and important emails.
a lot of the at home jobs today require computers, and without the computers the job would not be getting done.
(paragraph ) the memories from the home make the mood loving and warm.
programs like allow to present their work in a new and efficient way.
but even though it started out good almost nothing last forever.
i believe that there are certain movies, music, and other things that are bothering parents.
once child read an article , book.
some of these relatives live very far away or not have a phone to talk on, so you can talk to them here.
all of this shows that the setting affected the cyclist on his .
(did not finish)
and if the people are uneducated on the issue of rape, how will it ever stop?
i suggest that people listen to it because it is very realistic in ways.
computer are also a new way to get entertained.
movies have a protection against this called ratings.
in the memoir, the author created the mood that made it had a close relationship.
now even though i mentioned all those good things, there are unfortunately bad ones too.
first reason that we need computers is that it can be a map for us.
i do believe that certain media, should be displayed in confidential locations.
furthermore, people can interact with friends over the computer.
but, the three ways that i have chosen to tell you about in this letter, i feel, have impacted us the most.
majority of people stand firm with politics and do not budge when it comes to discussing what they believe is right or true.
exercise is important to your body and computers are not.
it makes her feel more confident.
speaking of which, computers have a very negative affect on relationships nowadays.
next, okay to take a movie and watch it or even ask for some music to lesson to.
that is why i am no to letting people remove anything off of any shelves
she researched it and got how to the mark go away.
they help people stay connected with old friends, and work.
you should think about this because this is happening to much in the world.
computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources.
there are things on the market that has an error of a certain group who might like action movies.
i have a bath and dress up for school.
with any of these reasons, computers are really benefiting our society.
computers can be addicting and cause us to play for hours.
but there are many other types besides rap.
the first reasons is when in your school you have homework, work, project or something like that the computer help you a lot.
why would you travel in a place is you back.
if technology becomes too powerful in our civilization, how can we learn to interact with our humanity.
too much time on the computer limits the amount of exercise you get everyday.
some people work at home on computers.
these computers are an advantage to our learning and knowledge.
even though she has failed her drivers test.
taking time away from the computer is a smart idea.
i believe that the books, music, movies, magazines should be removed if they are really offensive.
lastly, school was computers .
school systems have good reasons why they censor some book, and i agree with the cooperation.
taking away the art that some find offensive would not be fair to those who enjoy it.
we need to protect our freedoms, but also protect our children.
if anything happened to him there is no one to help.
taking books off the shelve taking knowledge away from the people.
this is why the computer supports our society.
would you want to be the person to take away computers?
people need to cut down on the electronics.
, his view on things.
children have actives mind that pick up on everything around them.
should be removed for profanity and drugs.
if you have school work to finish, computers help will work.
dear , i think computers have bad effects on the people in this world.
most of all, remember how much you can achieve with a computer.
therefore the soldier is also an important person in society.
second, computers are an amazing invention because you can find help for schoolwork easily.
what you have relatives or friends in a different country?
if we ban books because we do not agree with them or find them suitable, eventually there will not be any left to check out at the library.
some phone services are very expensive, and cost even more money for long distance calling.
i like rock and metal music just because rap is a little offensive.
if they get bad grades they could fail the marking period and stay back.
he also describes happiness in the kitchen, the heart of the house.
although, our entertainment today is much different then it was back then and will be much different than it will be in the future.
everyone is going to have a different opinion on most things and therefore, there should not be censorship in libraries
too much time on the computer can interfere with physical activities, social time, and health issues.
for example, the family and life and even if you miss them.
when books, music, movies, and magazines are censored, the freedom of speech that the author had is being diminished.
magazines should stay at the grocery store rather then a library that i take my child to.
people read material to entertain themselves, and there is nothing wrong with entertainment.
i believe that book should be kept in order of age.
your family is always their to comfort you when ever you have a terrible day.
ever heard of ?
you can search and get information.
no, it helps them learn, socialize with family and friends and they can get in shape with the new exercise that they learn from how to videos.
the mother was also able to overcome some obstacles.
if adults want to learn something new all they have to to is search it on the computer.
and if the writing or music is inappropriate to a race or culture should it be removed.
behind some movies or books there is are violence and bad scenes.
as a , i doubt you say that research is a negative affect on school kids.
without this gadget, we could not be able to live the life we have , a life that can get us to where need to be.
they wait for this period impatiently.
nothing would ever get better, and the society would stay at the same level that they were when the censorship began.
fictional books are meant to fill the mind of whoever reads them with tales and mental images of a story created by the author.
there are also websites that find you direction, to where you need to go.
an ideal teacher knows the art of teaching.
for example it states this place might have been a thriving little spot before the last world war it fit the tradition definition of a ghost town.
some people believe that reading something can be an influence to the way they act, but you cannot blame that on reading.
but my favorite author is sir arther conan doyle.
if everything is taken out then nobody would have any reason for going to a library.
the worst thing would have to be that he ran out of water.
one problem with show was that my dad loved show as well, and tried to get my mom to like the show.
recently i had to do a project in about a place in .
the most challenged book in school libraries is .
i think you learn everything from your parent how to act and all that.
it is inevitable that the computer and technology related to that, paint the picture of the future of our world.
i believe that everyone should be free to read, listen or watch what they choose to.
so please take the violence off the shelf
another problem that computers give you is being non social.
have you ever been looking for a book and not being able to find it?
computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people.
sometimes they eat potato chips and cookies and have soda.
dear newspaper, the fresh air that cools your skin and the wind blowing through your hair while you are running side by side next to your best friend.
we see a rainbow only when there is sunlight and rain at the
to each, its own.
this, soldiers, is what need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics.
computers can teach us!
when you can talk to them in seconds!
newspaper and readers, computers are a very large part of our lives and society.
it gave me a great deal of information that to this day, i use.
so, she just looks up the definitions on the computer instead of taking the time to find them in the dictionary.
if we get rid of certain books we get rid of certain history as well.
censorship is not only wrong, its unnecessary.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in more than one way.
that way she will feel comfort and be able to take the test and pass, because it will remind her of being home.
if you have kids you risk your relationship with them.
for instance, books talking about the civil war and underground railroad need to be kept in libraries because they are significant historical events.
for some, it just depends on your age, your beliefs, and if you actually know if it is offensive in the first place.
if you are staring at the computer all day, your eyes not be used to seeing everything else.
i was surprised to see the activities people throughout the day.
some other notable games are : , of , , , and .
libraries have all kinds of books.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
it needs to be fixed.
however, you can make it better by using computers and that is a fact.
lastly, they give people the ability to learn about other things in the world.
now there seemed a little chance for it’s a follower to catch up.
however, the land had changed long ago after these men were last here.
he was very happy with who he had become, and how he had been raised.
recently she has been getting off the computer and making more time with family and friends.
and they affect very crucial family time.
lets say you have a history report the tomorrow, you forgot your history book at school, and you know nothing about the report.
we watch movie to also relax and have a good laugh every once in a while.
when they come back in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
it was also very hot.
the fun uses that the computer provides are , , , etc.
for example, a professional photographer may be busy even in his/her leisure time.
also, do you like using the computer?
whenever i have the ability to use the computer, i always do.
sometimes these things should not be on the shelves.
it can get out hand because the computer allows people to grace food online.
kids do not need to be learning these things at such a young age.
they believe the parents should tell their children about everything while they try to make it one big secret for kids.
i have that chance.
i hope i might have changed some opinions of you today, if not then your loss.
when they got a computer, we each bought a webcam and called them everyday on .
so to wrap this all up nice and sweet.
there are also websites you can go on too communicate with people from all around the world.
there are many controversies on whether computes benefit or do not benefit society.
another thing that affected him would be the road condition, where there were tumbleweeds, and a ridiculously large snake.
thus, i urge you to do whatever is possible to use the computer less or face the consequences that come with it.
a hard question to answer.
others have different ideas.
there was once a time, a young lady around her early teens who wanted to check out a type of movie in which she have never saw before.
why computers should be used less frequently!
kids are never outside again.
the hibiscus allowed her to get over the changes in life.
another thing computers are great for is talking.
this way, a doctor will be unemployed less and will be more secure, financially.
another example of an author influenced by his time and upbringing would be .
for conclusion i would say people should stop being lazy on computers and have fun in the world while it lasted.
she finally had something from home that she could hold.
i agree we should spend more time outside but we should also spend some time inside.
this shows the author is grateful for his parents showing him to love cooking.
this is one of the main thin people do when they us a computer to research.
now we have the computer.
even at times the books we think are alright to read end up having a surprise that no one saw coming.
expresses his gratitude toward them a lot.
there, he had almost no water to get him through the day.
and wandering because the conclusion leaves a lot to be answered.
some people type as fast as cheetah runs.
for example you could get a group and clean up the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park.
in conclusion, libraries should not censor any of their materials.
why should the government be able to tell us what to read?
sometimes, people have even been known to think that their online life is better and get sucked into it.
first reason is that computers help people educate others.
another breathtaking adventure that you miss out on is hiking.
this is where computers come in.
these are the kids that are likely to get bad cramps.
the setting of the cyclist was harsh, the weather was too intense to be cycling your heart out all day .
millions of lives could be made better if libraries pulled off inappropriate media from their shelves
what other people do to you or say about you can have a bad effect on them.
your opinions, decisions, outlook on life yourself is one of a kind.
many things that involve settings can affect other things.
i mean, if this is such a problem there should be a certain section to find those things in.
and also set and stand by the age limits of the books being checked out.
things can fly over your head and you might not notice them.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
this can be a serious problem.
the thing is, this is how they talked back then, this is just the way things were.
this is why some of the stuff should be taken out of our public libraries
there is a lot more to life than being on the web.
i do not have to be on computer websites like and here is why.
it is a very sticky situation and determining the answer should be a long and thought out process examining the issue from all angles, and different perspectives.
not even waste minutes on you phone.
the setting affects the cyclist by reminding him how long his journey is, and now at this point he is suffering.
the snake also has a depressing effect about his dangers on his journey.
apparently that is not a message worth teaching the youth of .
some people think that using computers deprives people of going out and exercising.
some other books, though, are meant for educational use and not meant to offend anyone.
the slave trade would be another historical event lost to censorship.
therefore, those parents brought the books to the attention of the school board, who quickly removed the books from its library shelves.
therefore, computers help us all in some little way and makes life easier and more fun.
there are many reasons these things should be censured and in this paper i am going to explain why they should be censured.
there are a lot of music and movies that are very offensive to certain races and religion.
men, women and children crowded near the conductor for tickets.
i cried the first day he moved.
with email, the message will be sent quickly and free.
this illustrates the power of computers allowing people to do things that were once impossible.
flood are a natural phenomenon which has resulted in various geographical features.
everyone knows that family comes before everything!
so in conclusion my ideas where!
for people who have relatives or even good friends who live quite a distance, a computer is what you .
every store should have their own certain things and what you find offensive other people might like.
you should be happy from what town you are from.
many express their religion by means of music and culture.
it is needed has many advantages.
having these will make a computer almost perfect!
children should be protected from such material, and book banning provides this service.
computers are also great for communication if you have relatives far away in another state or even country you can easily talk to them through .
he showed how happy everyone was to be together and nothing went wrong.
so people think they do a lot better around the computer or they do there best work online.
he began to feel discouraged when he passed the grape juice factory and he seriously believed this was the end for him.
in the story about dehydration it says the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
states shows of the natural disasters computer classified them.
computers provide games for everyone from ages to .
my friend wanted me to get one because she said she had one one wanted me to get one too.
the features of the setting really affected the cyclist.
but i would have to say that most people live off of or get entirely influenced by what they read or hear.
dear editor, have you ever used a computer?
not only can i seek help from others on my computer but i can stay in touch with my friends and family.
it is always good to be able to contact anyone who is wanted.
after failing her drivers test, walking into the florists shop and finding that plant comforted her.
so we must take care of what we allow to be released or seen and to which eyes.
leaving options open for students is the best idea, because more kids actually read.
i think library censorship is not a good idea.
computer even have a positive effect on people across the world.
everything in the story was the opposite of what he wanted until he got to his last hope the bait shop.
in the sixth grade, i learned about how to find a certain book in a public library using a system.
to display these materials.
if i wanted to, i could find offense in everything that is in a library.
so why would you make that mistake.
the section is there to catch adults eye.
is this not what we are supposedly guaranteed by freedom of speech?
dear to whom it concern, name is , and i feel computers are bad for society.
if you missed the best part of a you could easily go on a computer, look it up and importance of computers in every day society.
i love to play hockey.
seen almost in every part of this country.
censorship should be decided by the person themselves and should not have it decided for them.
i think we need literature on this because i feel enlightenment on the subject is the only way you can avoid it.
most adults have been through school and are educated but computers help them make discoveries about space, the human body, etc.
they can start believing that they are nothing.
i believe libraries should have all types of books, music, movies, and magazines.
my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company.
in this way, shell always have a little piece of her past with her.
you just want to log on to check your notifications but you can end up on the computer for to hours without even realizing it.
you can always find a library around, there are no !
the issue is people was to much time on computer.
this is what will happen if people spend to much time on the computers.
with all these obstacles in his way, he was able to achieve his goal of getting water.
libraries should not have those kind of books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
dear , you know of people today use the computer for necessary reasons?
literature and history gives us many bad examples of war and its hardening effect on human mind.
without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year!
others might find it inappropriate to have something like that available to the younger generation.
as you can see, i have given you three reasons why i strongly believe computers are badly .
the computer helps by reading it aloud to mom.
sometimes they have to choose between and it depends on how graphic things are.
i wanted to sit in one of those big planes.
later, on when i grew, i was turned out i became a street dog.
we will not be a respected nation anymore.
in conclusion, i believe that censorship should not be used in libraries.
some content in history is very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences.
even if you and call some one they not be home or answer.
then, the student will be able to successfully complete the project.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist greatly.
would help us because it give us access to helpful website that teaches us.
another book, song or music that should be taken off the shelf should be ones that have violence.
and all of them are offensive to someone.
computer have started to make kids obese.
there is a point to be proven or a side story to be shared within most books.
now the opposite side says people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with fiends and family.
the whole story is filled with events like the three above that lead the determination, so its fitting to conclude the story with her determination of it.
thank you for your time.
the library wants to target all aspects of people.
with censorship you are only stripping the freedom of press away from people.
we see street hawkers every day.
removing the offensive items from library shelves will only cause the people searching for these items to look elsewhere.
the bactrian camels have two humps.
if you know what i mean.
some, always offend people for many reasons.
there are so many types of genres of music, that it would be hard to find a person in this world that liked every type of music.
, i strongly believe that we need computers.
i think that only if there is real offensive stuff then it should be censored.
another thing is can get anything needed.
dear whomever it concern, name is and i think that the effects that computers have on people is not good.
the people that find something offensive could also ignore it and walk away.
the computer was a great invention and it is benefited mankind as we speak and that it is that hard to set up.
i know i would.
this is things like staying in town with someone far away, or editing photos.
you need to go outside and breathe in air and be in nature.
this can affect the cyclists will to keep pedaling, and if they have no determination, the cyclist will not go anywhere.
the computer has changed society a lot, for the better.
pieces of are taken away because of their offensive properties.
many movies nowadays are made up of content that is mildly offensive, but only if you take it seriously.
both of these points are valid, but most importantly censoring libraries would be unconstitutional.
they can work for whatever company right from their home computer.
when i was twelve years old i started to listen to music that i enjoyed instead of the music my mother played.
not only should censorship be allowed, it should be enforced.
without computers our country would be nothing.
it has seat and a handle.
when college students get stressed which happens all the time, they could turn on music from the computer to calm them down.
i you see the computer the way i do.
an example of one such occurrence is in the short story winter hibiscus.
mother is important member of the house.
imagine the impact if the had locked away every copy of the because it brought about change and controversy.
computers are slowly making people less educated.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because as the terrain got rougher things to the cyclist got harder.
on thanksgiving my mother was upset because she missed them i was then able to set them up in a video chatroom so my mom could talk to them.
the to the of the , clearly the idea of freedom of the press.
she has to adjust and adapt to the situation that she is in.
with webcams that are attachable to some computers or some that are embedded within the computers you can talk to them.
everyone has that right so i do not think that companies have the right to take that away from them.
my mother brought milk and biscuits for me.
this means that they were close, loving, and unified.
doctor , who is expert in the connections between health and computers, surveyed people.
you can look up what happened during one of your favorite basketball games.
but the worse setting the cyclist had to deal with was the lack of water.
computers are not that bad.
not everyone thinks people should be able to have their own images and visions; however, that is what makes our world so individualized.
at this moment many sexual subjects are quite offensive to many and are viewed unacceptable to the younger generation.
think about you opinion, does anyone care about what you think?
libraries offer a large range of materials and this allows people to express themselves and find entertainment.
this is when computers come in handy.
another person enjoy that book and many others like it as well.
the school was full of boys and girls.
some people go to check out movies that are shown in school so they can watch it if they were absent.
so being able to talk to friends online is one example why i for computers.
it keeps me up to date with currents.
and throughout the memoir there is a constant mood, which is happiness.
the features of the setting put an affect on the cyclist.
if every book was gone from the , what would kids in school be able to read?
certain items have different forms to them.
king suddhodana ruled at kapila wasthupura.
there is so much to learn on a computer.
he was also grateful that he had house and parents like you did.
this taught him a lesson that family can matter more then money.
in past years, censorship in libraries has been the focus of many news reports.
strive to help them.
i had too learn from my parents that the things i were doing was not rational.
some books in the library are offensive to some people but should the books be removed from the shelves?
i could go on and on, on so many more things that computers do for us, but there are not enough pages.
many issues cause obesity but technology (computers) take a big role in it.
send in another person with different tastes, and then you have a completely empty library.
we as have the right to freely state our opinions and what we believe.
in the end the cyclist survived and drank a lot of water.
finally, computers also create many distractions to students.
without the , the is just like any other country and has no direction.
if students go to school and they are in high school they pretty much already know what is going on around the world.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
almost of parents feel that same way.
the for example.
we as a whole need computers to do daily life things, without be able to go online, or save files we would be lost!
secondly, the most concern parents have computers are the many dangers, which is another negative effect it has on people.
reading different types of literature a terrific way of learning and library shelves should be stripped of the books occupying the space.
some say that computers are bad for you but they can really benefit society.
with the facts i have stated, they have supported my reasons.
since i live by myself in , i miss my family a lot.
, in my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living.
this is what my family did on our vacation to and everything turned out perfectly all thanks to the computer and being able to do everything online.
our teacher also encourage us to use computers.
her mother stared at her incredulously.
the hibiscus represents a comforting connection to her old country.
to the computers people technology is a good thing to have.
books that are found offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
should society as a whole take away variety?
face it, forcing an atheist to read an emotionally comprehensive novel of the faith will not be stood for by the reader.
many people even work from home, thanks to their computers.
we know so much more about other places now than we did before computers.
you can also learn all you need to know on computers.
which makes her feel like she is at home and she can at least take the test.
i think that computers teach you more than they, disable you.
not only do you type on it, you learn on it.
but then some books are not offensive too everybody, so it would be unfair if all books were removed from libraries.
in the essay rough road ahead the setting greatly affects the cyclists.
you can learn history or about the present time.
they only become offensive when people think they are.
finally, my last reason for why offensive material should not be removed is because who is to say whether or not something is offensive?
you can obtain a college degree right at your house without going anywhere.
that way you get what you need done.
they allow you to talk to people that you and feel that they are there with you.
why take it off the shelf?
then, kids start doing that on writing in school and most even know it.
complex simple to use technological a world of pictures simple, art and history right at your fingertips.
she is very popular among the other members of the staff.
so, i am here with my parents because of a computer.
as you probably know, not all kids are alike.
i think they should be certain magazines in the library.
the features of the setting affected him in that sense.
in the the people are given many rights that are often taken for granted.
this is because people think different things are offensive so what somebody thinks is offensive it not be to another person.
i took a virtual tour of the and the great .
many students could be seen browsing through the papers and magazines.
whenever i saw his face, i knew that everything was okay.
did you know that is recording everything you do online?
for example you can play games.
when have you ever went into a library and found a book that is so offensive that you complain or try to get that certain book off the shelf?
i do think they should just be placed in different areas.
this shows how happy he was because of how much his parents loved him.
it also sometimes goes by what you are looking for.
this is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free.
computers present job opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others!
mid way through i came to the understanding that the book was truly about a young girl my age being raped.
many people use computers for research, jobs, shopping, homework, and more.
additionally, many things that are found offensive to one person can make something more interesting to someone else.
in my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people.
you can do all this if you are bored or if you just want to go on the computer.
once society is relieved of all literature, the next step will be music.
i also love video games.
books are pieces of art.
these are things you can do on the internet.
just think of all of the things we rely on this device to do.
and it is listened to, not read.
reading is in individual task.
believes that the less time on the computer means more time on family vacations and with friends.
he had been given bad directions that almost caused him his life.
whether it is basketball, football, baseball, track, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding.
for instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy.
, in , more and more of the newest technology is being brought out to the public.
i think that should have the freedom to choose what to read, watch, or listen to.
just as they are today in our local library
during this time he is riding his bicycle for miles and miles in the heat of the summer.
do you want that?
the features of the essay explain how the features of the setting affect the cyclist for many reasons.
after that, computers are also sometimes used to contact people who live faraway from you.
in other words when spring has come she will be ready for the test.
also books are usually funnier to read.
perhaps the media would prove inappropriate for many, but select few will still value the media for what is.
people should be educated on the negative effects computers bring!
he came to an abandoned grape juice factory and hung his head.
people are not always as they say they are.
allowing the reader, watcher, or listener to expect more and want more.
there were long queues.
take for example, a child that is six years old, and can do whatever he or she wants.
when i go to a library i find some stuff that is offensive to me.
my opinion is leave the books there and let people enjoy the books they like to read.
it is a wonderful thing it really is what makes the world go around.
watch or not on a .
learn about plant and the effect they have on life.
the mood of the story is happy.
the mood of the memoir is very appreciative and grateful.
people deserve to have better and not offensive books.
the uses radar to see if there is any boats or submarines coming near them and the have a heads up if there would be an attack.
different regions utilize different systems, but that of the , or the for the , compares relatively well in ranking video games to the rest of the globe.
so did you start to agree with why people should get active outside and have fun.
have you ever looked out the window and saw how beautiful nature is?
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
the biker knew from the start that he should have not given his map.
parents have to make sure that nothing horrific happens such seeing something that a toddler or a teenager is not supposed to see.
the cyclist had a lack of water and was very thirsty.
in addition to financial loss there is also a health issue.
books, movies, and music are all the same.
health is a gift given to us by nature.
to conclude this essay, live brought to you my ideas, and opinions about computers.
the most challenging problem faced by the author was the lack of water.
look what they have given us today.
a kid grow up knowing not to talk to people they do not know but never really understand what bad could come out of it.
this shows that they appreciate its similarity to the old hibiscus.
computers a benefit to have.
she should be strong and follow the flow of life.
he grows different types of crops for us.
he should talk less and work more.
it helps people because they could projects.
i think that it depends how offensive the materials are, as to whether or not they should be removed from the shelves.
since then he was adopted by his foster – mother mahaprajapathi gothami.
i bet almost every kids has played a game on the internet before.
some parents think they should be removed, but others argue they should stay.
i think we should have it so it cant hurt and kids so everyone would be right in life
do a fairly good job of placing warning in the form of ' ' sticks on their covers.
like i said before, one person might not like the book or other source but another person might like it.
that is one of the beauties of being an citizen: freedom of speech.
i believe that even if someone thinks a material in a library is inappropriate, the material should not be taken off shelves.
in this new house many people came over to eat and he felt good around these people.
the man was very crazy.
this is a great idea!
i moved closer to them so i could hear.
if you could please take the information i have given you and think about it, it would be greatly appreciated
these advances in the technology are making us very selfish.
she ends the story off well because she can now have a since of peace with herself by waiting to take the test again.
it helps their reading skills but the content in the book is not suitable for them.
we should always respect them.
explicit content can give children more details about how things really are in life.
this shows her love towards her mother and her care for the plant that represents her pastime.
i say, get rid of that computer.
children not understand right now what is wrong with the economy, but they will soon learn when they are adults why people complain so much.
not only but everywhere!
the culprits had taken to their heels, when the lady raised the alarm.
nothing has me as amazed as the webcam.
but if your computer it gives lots of you can find information.
no matter what are you doing, you are usually doing more on the than on the .
i say music should not be as big of an issue because music you do not see like you do books.
india got freedom under his leadership.
today, computers are helping the world in many ways.
when it goes from sentence to parenthesis the new mood appears then it goes back.
because libraries are considered public places, their materials are considered public property.
cobras, wipers and krait are some of them.
there are so many thing that you would be missing out on.
that skill would be lost and you would have to learn it again.
as the showers fade away, once again winter sets in.
this days, little kids now everything and it is because of what they watch and see.
my last reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because it could effect your education.
might not be running but its fun.
through these our settings the effects change.
the authors parents bought a house that was big enough for his family and his mood was grateful due to his parents.
the cyclist knows the dangers of the setting around him.
all the things that show explicit material have some type of warning for it and if you choose to keep reading or listening it is your decision.
could have been helped if she had used a computer.
“an eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
because of that, i feel that there should not be a restriction on what books a library puts on their shelves.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they started to mess with her mind.
they help very much with education, and even that alone i think should be enough to convince you that computers are helpful.
a computer is a tool that is a good feature for any home.
but should libraries take them off the shelves because of this matter?
everyone has their own point of view.
i barely talked to anyone unless it was through email.
his father worked in a laboratory and his mother studied chemical engineering.
every caring, loving human cares about spending time with their family.
your net sustaining the right amount of vitamins you need daily, at a computer screen.
the mood created by this memoir is a relaxed caring kind of mood.
our school peon’s name is jack.
lastly, they save us money.
kids can get on the and stumble across things that they definitely should not see, so does that mean we should ban the ?
but, there begs the question if certain materials should be excluded if they deemed to be offensive.
i, personally, love magazines, movies, and music.
when it’s time to get a job, having done sports could be an added qualification.
the playground gets crowded and there is hardly any game possible.
ever since they were invented, computers have been advanced more and more even years.
why not simply put a warning label for that race or religion?
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit, many features of the setting affected the cyclist.
how about what reminds you of home.
for example, perhaps a year old is more mature than an year old.
he once took me to a dog-show, where i got the second prize.
because he was running out of water, running out of strength, and running out of patience.
really does love and appreciate his parents and everything they did for him, that being a main theme of the memoir.
besides he has a trust map: he got a lot from this trip.
a third reason people should not use computer is because they stop interacting with real people.
along with many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for.
so i think their benefits our society.
or if you wanted to know when died.
people need to take it upon themselves and understand what they can and cannot handle, and then apply that to their daily lives.
show them respect and play something everyone can have fun with.
i myself have not come across any books, movies, or music that have offended me.
high and students are going to hear.
in conclusion, the author in the memoir had created a mellow feeling throughout the whole memoir.
nature has assigned different tasks to different body parts.
my opinion on movies however are a little different.
some say that some technology like computers are bad, i think that computers are good because they give you the ability to learn about for away places.
first of all, i would like to talk about how computer can help us with anything.
do you think we should remove certain entertainment off of library book shelves?
you can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get air.
i feel that censorship in libraries is not needed.
materials at a library should not be censored because the materials would decrease, people would choose what to look at, and the material would help with research.
because some of the things are very mean in books and movies.
she wants to overcome her sadness and plan onward not leaving her memories behind but her pain.
they are comfort, love and sacrifice.
i walked into my living room.
the flowers take her to a happy peace and make her feel at home.
there is no more need to search for hours through biographies.
now people of all ages can use it for all different kinds of things.
my questions is, ' not let people read and watch something that they want even if it is offensive?'
this is also an example of fear that started over coming him, when he saw even more changes.
it is a bright object in the sky.
after a few years, had passed by she had finally got the nerve to go on a hunt for father.
he thanks his parents repeatedly throughout the memoir for the love, caring, family, friends and selflessness they brought into his life.
the computers we use in society do not harm us in any way!
the one advance that has stood out above the rest is the invention of the computer.
suddenly, the bus stopped.
think i organize my ideas as much present them clearly.
you can find all good stuff online.
another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading.
some materials are offensive to some people but not to others.
for some you do have to be a certain age and that is because of the offensive material.
why not it?
this is why i think computers do not have a good effect on the people who use them.
this shows that little of the ' house hold is never out side playing with friends.
kids always follow what they hear or what they see.
my answer to you is to not just throw everything out that be offensive, or that you might not want your child to see.
to were no little kids can rent the book.
perhaps some day your child will get a job working in on office where they must use computers all day long.
what is considered offensive to a person could be the interest of another.
they talked to their boss, made copies, had meetings drank coffee, and most of all they spent half of the day doing work on the computer.
could mean she realizes what happens; happens and never stop doing or going to a goal you want.
some were discussing politics.
computers have gotten more advanced over time.
dear , computers are helpful once in a while but out of people believe that they are a waste of electricity.
i do agree that some people who spend all day in front of their computers are spending less time exercising!
they can help with homework, interacting with people, and even help us with exercising.
i got the home work and got an a all thanks to the computers ability to interact with others.
he runs a small shop.
some people say computers are not distracting, well i say they are.
for example they write going dance.
if everything we read was censored, there would be nothing to read.
being obese is terrible for your health.
they are teaching us something.
i would rather watch a funny movie then a kid movie.
it keeps us in touch with the world.
the cyclist was also dealing with the difficult roads.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are a great thing to have.
i noticed that she tried to keep me from getting certain books and was fine with others.
lastly, he was lost.
at home i prayed for his quick recovery and return from the clutches of such non-cooperative hospital staff.
further more, computers cut into quality time with friends and family.
he got down on his knees and palled with his night hot all that came but was blackish water.
dear and of the i think that computers are a good thing to use.
wide signs of dried outcast winded my limb, and the growing realization that i could drop from ??
did you know that obesity, has gone up since last year?
but i still think that there are ways to use computers without the bad cause.
parents, now than ever, are concerned about how their children are raised, and are always looking to clear inappropriate things away from their lives.
another reason computers are good because they can keep you out of trouble and can keep you entertained.
censorship in libraries limits what people can enjoy.
books with a lot of cursing can be offensive to religions groups who are forbidden to curse or read curse words.
which i really miss her.
it could help gain knowledge, meet new people or make you gain weight and have a lack of social skills.
it has helped one as a student.
other than that i have found that movies and magazines are just as bad as books when it comes to being offensive.
not helping it.
people are spending more time on computers and less than exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
everyone has a right to read what they want to read.
as soon as i got home from school, i would always go on the computer.
everyone has books that they do not like or do not approve of.
one person can learn so much with a computer.
in love he shows that his parents immigrated mostly to give his children a better future.
in a library you have the right to have an open mind.
the hot sun beamed down on the cyclist.
there should be a certain age bookshelf that only certain aged people are aloud to look at.
in the short story, rough road ahead, the cyclist faced with many problems.
i ask why some individuals would want to give one freedom we do have away?
the mood set for this story is loving.
the world is exposed to offensive material everyday.
as for the music, we would just stomp our feet and clap our hands to make music.
also he talked about him might getting a heatstroke.
removing information from the library because it is offensive is essentially depriving people solutions to problems.
they have censored books in the libraries just sitting there like its a book about or something.
when the child reads this, he might want to do everything that is in the book.
the author sends a message to her readers when one leaves what they once had.
also talks about how lived in a neighborhood with all the other immigrants from all over the world.
points are scored by throwing the ball into the basket fixed at each end of the court.
he knows how to act in an emergency.
authors work too hard for writing their book and go through the publishing process.
that sort of material, however, should have restrictions on who should and should not check them out.
they had such fine dishes while i was forced to take bitter pills, milk and a little porridge.
there should also be an extra bonus at the festival time duty.
the internet can help you find a job twice if not three times as fast.
so tell me what you think!
you can do lots of stuff with computers such as help people learn new things almost about everything.
by censoring these items we will never learn and neither will our children about other cultures, history, or liberal ideas.
they help function machines.
ramzan is a big religious festival.
i have never in my years of seen a book or heard of someone who saw a book that offended them.
they should have a complete knowledge of democratic living and democratic from of government.
all you have to do is search what you want information on and millions of articles will be at the click of mouse.
as you can see i believe computers help people and society greatly.
this shows how sad and depressed she was because, the tone the statement was said in was a sadder more depressed tone.
the choice to read or watch this material is up to the person, and should have no influence on other humans opinions.
they eagerly wait for the bell.
because this man is very rich, he has lots of material wealth.
authors choose their last paragraph for specific reasons.
if you tried to take it all out, like everywhere in the world everything would be crazy.
just go on your favorite search engine and search your topic.
also, if a student has a paper due the , but their printer is broken, they email the paper to the teacher.
if you have some spare time you should hang out with them and have some fun, go to the mall!
those are some valid points on why i believe that books, magazines, movies, and etc.
this is the effect of library censorship.
nothing with a negative affect on a person should be viewed by an innocent child.
i think the memoir has a happy and grateful mood.
i i do.
the were hills that made his ride difficult.
people learn too much on it.
i feel that we should all take a stand against computers.
i wiped the sweat from my eye the way the author described the hill as crippling should how much energy it was taking away from the cyclist.
just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could.
if the setting had been in a more urbanized area, the cyclist could have gotten help from other people, which would have made his ordeal very easy.
my six hundred dollar computer crashed!
it was on a , and my mother was just about to have a baby.
fresh air is very important for us.
i walked into my living room one night and saw my mom on the computer.
anybody that is years of age or older could be in there.
another reason computer time is a good time could be is it saves money on other things.
censorship, or ?
have fun, but be careful
one of my good friends is years old, has two jobs, her own apartment with her boyfriend, and is not supported by either of her parents.
this makes life easier for many people.
reading this made me feel grateful for what i have, and think of all my parents did for me and sacrificed.
no one is perfect and we all make mistakes.
my opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out.
i have no idea what those books are and what got them on this list but they must be very rude and vulgar to be on this list.
i feel like once you become a parent you automatically think your smarter than a kid but yet kids are pretty darn smart.
it is just starting to scare me about what kind of stuff my little brother and little sister could be reading.
furthermore, if i needed is contact friends, i just them, rather than speaking in person,.
another example would be the time i went to the library to write a research paper about the human body systems.
if you need information on anything you can search it.
i know that we cant watch their every move but we can do our best to watch what they are doing when they are in close watch.
lets start off with a book that has killing in it.
there are people who can read, listen, watch, and see what they like.
everyone is different no one person can speak for the whole world.
censorship of said materials will effectively undermine both of these rights.
and they will always try to fight and say that artist like ' , , and are not suited for their .
maybe because of some important information they might need for an assignment from a teacher.
some of the books can get pretty nasty and terrible with all of the things they say.
each person has a really good ability that stands out.
parents and children can learn about sex whenever they want, but some parents choose to wait.
a little later he comes across fish camp, he is very relieved and thankful to the owners.
instead you can exercise.
he crashed into an electric pole.
you can learn about the care of the earth and what goes on inside it.
you would be mad at them and wonder why.
the author was trying to show how she can change, and grow just like her plant.
more people go to a library now not to study or to read in peace, but to get a sex high.
this is evident in do not exceed posted speed limit.
there can be men who say there and really be .
censorship should be evident in all sections of the library.
the others are either buying things or playing games.
& out of students have computers.
and i think the author is trying to point out that everyone should have the strength to do the same.
let me tell you some important facts about the computer.
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she is giving herself hope on passing her test.
every day, constantly, for about a year, i came home, to on the computer, and began my , as i .
i remember a time when i wanted to by something a store all the way in i went online at home and bought there!
everyone has their own view on the subject of offensive or not.
every person is different, with varying ideas.
how will anyone see the beautiful sights of the outside world if their eyes are glued to the computer screen?
those headaches over time can become even worst.
one person thinks is bad, another not.
my bro, , had on assignment to do .
and we all have our own views in what type of genre we enjoy listening, reading or watching.
my other reason to you why people use websites is for messaging.
however the generation under me will soon love them.
as he pedal on the sun was beginning to beat down but i barely noticed it.
as you can see computers should be used as much as they are being used by the general public.
this is my first reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
you would just go on the computer and find all the information you need.
the experts say that people are spending less time with there friends and family then on the computer.
by growing up in such a wonderful place he will always never forget how his parents turned his simple house into a home.
books, movies, and music are forms of entertainment.
we still got to talk and have a nice conversation.
this shows that many children are on a computer too much.
artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with or .
the mood the author created in the memoir is love.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
now lets talk about something.
this reminds me of my cousin .
some people would agree that some online games are educational.
if they far away.
the computer allows for quick and beneficial research.
dear i think that computers are beneficial to our society for example, computers are very helpful to everybody.
it is as if the sun were taunting him, telling him that he cant make it.
some ask what a library is, well they are good places to go.
who would want to have a little kid watching something sexual in a movie?
art should never be censored, for the lack of it will halt all developments in our society.
you get most of your vitamins.
people for centuries have been writing and coming up with songs, movies, and magazines.
the computer helps us learn about other places in the world.
also, you can use it for researching purposes.
the routine of the farmer is never disturbed by the sun or rain, cold or heat.
since most people access these websites from their computers its another bad effect of computers on people.
how would it be if everyone liked the same things.
take it down!
is this a bad thing?
if that book is taken off the shelf, it is restricting other people, such as , who would like to learn or read about that specific subject.
however, if you know how to use a computer , then you have a great chance of getting a job that can support you and your family.
the hibiscus hedge?
i think if you are reading or watching it, then it is at your own fault if you are offended by it.
but, as mentioned earlier, censorship should only be to a certain degree.
without items such as books we could have a hard time learning new stuff all the time.
with entertainment it is hard to please everyone.
he felted loved because his parents sacrifice for him.
also, the changed terrain affected how much water he drank and how hard he had worked just to get up that one long hill.
she had walked into a flower store to see if they sold the hibiscus that she had seen.
as the quote says, everyone has the same right to read, which is true.
for example, a small girl was playing a game on the computer and a person began talking to her, it could be a predator.
well, for one thing, i know that computers can take up!
she wants to be able to handle the loss better.
normally, they would miss their homework.
it will be judged in many ways no matter what anyone has to say, so the problem should just be left alone.
most of those people are of age.
recent research from says that of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer every day are over pounds.
so you should go to the library, but no one can take you.
one nurse was so rude that she never attended to any case unless called upon by the doctor himself.
first, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things.
this quote shows that not only was he faced with the heat, but also with lack of water.
the beauty of the outdoors become forgotten.
well not all magazines are rated , some have inappropriate material in them.
i think parents should try and do all they can to keep certain things out of the reach of their children.
it leaves many students uneducated about many things that they need to be educated about.
as , a writer for the .
looking outside the window, i saw snowflakes falling on everything.
post offices are located in every town, village, and city.
i think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us.
one of them will be about exercising.
in conclusion, computers have its benefits to the social community.
!, that is not the case here .
also you can entertain you over long trips.
there are materials in libraries that are found to be offensive to some people.
more kids are becoming over weight everyday.
but what about us?
when my brother first got his computer he literally locked himself in his room for days.
lastly, computers have had negative effect on society because of money.
movies, books, magazines, newspapers, music, and much more flash and sell more than they should.
for example all that typing can lead to arthritis in the hands and fingers in the long run.
the features in the setting, affected the cyclist in many ways.
first of all the weather was extremely hot and hot weather just makes you feel exhausted and like you cant do anything.
books are not the only things that might offend some people.
parents have the right and responsibility to protect their children.
many people have dream to one day build a computer or make new programs.
it might comforted her in a way.
computers and almost everyday.
i was very happy.
most of the time that is bad because kidnappers lie about their information so that you can meet up with them and then they take you away.
computers are an amazing technology to life.
with spending all your time on the computer, you would just be using to get over weight and unhealthy.
lastly would be how his parents cared for him.
this passage just completely revealed how much love had been in the air, even through those hard times.
i think this because many people have different kinds of interests in many things they love doing.
learning about places is very important because you could get lost.
libraries have so many books, and books that talk about everything so what would be the point of having a book taken off the shelves.
i think the opposite.
there is bomb making websites and illegal music downloading websites.
one reason i am for computers is because they are a huge advancement in technology.
in order to make that happen we need find a place for these materials or not have them at all.
second, is your water supply.
with these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place.
i modeled after her likes and dislikes.
i also agree with this.
if you have a positive opinion you might go pick that magazine up and read it.
my mother is a secretary down town at the low form called: .
we would have to read so many books to get the information.
that can cause failure in school or getting fired at work.
the older sister is to busy looking for her own book.
i feel that the student or adult should know if it is harmful to the student or not.
as technology advances, humans are relying on them more and more; most people use them daily.
when my family was planning our trip to in we used the computer constantly.
in conclude the story with that paragraph for a few good reasons.
these are few of the many reasons why the setting affects the cyclist.
i tend to not read very many books about the world.
books are always important , even though i do not like to read that often i still like to read books that interest me.
well i am about to write a persuasive essay explaining what i think is best for younger children to be reading.
childhood is very impressionable age.
this is the same for the books that are on library shelves.
had very fortunate times in his eyes.
i know this because in the story he said there was no one in sight, not a building, car or structure of any kind.
i think the advances in technology is a good thing.
the setting around the cyclist affected him in one main way.
my second reason is that the people this me in the computer they still interact with their family.
the narrator will keep trying when the geese fly back and the hibiscus is budding.
no matter what, someone is always going to take offense to something.
right now she be sad and scary, but she knows that things will work out, and she will be fine.
i believe that books, movies, and magazines should not be removed from the shelf, and that they are there for a genuine purpose.
we show respect and we read what they want us to read about and we listen to what they have to say about the topic.
make it to were you have to show an that says you are or older to get in.
if you talk to them in a long time wondering how there doing what they life.
at the beginning of this memoir they talk about how their parents knew the struggles of a life.
or not all day on the computer.
i hope it all makes sense about how i feel and how i think about things.
we went home with an auto-rickshaw.
finally, unity is found in the mood.
let your mind wander to a place of peace and tranquility.
everyone should have computers, because you can search different things.
they are also littered with movies, books, graphic posters, along with, what i find to be explicit music.
it is actually a very simple matter.
for example, whenever i walk into public places i hardly every see children just running around especially in libraries.
no people in sight lacked security and water, also no buildings.
everyone should be able to take care of themselves.
however the ultimate message of the series is that love triumphs over evil.
that goes for the opposite too what other people find offensive you might like.
not everyone has a great sense of humor so things that some people find funny other people get offended by.
one reason was that he was in the desert.
his destination fills him with relief and pride, knowing that he would survive the strenuous journey.
also with increased computer time people are not getting outside.
she had no idea she was doing anything wrong because she heard it on a movie and if they could say it, then she could too.
please read on to read in detail, as to why i feel this way.
that is my first reason why computers have a positive way on people.
of all teenagers like watching music videos.
this vary for it depends on age, and the way the reader will understand the content of the books.
what is offensive to one person be informative to another.
from different websites.
no book should ever be taken off the shelves of libraries.
public media outlets need to be more heavily monitored, this includes public libraries, retail stores, the internet, and .
i was going to die and the lards would pick me clean.
the way the features of the setting affect the cyclist is by either making the ride easy for him or tough for him.
she also realized that she will never forget her home but she still can move on.
heart disease is caused by obesity.
some being; to learn, to get us ready for college, and to be independent.
she will take her drivers test as a sign of surviving and overcoming obstacles.
mostly teenagers have this problem.
do you think that certain books, music, magazines are sometimes found very offensive?
so for that they always kept their arms and door wide open to people they considered family.
these words, however, are essential to the setting of the novel.
it goes the other way, too: one person thinks is good, another think is bad.
the author is saying that when these animals and living creatures get their chance she too, will get hers.
there are my opinions why a computers have a positive effect on people.
yes, students should go exercise but all the time.
books today are basically telling you real life things that happen or can happen if you do anything.
if they were each given the right to remove the book that offended them, what would be left to read?
in the story he said this place might have been a thriving little spot but it was a ghost town.
but what you can do is make a special section for those types of books young children will not get those books.
sets a mood of gratefulness as well, when describes how much is parents sacrificed for him to grow up well.
i feel that yes an , or school library should not contain the same content as a school library.
i think not.
computers let people interact with each other.
aim is very popular to people of all ages.
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would nothing left to read, and the intelligence of children would drop dramatically.
a lot of our population of the are obese, including kids.
let me explain.
considering the freedom of speech one can express.
eating for hours each day to not a good idea.
every school has a computer.
morning walk gives me health and happiness.
consumers can read the review first and then decide whether to check it out or not.
it never has.
sometimes using the computer could be educational.
that gives the character the sense that next time around she will pass the test.
in conclusion, those were the reasons why i think computers has a positive effect on people.
another important reason computers are a wonderful technology item is because they make it so easy to find needed information.
i think our country has gotten much smarter because of computers.
that is why these materials should remain on the shelves.
adults need to see what there kids read this days.
he was very out of shape and lazy.
i spend two hours daily in my garden.
after that he or she thought that it was extremely funny and wants to try it at home, but then gets badly hurt.
computers benefit our society because they are like an electronic encyclopedia.
in it talks about how his parent welcome refugees to celebrate their arrival to .
for movies there are many different types.
be the smart, and well educated people.
when this happens people will start becoming dependent on a computer.
he means all the people that he spends time with and has a deep connection with.
and he has the sun beating down and is almost out of water.
everybody will be projected to offensive material sometime in their life, so their is no real reason to censor materials.
i hang my head.
the fact that the area he was biking through, and that he out of water put himself into serious danger.
i ask you this, how would you feel?
if they work on computers during a long period of the day, head home to spend more time on the computer, whats that doing to your body?
the snake that he came upon, must have been rather intimidating.
catches your attention and keeps you hooked on whatever it is until you find out what happened.
in conclusion, the memoir has a good and happy mood to it.
the ending of the story was an excellent choice of conclusion for the story.
that is why when coming to a decision on how we should handle this, it is going to take much more thinking than a couple of days.
try something else such as an adult section.
their own opinion on what is interesting is what helps them decide on books to read.
that is how it relates back to the story.
many jobs would be impossible with out computers.
in this story the feeling on nothing and the desert around him and the heat gave him no hope.
i think it should be.
i feel as though reading something that offends me puts me in a state of mind as though i would not like to read any longer.
if you go into a music store you will find many different types of music from rap to blue grass.
the change from flat lands to hills made the ride more strenuous on the cyclist.
he states, tumble weeds crossed my path.
a large amount of people use computers daily, but not everyone agrees this technology benefits society.
most importantly, if it contains sexual gestures it should be removed without debate.
people should at lest get of exercising.
the author states that he is very grateful for his parents, and that there is no way to express the love he feels for his parents.
i remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it.
i believe censorship is necessary.
it does them no good, and it could make your community look bad.
going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy.
the ways physically is the setting is hot and rough and the cyclist would have lack of water and food supplies.
dear newspaper, or to whom this article concern.
no, i do not believe just because someone individually finds something offensive means everyone else does.
she was alone, living with her husband, who was not well, and confined to bed.
in emails you can attach pictures and files with text to communicate.
people should be able to decide for themselves on what they will or will not buy.
for example, we always talk about sports we are involved with during that time of year.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she made a vow to herself and hopefully she will keep the vow and make it happen.
it has grown extremely popular in chatting.
computer addicts do this almost everyday and before they know it, they are.
the author makes every little sentence sound like you actually lived there & or were there at some point.
it help a little, but there are still going to be people who get offended so easily.
i also know people who use the computer the right way and they are very happy people.
let me explain more these reasons.
using a computer can lead to thefts.
you can gather information from servers websites, , you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer.
cyclist are used to riding on smooth, paved roads.
i would make efforts to develop all-round personality of the students.
she also disliked her new home.
many people claim that certain books should be allowed on shelves.
dear readers, computers have a large presence in the world today.
therefore in the end books should be censored!
with racial slurs are offensive; but to others, it just shows how cruel and horrible the world can be.
he used to take me in aero plane also.
anyone can check out a book at the library.
if they do not like it then they should have never taken it home in the first place.
when your were a kid, did your parents let you play all day on the computer?
so then were left with nothing.
in the obesity rate has reached an all time high of .
also you might need to look up some information about a certain topic.
he should take care of his health.
as the cyclists attitude becomes lower the reader makes the connection what ??
everyone is going to have their own preference on what they want to read, listen to, or watch.
you would be ignorant to think they would go out to play.
you can interact with people all over the world.
the author creates many moods in the story.
after a wile you will forget about it.
some people say begging is an essay way to live.
movies today can have pretty much anything they want in them.
lastly, games and sports teach you to accept both victories and defeat equally well with a happy face.
in a library there will always be a book that someone disagrees with or someone will find it offensive.
if were to look up information about the government on the internet, that person would not find a lot of useful information.
secondly, too much time spent on the computer affect your ability to communicate with others.
some people need computers for their .
the mood that is presented, is happiness
being on the computer constantly can ruins your life.
with all these computers many social networking sites are born.
when he saw the building he was relived but when he found out it was abandoned he was sad.
kids in have many projects to do & most of these projects involve writing a paper.
books that some find offensive have already been printed and sold to others.
so that is why the owner will add a bit of everything into their library.
when you complain about something might as well complain in a nice way, because if you do then that person you are complaining to will be nice back.
and you if go to these place then you would need place to stay and have a good meal with your family or friends.
so in my opinion there are some things that should and should not be removed from a library.
i feel there should be absolutely no censorship in libraries.
now its time to !
without computers would not know the important news when needed to or information needed for a specific moment.
although the cyclist remained determined to find water, he had begun to lose hope when he suddenly came across a bait store.
do you love technology?
computers are sure to be our future.
which had helped to create a calm mellow feel.
so think about the decision you are making and will benefit our society or make our society to its knees.
but all of these things can be just as distracting as they can be helpful.
last and final reason is its fun and easy to use.
things got bad.
after that, the adults can choose whether or not their children should watch them.
dear newspaper, computers are everywhere in our nation.
what does that mean?
using a mouse is also a good to improve by moving the digital mouse with the one in your hand.
i think that children should not learn inappropriate material if they are not ready to learn about it, in other words if they are not age appropriate.
most computers come already installed with the necessary programs including: , , or some form of , a virus protection software, and other simple software.
they watch inappropriate movies, when they should be watching something educational.
you are unique.
then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life.
sometimes people need some down time after all their homework is over with.
that why i think they should be remove
it is something that some people might do.
a small closed off room in a library should be sufficient to contain all the books deemed crude.
you can even take college online now!
can you imagine how difficult life would be without a computer?
some of it should be left up to the school or library, but it is also a responsibility of the parents.
what to do now let you on the computer again.
see what i mean by a negative effect?
you really can not get away with out dealing with it
sports also build hand and eye coordination just like if your sitting on the couch using a computer.
if you find a book or anything like that hard to deal with it is crazy.
not one person is the same so not everybody will take offense to the same thing.
more and more children are becoming obese by the year.
you can also use them to meet new people.
people should have a minimal amount of time of minutes each day and then get some exercise.
going up and down hills and pedaling really hard.
lets say they set a hour limit then once its up they have to get off.
other then that i think the computer is a great resource for learning about things and also connecting with people from your past.
i can back that up as well.
you would censor a school book if it had graphic text between its covers.
not for me, but for you.
some people like country and some people like alternative.
for they are very important.
what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive.
the features affect the cyclist in a big way.
i thought that they were good ideas though.
in the end i got the game anyway.
he tells us plainly that he thanks his parents, and that he is very thankful for what they did for him when he was a child.
that would just be a big to anybody who decides to pick it up and read it.
some people just wish to get there thoughts out and share their message with other people.
his parents left behind friends, family, and their good jobs to start anew in , also that he would live a better life than they.
computers allow people to learn, they allow people communicate to family and friends, too.
the computer allows you to connect win people who live faraway with out having to travel to them.
computers take away peoples' free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness.
because hes talking about how his family started and how met his friends.
if someone is to write and publish a book then someone will want to read it.
i believe that some people use materials wrongly sometimes to get ahead and to make a name for themselves.
i think that censorship is a terrible idea.
seeing this just crushes his spirit.
this same thing applies with movies.
no one can never make everybody happy.
i believe that the author ended the story with this paragraph to show the persistence of the main character.
the internet has over millions of websites for many reasons.
computers are an important communication technology.
the mood of this memoir was a comforting and happy mood.
dear i think more and more people use computers because it can help you find a job if you lost it.
the last mood in the memoir is happiness.
everyone hid in attics and basements waiting for the world to end.
my reasons are, kids and adults spend to much time on it, cant interact with friends or family and you cant enjoy nature.
now to sum it all up if a book or whatever it be offends you in the library, then i believe it should be removed from that library.
hence, these parts of the earth experience summer.
she shows determination, because she declares she will take that test again, and seems to have more confidence in herself.
and when he arrive at the bait shop.
secondly learning you can learn a lot on a computer all you have to do is look for it.
there is a lot of offensive music too.
they also showed him the value of being selfless for someone you love.
he thought he was let down.
the love & friendship shared with the people of his neighborhood is also shown in that same paragraph & as well as the other ones too.
when they need to pay a bill, they could just log in, pay it and move on.
today, millions of teens are bombarded with all kinds of media garbage.
take history for example.
anybody can download songs or documents illegally for free, rather than paying for it themselves.
computer could be a good way to talk and ask friends about homework assignments you have missed as if you was absent.
i will be talking about, do think books, music, or even magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found offensive.
when it comes to music and books, they are wonderful learning tools also good for expression of ones self.
when it was two hundred degrees left, and no water left, he pushed himself to the light.
i know this, because in paragraph talks about his culinary skills and how grateful he is to have it passed down to him.
would you want them to come into your business and start complaining and then you are forced to get rid of that item because of them.
some of the advantages you get from these online sites is that you can chat with an old friend and show them a picture of you and your family.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
well you never see them because they live far away right?
no one can experience the greatness of nature while on the computer.
and when he saw the factory and stopped.
this world is to big to start picking and choosing.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have affect on people because firstly, it gives people the ability to learn from faraway places.
meeting people from various professions is my another hobby.
after all i am the parent right?
it would teach us to be more intelligent.
books and magazines should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive.
thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
and that makes the world safer for every one.
they play with it.
dear , i am a student and i hear that some people think it is good to use computers and others think that its a waist of time.
programs like allow you to make new friends as well as reconnect with old friends.
however, a recent study shows that after computers came out, more people have begun to read.
they have dictionary sites, history sites, encyclopedia sites, etc.
the mood created by the author was a very unique one.
this is what we are putting into our movies and books and magazines, and putting into the children of heads.
also it mite help some crime to stop to.
in this memoir, there are many moods created by the author.
i do and will always have the same opinion that is positive towards computers.
i am against censorship.
i believe that computers have bad effect on people.
i mean seriously, if you play computer games you can have fun while knowing your going to make your doctor happy.
but i think that we need to find a balance between the two.
the technology is there.
i believe that computers are beneficial.
dear , a home on your town; all you hear is, mom, mom , mom drive me to the library to get books.
if there is a book out there that is offensive in your view and you read it there is no reason you have to agree with it.
these hackers break the security codes and buy things online using other peoples money.
where would the line be drawn saying a book is unfit to be or placed into circulation.
what did was instead of trying to deal with the picture, she wondered off and tried to find another book that does not have any grotesque pictures.
however is there any difference that we can find unique in india in our attitudes towards parents?
like afternoons or during lunch time.
every where you go, you will see people with laptops or other portable computer devices.
so get of the computer and go !
with others, updates worldwide and information on school all are in a great piece of technology called the computer.
everyone has their favorite music they listen to or their favorite book to read even if it does offend a certain group or type of people.
she said that if she has the right to take books off the shelf, then so does everyone else.
if censorship continues, the future of literature is doomed.
the old men told him where to go on the map even though they had not been through that way in years.
in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the unbearable setting effects the cyclist with its harsh conditions.
over one million people on the computer daily.
when you see things on the screen and go to chick it you are actually helping out your body.
in the story he told the many sacrifices his parents made to give him a better life than the one they had.
dear , i strongly believe that use of computer is beneficial to the community.
the teachers find this book to be too inappropriate for their students.
two weeks ago i took my year old niece to our local public library to find her a book.
in his desperation he finally saw a sign for hope that gave him strength in order to continue on.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
children now look up to these song writers and want to become them.
his surroundings led him to the state of dehydration.
when you go into a library have you ever seen the many subjects people write about?
books about drugs are alright to an extent.
the author describes this scene as the wind was blowing harder, tearing off the last remnants of green in the chicory weeds.
the school teacher, the monk and the native doctor in a
this shows the increase in effort in strain the terrain caused on the cyclist during his adventure.
also in the story it states, flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
the reason love and kindness is the mood because he says he loves his parents for self sacrifice so that he could grow up in the of .
games on the internet are also very bad.
the above quotes really draw you in and you get to see the many features of the setting and what its like for the cyclist.
this is not the case.
than parents all you got to do is take those songs away.
the sex, drugs, and violence used to create a story, have destroyed the minds of our youth.
i just put that book down and continue my search.
i have never heard of a kid book that is terrible and that should be pulled off the shelf.
but how will we be able to do that if we only email and ?
i believe that if there is something in a library that is deemed offensive by one,it is not deemed offensive by all.
they provide books, movies, magazines, music, and computers for you to locate something you are looking for.
if knew that they might cause their parents to diverse they might stop playing on the computer so much.
my friend was on his computer typing a report, and then his computer shut down.
if you just even look out your window to see this beautiful god created for us you would want to go out there and enjoy !
everything must be taken with a grain of salt.
this fact itself proves our nearness to the animal kingdom or the animal world.
maybe if you have to search something for school, the computer can help you.
computers keep your divorce could have from computer.
some people have to be on the computer all day.
the author shows his love also for his neighbors and neighborhood, even though the was very racist they still came together like a family ( ).
many of these books have images of how do this and that.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy and loving mood.
they also say that they are not interacting with family and friends.
it can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it.
what kind of influence is that on the children.
another reason why i think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone.
going on the computer can have a negative effect on you!
my final discussion is music.
books, movies, music, and magazines are made for people to look at, read, watch.
since they want it more they will find away to do, watch, or listen to what ever it be.
i think the story overall was alright beside the fact was offensive in it though.
for example in paragraph two the author talks about the simple apartment that him and his parents lived in as a great place.
the book was full of adventures.
also computers help out immensely with school work and homework.
gives bullies a chance to make their prey depressed into a point where they consider suicide.
the reason why is family and friends are distant, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things far.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
for instance, the cyclist had trouble finding a place with water to drink.
computers are consuming the lives of everyone.
i remember going to the library all the time when i was younger.
in the end, the problem will be solved.
as you can see computers are valuable items used in everyday life.
i liked to explore the library and find new things.
stop writing on that pad, get up and type it on your computer!
if they are in an area of the library that other people think is inappropriate for them to read, go to a different area.
there are thousands and thousands of books on display at the public library, that does not mean you have to read all of them.
it can also help learn a lot of things.
students contact teachers through email if they have a question about an assignment.
sometimes mine is ridiculous!
the author creates the mood as happy and gratefulness.
to look at and use, would not happen because a person or a small group of people consider it offensive.
in the essay do not exceed speed limit, the features of the setting affected the cyclist in a few ways.
lastly, the computer is the famous way of communicating around the globe.
he escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party.
all of the thing we could learn from them though help in the argument of that.
i hope i pass my driving test the first time just like i did the learners permit test.
if they decide to take books off the shelves, why not just have an adult section in the library?
if everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social.
that was proven in a say a by , head of human reactions.
with books in a library with pictures of men and women questions like that do get asked to young.
secondly, computers are informational.
i think not.
there were vivid flashes of lightning.
eat good plain natural food and drink a lot of clean water.
that is why is bad to use a computer a lot i hope u understand.
the electricity that runs computers of this radiation.
however, the one thing that acts as an escape for them, is their gardening.
any of the things that they read in a magazine or see in a movie are things that they could easily look up on the internet.
does that make sense?
she said that just looking at the screen and she wanted to go helped a lot.
every student gets a take home project at social point in the time of running out to the store to buy paper and pencils.
libraries should be filled with all sorts of subjects appealing to everyone.
most kids in the are a member of a social network like or .
, one of my neighbors.
dear , people acknowledge the great advances that computers give us, but they also put us at disadvantages.
he is a dehydrated and tired that he could see a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice in his mouth.
take away from your computer and go outside.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
some things just need to be left in the past and kept there.
, computers were invented they have grown so much, which make a lot people use them more.
kids in spent an average of hours on the computer each day, while kids spend hours each day.
computers are real useful.
the mood is very warm and welcoming.
truth is knowledge and knowledge is truth.
if i want to ever talk with my brother, it is great like he is in my home again.
well, demand that all music and videos with content not generalized for children be removed from the libraries.
maybe the people are relieved and interested, knowing they are free now.
it is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that.
thus, an author that has practiced and perfected his writing skill does so in hopes of publishing his work.
dear newspaper, you know, the majority of people now posses computers.
books being taken off shelves could turn into all books being taken off shelves which means no education or learning.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
technology is advancing and were going to have to use a computer sooner or later.
there are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer.
the mood that the created in the memoir is .
she was really sad she failed.
i myself would not.
people like playing video games or be on websites that they like.
i do believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online.
he had no negative comment about his parents or the way he grew up.
first many people, actually of the worlds population are generally stationary, and line in a local town or city environments.
today there are books on almost any topic anybody could dream of.
those are some examples on how they create the mood.
i talked to my mom and she said.
now he is a fashion designer.
i do not question whether children and teens should read, but rather what they read.
most of your day should not be on the computer.
finally, computers are used when manufacturing a product in or at a business.
well if you have a computer around, there are endless things to keep you busy.
i do not believe that the books, music, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelves completely.
i believe that computers can ruin your life, and make you go blind.
i hope i made you all realize what a computer is really for.
there is no rule that says you have to get a certain kind of music.
firstly, computers help teach hand eye coordination.
that can turn out very bad.
they can go sit on their porch to wait for their kids to get off the bus from school.
this way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the .
people can learn more and more information and personally advance in intelligence.
if everything was censored we would really have nothing to read or to watch.
if the book contains racial slurs to different races then yes they need to removed asap.
the character was using profanity and talking about sex the whole time.
my second reason would be that computers are useful in studies.
they be helpful but more hazardous.
in this argument, parents do not like the fact that their kids have resources to uncensored content.
both teachers and students have benefited.
lets face it, computers are faster then us; way faster.
nearly every person has seen, heard, wrote, or said something that offended someone.
i hope that my reasoning helps you understand my point of view.
it could always be much worse than what it is.
then she enquired about the reason.
would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish?
secondly, you can communicate with others from around the word or just your friends.
computers also help students and adults talk to people.
that statement tells me that the author feels well he is inside his home or inside a home with his family members.
this goes with reading as well.
i am for computers because you can talk to friends online, learn stuff and play video games.
if they took them away not only will people files fall but everyone will be disorganized in the bong run.
i am a large fan of books over the two that took place.
they can help you learn, let you talk with friends, or let you keep everything in one place.
took a poll about how many use the computer to do research and answered that they did.
what you do?
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is a positive effect.
just think of everything you are taking away from other people, do you really want to be that heartless?
i felt awful for .
lastly computer help people all around the world learn about almost anything.
we enjoyed every single minute we spent.
the computer in my thought helps you learn about new technology stuff such as new games to help you learn or new websites.
gently, she closed her palm around it and held it tight.
for example, one day my mom and dad got into a series of arguments.
another reason why not to remove the reading materials is because it make other reads feel like they are not alone.
so i took my time and typed it out one letter at a time, and it was correct!
if you did then your thinking about the positive side and not the negative.
i use the computer for mostly everything i do.
this can also affect the way people lively.
but you cant get rid of the things you dislike in the world
grownups working, .
also, she tells her mother that the hibiscus she bought is not a real one and she also says its not like the kind we had before.
the reason why i say is because at that age you should know whats right or wrong and you can handle it if is wrong.
as you can see, nature is much more beautiful than hundreds of tiny tots of colors forming an image of nature.
a child on the computer is wasting time not being active.
another major thing is that software comes out for the computer almost everyday, allowing many things to be done by users.
people should have the choice to read or watch whatever they want to.
be like me and get rid of your computer.
the flowers bloom in the spring bringing new life.
for example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information.
most of that time can be used to exercise.
gives people more information coming from more people.
i visit the library every time after i finish my book, i have loved reading from the time i was little.
so i am here today to tell you all about them things.
some drivers do not obey the traffic rules.
do you want to be responsible for not doing anything to help?
the people who loved the series would now find the books the other person likes and censor them.
plus you can print thing out on a computer with a book you have to copy important down.
people have a right to unmolested knowledge and censoring libraries is a direct violation of that right.
if you are mature enough to understand that and over look something that offend you, you would not be so offended.
many references to home was made throughout the piece because home is a place of comfort and happiness.
so even toward all these negative affects he still managed to come to positive.
overall, censoring libraries ends up being more pain than it worth.
she was really upset.
he looks around and finds a movie one of his friends recommended to watch.
both the rich and poor students live in hostels.
when your on your computer you can not go on an hike in the woods.
there are more bad things in them then in books or music.
it symbolizes hope.
hes tired and has a long way to go.
he would play all different kinds of sports with his neighbor.
computers are a very important part of my life.
our country has gotten smarter because of computers.
things today are way different.
the whole second paragraph is wonderfully written it makes me feel like i honestly was the experiencing his home & the love & kindness of his home.
they can even monitor what your typing, which could be passwords!
another horrifying conclusion that the computer does to us is rip apart us from our loved ones.
so we need to act now limit compute usage!
the books that they would get rid of would be because of the children.
one person can slowly make a difference, person by person; that is exactly what this family did.
everybody is overworked.
dear : i am and i have heard there has been a discussion about different things in libraries.
a computer can store what you learn too.
i believe that the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the paragraph helps bring to story to a closing.
for example, things they are interested to read.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
also, they will feel really upset and sometimes can get mad for that.
but on one afternoon, something felt wrong.
computers gradually advance communication more and more everyday.
when colour enlivens our environment, depression drifts away.
you can clearly see its wonder, but can you feel it?
everyone is different, everyone has their own story, just like these books do.
my parents also notice that me and my brother are grumpy after playing on the computer for so long.
without those things in our life i really can see this world falling apart.
temperature, terrain, directions all gave the cyclist doubt.
computers are only the start of it all!
they should only have books they want to have.
school sites are available for students of some studying or help.
what if that certain library had no restrictions on who checked out what?
the author of the memoir creates a very loving, peaceful, and happy mood in the story.
in the memoir the mood that the author created is the memoir can be in two ways.
this answers the question because it shows how the setting leads to his feeling of hopelessness.
a library wont immediately buy new books about it.
books such as ' ' is a book i had read and it was very out there and straight forward.
the last paragraph leaves a definite ending so the reader knows exactly what is going to happen in the future.
the sun and the terrain can affect the cyclist very much when out on a hot day in the summer.
one way is to get the local libraries to participate in putting restrictions on the cards of young children.
offensive language be present in the books and now the young person will see them and try to use the words or phrases.
being social is an important quality in life.
the first reason is that what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
taking some books off a shelf, or taking profanities out of a song will not hurt a child or teenager one bit.
he does not waste and electricity.
discusses how his family was always growing.
there is another reason why people go to the library.
it is also to teach the reader to have hope and patience and the knowledge that things take time.
people need to communicate through computer a lot.
therefore he was in trouble.
there is a lot of bad music.
the firemen in the novel destroyed any bits of type because it was false and went against the government.
if you have a favorite book, movie, or song then would you want it to be gotten rid of based on someones opinion?
now a days people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people.
if computers did everything for us would be mindless slugs quick.
at the first town he noticed a water pump, but all he could get of it was sludge and water that tasted like battery acid.
i do agree that books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves.
from this you can tell that the author ends the story with this statement.
it is really all up to the person, they could either make the right choice or the wrong choice.
what if they wanted to do that to you if you wrote maybe some bad stuff in a little writing.
computer are a direct cause to child obesity, and they are a threat to society.
inside there were pictures revealed that my mother was not to happy about my brother seeing.
since people are on the computer so much they miss out an parties and social events.
some people enjoy reading or watching things that are offensive.
lastly, you are able to talk to people from faraway, i think computers are a positive thing.
this affects his mood to pity for himself and anger at the men who put him into the predicament.
to the story and goo continue ties reads.
i believe the author adds this passage to the story to represent determination and .
typing homework is an easy alternative to handing in messy, unsophisticated work.
materials are made for a reason.
, the people agree with what stated.
i understand that books and other material offend certain people, but it might not offend others.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
so, as you can see those are the moods i think the author created in the memoir.
they immigrated to to give their children a better life.
people have not realized the need to exercise more often.
they allow people to pay taxes online and type papers.
we saw kangaroos, elephants, stags, deer and ‘neelgai’ etc.
before computers, so many things we do now would seem impossible.
after i wake up, i wish my parents.
knowledge is gained by asking, searching and learning.
when the cyclist finds the bait shop he has almost lost all hope.
how unhealthy it is, to many people.
helping people is very important in this day an age.
ho chose to end the story this way because the story represents the guest for adaptation.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
there are scary books like ' .'
i doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise.
there are so many websites that let you pick games you want to play out of a huge selection.
from reading the the text on can see how features can have effects on a person.
i would still be that ignorant little child thinking that life ends in a happily ever after.
and how can we know good from bad if we never have seen bad.
computers can help you keep in touch with them!
states that everywhere you go people are going to disagree and agree on things but not everyone will believe in the same thing.
i had to go see a shrink to get over those thoughts.
first, there was the fact of time.
ears and two beads for his eyes.
the author takes paragraphs and to fully explain his gratitude to his parents.
when they were done the girl tried to walk home, and she was never seen again.
this is why communication having a positive affect on people is the most important reason.
plus, if you miss certain shows, or want to watch music videos, there are websites for that.
it can be offensive.
lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it.
he never used a computer.
not two miles into the next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing, reveals the cyclist.
i think the use of computers in our town are very good for society.
as technology advances so does our skills.
this needs to change.
to the main character, friendships and home is very important to him.
one of the most loyal customers to the library are children and their parents.
as you can see computers are only going to get better.
advancement is centered around computers.
another example was when my friend wanted to learn about his culture and where his ancestors came from.
everyone on in and have a time.
magazines can put false information out so people will believe it.
especially on a hot summer day.
in my opinion many people are just following a trend.
people naturally type about thirty words a minute.
although not always real, it touches people on an emotional level.
they always had more then people at the dinner table and always more then people staying at their house.
those are my three reasons.
another reason is that his friends and family is all he got.
i really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
they are also used for several different things like downloading music on your .
dear local newspaper, your computer daily can be a waste of your life.
computers are easy to access, and you interact with loved ones, friends, or new people.
their are others that are very religious and if they come across something that is wrong about their religion the will be very offended.
next is talk about being born in a simple house and that way mood there to.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
you would want the best for you child to not see, read, watch, and listen to things that are inappropriate.
everyone in life needs to be determined.
not only are they helpful, but they are necessary and i hope your agree with me.
so for now, i stand by the opinion that computers are great, and extremely useful to everyone.
everyone has an opinion, and if we took out everything in this world that could offend someone we would be left with nothing.
you name it; they got it.
the are thousands of games to chose from.
third, it can help with school and work.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
firstly, they would check out sites to go to in .
it also has .
they contain vitamins, minerals, and fibers which give us the energy to work.
in our home country of the we are promised many rights to protect our freedom as citizens.
the author sets a calm, kind and gentle mood by talking about family and friends.
there are a lot of websites and organizations that say what they personally think is offensive and what is not.
any child or young adult could go into the movie section and get any type of movie even if it is rated restricted.
they allow you to see places.
to remain young in spirit, isolate yourself completely and meditate.
history has never been in the control of man.
i believe the mood is one of gratitude, gratitude of how his parents struggled to raise him right and well.
on monday i had two papers-english and mathematics.
i think that the author includes this to say that when the spring comes, she will have many more reasons to take the driving test.
these machines get our messages and vices to people who can be all the way across the world in just a few seconds.
we have a great number of other things you can pick from
studies show that ninety percent of that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none.
but when it does come to the pornography that should not be exposed in a public place such as a library.
it is better and faster than using the phone to talk to them.
do you man out of people have .
money he earned he bought books and learned to read and write.
the author has left her home and moved to another country.
in the morning, the air is cool and very fresh.
a kid should not be able to get his hands on that kind of stuff in a public library.
my second reason is if you have a computer you can look up questions that you would have.
in this show there is warning label stating only be seen to children and older.
now you are being asked to spread the word about how great computers are and how vital they are to ensuring a better future.
to make a better country and nation, the people of the should make an effort to reduce computer use.
she is determined to pass the test.
sometimes we use books, but the way most people use is online researching.
he is a gentle horse and children love to ride him.
he then goes to the computer lab and finds it on like that!
others are about subjects that we hate or that just plain bore us.
i do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life.
it was a very good story.
so, say you stumbled across a book about the in the library and you are a person from negro descent.
for me, censorship could go both ways.
machines are a very bad influence on people.
although some computers be fairly easy to use companies are constantly trying to increase the difficulty of computers.
the hibiscus plant in her mind is a symbol of home and happy memories with her grandmother.
with magazines and music, it depends on the subject matter of those as well.
everyone knows computers addictive.
the authors main point is to thank their parents for everything they have done.
computers are changing the world throughout everywhere.
the library is a place for people to go and read whatever they want.
lastly, emailing is a great way to inform people.
i know it will surprise you when i tell you that the average person spends about ten hours on a computer a day!
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are giving bad effects on peoples lives.
this is true that you could use the phone and call them out you have to pay for long distance.
it has allot of cussing in it and talking about sex.
rated is want they our now letting children watch ,and buy .
i believe that it is the job of parents and other adults to teach a child morals and what is right and wrong.
overall the story had a happy mood to it showing love, kindness, and what a family should be like
i think that using computer is fine.
many products are sold through the computer.
after all is said and done, offensive material should be removed from libraries.
there is no way to see this, but one thing you enjoy maybe be offensive to others.
we went online to find things like.
i would not like any books removed from libraries.
has lots of fun games you can play.
dear local newspaper, i am here today to state my reason why i am against usage of computers.
dear who ever this concern, i think that people spend way too much time on computers.
this letter will effect others so thanks for reading.
even if the others loved what they saw?
if you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool.
reading is a magical thing that should not be held back from adults who are prepared to experience it to its fullest.
so he ordered a program that teaches him how to speak while he is home.
dear , i computers is a new technology that keeps on getting better and better.
i am a citizen of the and i believe that the censorship on the material in libraries is not good but it could be better.
is happy his parents moved to and is grateful of the sacrifices they had to make do do it.
soon there is great rush at the taps.
also they made him a home.
third of all, if you can chat online with your friends or family!
if everyone found it offensive, no one would buy or read it, and because of that, it would no longer be produced.
i would say we spend more time interacting with our buddies and close ones online then we do in public.
they would rather just sit down, crack open a magazine, and let their eyes glaze over at the sights of celebrities and new scandals.
i could drop from a heatstroke, he says.
but once you find it, you would need to check the copyright.
it teaches, at least it taught me, that if you can dream something then you can do it.
a second reason is that computers just keep taking money out of your pocket.
i love the libraries nothing will ever stop me from going.
being outside and enjoying yourself is a big thing for your body to survive.
loving place that holds so many memories.
i know the answer to that question.
one snows day in , i was assigned a research paper on .
it can also show us the lives about people from the past.
the new terrain made him has to push himself harder and lose energy quicker.
computers are dangerous devices, and are targeting young, wholesome kids.
in the story it say when he was riding that he barely noticed that the sun was starting to beat down.
every individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting subjects.
the main reason children become fat on the computer is because it is easier to just go on the computer than to walk and exert energy.
in conclusion authors end stories with a paragraph like this to help show the changes that could happen in the future.
my whole point of explaining this is that its the peoples choice they would like to be on all the time.
dear : you recently posed a question in you newspaper.
you can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country.
children need computer to make there intelligence go up higher.
for what i am doing right now is learning to type faster and faster.
i understand the computers lots of fun.
some peoples views on that is totally different, but hey.
they girls end up being underweight, sick, and maybe do drugs.
another is that it lets people stay in touch with family and friends around the globe.
thank you for your time.
there are many different things in the media that is shown everyday that is very offensive.
families separated by thousands of miles now have the ability to email, chat or even video chat with far away relatives and friends.
think what you will but this is my opinion of library censorship, hopefully its yours now too.
the sea is full of many forms of life, minerals, and salts.
parents of the children that have computers should be more worried than anyone else and if they are , they should just take the computer away.
some people even must pay for rehab.
so now lets see what you think.
his mother and father had come to this country with such courage without any knowledge or the culture.
technology, such as computers are very big.
she took me in her arms and held me tight.
would you rather live to or live to .
children are curious little beings.
being , i just had to know.
the things you can do like play games.
this country has the freedom of speech where we can say anything we want.
i think that computers are very helpful.
the libraries have bigger issues to worry about then your personal taste of music.
i understand that some people do not enjoy electronics but it is up to you to set them straight!
also, your hand movement will get better.
i know i did!
i know not a book, but to the computer.
i was isolated and was desperately trying to find someone to be my friend.
some songs have a bad influence on children whether it has to do with violence or cussing, certain songs like that still give kids the wrong message.
there are brown patches on its body.
there is more foul language in music as it progresses.
computers are essential to people all around the world.
health is a big issue when it comes to computers.
the second bad things is viruses.
some movies that i have watched are not very well either.
they probably rather hear wire then.
i would choose the one for computers.
you can go on the internet and look up directions.
these horrible happenings offend some but they cannot be erased from the past.
when you go on the computer, you learn that skill.
if we need to know about slaves or slavery, we can go to our library.
ghost towns come across very old, run down and dull.
many people are able to work from home with computers, which is just another reason why computers are helpful to all citizens the world.
no, i do not agree with taking them off the shelves because people could easily over look them and not read them.
i believe that the library was a right to keep whatever they want on the shelves.
first of all, computers help us stay in contact with the other countries around the world.
the issue is how the parents raised them to embrace knowledge that they see.
not having these computers would mean certain death for some people in the armed forces.
different parts of the world experience different seasons at different times of the year.
there are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens.
i believe they should have a word in whether or not the book belongs on the shelf or not.
the most apparent is musical instruments.
was happy for the simple house they had and was grateful.
the area that i would be most concerned with would be the young adult section.
in conclusion, i think using the internet is very good and will not effect your exercise, or interacting with family.
reading in itself is a great pleasure.
as a high school student i would research the topic about offensive material.
what some people do not understand is that reading those things are a part of life.
no responsible parent would be caught dead with a year old on an adult website and computers make it harder such parents to do so.
they can be good, but too much is a bad thing.
why should the views of some hinder all others?
how can one person, or a group of people decide what is acceptable and what is not?
more and more people are becoming obese.
dear , in opinion, computers are fantastic!
computers allow people online.
they always had each others backs and had many celebrations.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
to me, i feel that they teach me some lessons, but, it also depends on what type of movie it is.
you can go swimming or even have a picnic in your local park.
() , things start to change hits changing terrain.
one reason i support computers is because they help with writing.
i will be out of shape and weaker once my match or next game come along.
not every single child in is going to be protected from bad materials.
censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research.
the example tells how she feels down about failing the test.
dear newspaper readers, computers have really change the way people use technology.
computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures.
we could not do anything without our dear mother.
any book store you walk into, you can find a bible or a book on atheism or even ',' which focuses on .
they get the cramps form typing to fast, hard and too long.
my final reason that computers hurt us more than they help is addiction.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
technology is not our enemy.
freedom of religion includes how we interpret and study our religions.
if there is a child in the house they might have to search something up on the internet for school.
having computer allows that family to chat an easy way to keep in contact talk with each other.
each of those people has a different belief.
to retain knowledge about other cultures, places, people and miscellaneous things makes to amazing thanks to the computer we have for this information besides books.
do you have any better ideas?
the point of a library is to carry items which will benefit the public.
i understand why he used the word, it was a common word in his time.
i think the author wanted to show that through the events in the story, she was able to overcome her feelings about a new home.
the extreme measures of the setting caused the cyclist to lose control, putting stones in the mouth to stop thinking of his thirst.
websites such as and are also causes of this.
i think computers are good though.
talking to real people is important, but cant be done all the time!
why not ride your bike to the library and get a book on the country.
have you ever came across a vulgar or offensive book in your library and hoped that no children had ever read it?
here are some points to consider.
if you really tried, in every book you could find something offensive.
all these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers.
i will get the music and movies i enjoy and find age appropriate.
i remember the time i was having trouble in math, so my teacher gave me this website called a .
if we do not have the knowledge we can take guidance from experienced persons in business.
dear local newspaper, computers are effecting more and more people in the society instead of helping.
this affected the cyclist because he was starting to feel dehydrated and thought he was going to die.
people should be able to read and listen to stuff without being offended by it.
now make it.
if you walk into a store or video store there are so many different things that children are exposed to.
falsehood leads to evil.
at some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games.
she had a website named to learn.
he knew he was in the desert without water the setting makes him nervous because he was in a desert.
computers of course!
listening to music on the the computer or by a device should require a couple of things as well.
he said they showed him their lives and those teachings have been the basis of his life.
also, having a nice family time is a good way to help be with your family.
girls believe that everything about a princess is perfect and flawless and to be a princess they also have to be flawless.
i do not enjoy books that do not have drugs, alcohol, family stress, war stories or even some sexuality mainly because books without that are boring.
censorship in movies is also growing.
when that happened, stopped using the computer and went back to basketball.
what society needs.
out come the sun shades, umbrellas and cotton clothes.
i also think that the materials on that shelf is allowed to be removed as long as those materials get put back in that spot no matter what.
they also allow you to talk to people, even if they are far away.
lastly, you can use computer to find out about world news.
the author has the right to what they wrote and should have the opportunity to have their work acknowledged.
so how you feel if your favorite book was gone from all libraries?
getting rid of that is just another loss of information.
restless people can be seen standing helplessly in queues for long hours.
in some schools, they have really big books for different classes that they need to bring home.
i have to disagree.
take the books that contain offensive material, or be inappropriate for those younger than adults and place them in their own divided section in the library.
now i love my school.
as an , one has the freedom of speech, and this applies to media as well.
i hope that everything i have fare travel can serve a purpose to someone who has not been able to find way benefits to technological advances.
that is the mood of the memoir throughout the whole passage.
that way, a person could go to a specific section and know what to expect from there.
i think that computers are great.
watching your teacher teach, to you through a webcam.
i wanted to be brave and be strong.
some come to get away, and to others its a daily routine.
but this is just one of the many uses a computer has.
dear , a computer is a benefit.
he plays cricket with his friends in the evening.
so should offensive materials be removed from the shelves?
teacher also can allow students to research for projects online and participate in online educational activities.
i'v seen books that have no meaning at all that should be in are libraries.
yes they should.
say thank god for dead soldiers and god hates the army.
i surveyed kids and said that computers are there main source of communication.
this shows that they show affection for one another and that everyone is the same.
they feel that it is sending a bad message to children and teaching them horrible things to do and say.
computers help everyone, and make life easier!
the road had been abandoned along with the town he had passed through, hoping to get water.
it was a sunday evening.
i think there should be censorship in libraries.
i do not think that there is a need to remove offensive materials from libraries.
one way it affected him is the towns were old and deserted.
but technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
without computers everything would be so much harder.
the first reason that their should be no censorship of novels and works of literature is because writers deserve the freedoms of speech and press.
the flower was creatively used by ho.
like everything is going to be alright.
no matter who you are, you probably have some favorite band, music artist, or genre of music that you prefer.
the hilly, rough terrain also calls for hard, tough peddling, sopping even more energy.
this could be a major problem if people are allowed to say what is too obscene to be put in a library.
in addition to him giving us reasons to believe he is thankful, he tells us in his memoir that he constantly thanks his parents.
children will soon learn of the harsh conditions and the reason why things happen.
these brilliant inventions also helps us learn a bout different places and people.
the rolling hills make him tired and weak along with the rough terrain.
the cyclist blame the old men for giving him directions that wasted his energy.
another example is he was deserted.
as you can see there reasons why i am concerned about people spending time on the computer.
movies rated above the level are most of the time not held in libraries.
people that estimate the cost of a building need it for adding something or keeping a record.
there are many different kinds of books in the library.
they have already caused exponential advancement.
people of all ages look through the library to find books or music or magazines.
that smoky blues tune summer time rattled around in the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain.
this is an easy way to communicate with someone who lives half way around the world well.
a third reason why i think computers are having a negative effect on people is because they are distracting and they waste time.
many people complain to the when they come in the libraries.
if every library took off the books each person complained about what the point in having the library?
recently i was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for a process that would take a human weeks.
it is understandable if one person does not agree with the material being placed into these books, but why should they ruin the entertainment for everyone else?
i say that because the people who are mostly on the computers only know about things when it is on the computer.
these are three huge advantages than using computers give people.
a great example of a media material that is challenged every day in every part of the world is a book called the bible.
my opinion on the effects computer have on people.
whether you like playing computer games or even if shopping for the best deal is you game; a computer will suit you.
she means she will not have her head down and be grateful of her new home and it with time.
then your friend said playing games.
outside the airport, there were cars and taxis.
before this terrain change the rider is very positive and thinks he can do this easily.
i rode in the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
the future setting of the paragraph, spring, symbolizes rebirth & another start from the cold, hard winter.
my son said.
everyone likes to watch movies, jam to some music, and get lost in an interesting book.
they also give people facts about faraway places.
instead they are sitting chair starring at a computer screen.
you should not interacted with friends on the internet for that reason.
somethings you just have to let go and roll off your body.
if they cannot get what they need at the library where would they go?
you can even chat online with friends or maybe find long lost friends.
he also orders his flight tickets in his computer, to go to .
lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying.
google is the number one searching website we have.
i would well-equip the laboratories.
when they pay the same taxes everyone does to have those books and movies on the libraries shelves.
which makes it bad because of the heat makes it harder on the cyclist.
lastly, is energy.
in removing a book from a shelf we would be eliminating a piece or even life long lessons that are difficult to teach without experiencing them yourself.
the author discussed the positives in his life.
basically it is somewhat.
the author lived in a neighborhood with many different cultures, but they put their backgrounds aside and were able to great friends.
books for a more mature mind should be monitored and placed upon a shelf out of reach from a child who can not yet handle that topic.
as you reading you will find out my second reason fro being to much in the computer.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the more he works, the more he sweats and therefore he needs fluids to do so.
what have you been taught?
are you going to read about how people of your religion and maybe even your family were tortured?
well i have some people spend to much time on their computer completely choice.
most parents find it offensive that book stores or other places sell these type of books to their children.
censorship is not necessary because people know what they are interested in without anyone helping them find what they are looking for.
culture would slowly wither and die, and our lives would become drab and essentially useless, for lack of a better term.
to begin with, computers can be a issue for people.
while they where all hopped up on , , and , they brought to life the new and .
would you be offended by seeing something like that?
once again, this is another reason i think offensive, distracting, and inappropriate material should be moved to its own area of the .
computers are every where in a schools, homes band business across a .
computers can be both good and bad.
no because all people like to read different books.
so i think that it is a wast of paper.
you can chat with almost anyone on the internet.
though books this material can be called offensive, to certain people this is there culture and how they live.
and about music?
dear newspaper, your life without computers.
he was the first president of the .
this affected him because he got to a secure place and got proper directions and will learn from his mistake of listening to the older men at the beginning.
this man was not a good swimmer but he had decided to swim.
the mood makes me think of the color yellow, and of the sun, happiness and warmth.
many of times right, that can be accidental or on purpose.
one way the setting affected the cyclist way when it got hot and the rider was running out of water.
i think that its cool that you are playing the exact game with another.
and the main character, who is a cyclist and is doing a lot of physical activity, is a going to sweat a lots.
computers make life easier in general and can help with all life throws at you.
why should libraries stop the people that made those things from making money?
dear local newspaper, technology is really a fascinating thing in life is it?
one reason is that the heat of the setting caused the author become dehydrated.
but do all these & exercise plans really work?
i also said rough terrain because he could fall and get hurt with no one around to help.
just because one might not believe in what a story says, it does not mean that the piece of literature should be forbidden.
reading a book about it will not change the fact that they are still learning about it in many other ways.
however, his excitement soon turned into dismay and slight doubt as his journey drags on.
the last paragraph said in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
none like to be a loner.
do you want to use the computer while your their?
another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even the world.
there fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people.
some people do not believe that there is a god or a heaven, but a lot of other people do believe in it.
that is the mood instilled in this memoir about family and love.
these are all ways that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
so people think that compute is fun for them.
the computer is like a cause and effect.
how far is to far?
adults should be able to watch all movies.
the use social networks allows kids to put all their information there, for anyone to see.
i think they are a great addition to society though.
like the geese.
this is the question one has to ask themselves, to keep the government from potentially cutting the nation off from future masterpieces.
most people who find things offensive in a library are always looking at the bad side of the situation.
my people and i went to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed people each.
people and politicians try to cash on the sufferings of people.
was not afraid to displease the .
some policeman is trained to control the traffic.
the setting of the next land mark was similar to the last.
there are many electronics that effect people.
of kids are overweight and that is unhealthy.
a computer is more educational than what most people would think.
we have all read something that we did not necessarily want to finish or that we wish we had not read.
you even forget the people you know even where you live if you spend to much time on the computer.
bad things will always be put in front of you as an obstacle to make the right choice.
for an example, one day i was told do a project on teen mothers.
they even contact them by chatting threw websites.
if i said that computers are destroying your lives?
this is why chatting is the best setting.
there are so many wonderful and inspiring books and movies out there and there is always going to be someone who does not like at least one of them.
but, the material of some books have gotten to be where every other word is a curse word.
censorship would just make it harder for adults to find some books that they would want to read.
this is usually where people will claim that the law protects their freedom of speech.
can be labeled as wasteful or dangerous.
who wants to sit and read about other stuff that is just down right boring?
it is also used to run trains from one place to the other.
if everyone can help out in the effort to make our libraries and school more censored than all the libraries would be a lot happier places full of adventure
and there are tons of more things you can do.
once your power goes out you have noting to do because you got fired all because of you computer.
not many succeed with this goal, which brings up another negative effect to the body.
we should not have this right because it would not be fair to any one.
and, in some cases it can cause depression.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
when the other old guy was about to tell him whereto go he said no.
however, i disagree with that.
for example, the earthquake in which.
least death on my team that game!
if your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it.
we should respect him for his hard labour.
maybe a library will come across my article and do what i have said.
internet usage needs to be cut down to sites.
off people exercising out with time in the computer which is unbelievable and terrible.
i believe having a limit each day on your computer might help solve these problems.
there are many reasons that book could be in the library.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
also your planing a vacation the internet can help.
there are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more.
the mood created by the is friendship and love.
something it becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives in walking distance to one.
the sun had just set.
how does the computer effect people?
so now students are pushed to use the web at home and at school.
if this literature was taken out, children think that things have always been the way they are as they see it.
one the way to the park the cyclist came across a big snake that covered the road which greatly frightened the biker.
to stop yet another generation from messing up their lives taking the materials off is the best solution.
removing music from libraries is difficult for me to even begin to try and accept.
this show can be offensive to everyone, but yet we still see it.
it would be a lot easier than driving over to the persons house then driving driving all the way back.
without the computers people would be lost not knowing what to do.
this sudden change in terrain caused him to get more tired, thirsty, and hot.
they might be paying a bill by the computer.
lets get onto first point, being social.
they help us in a lot of way and they also help us find new friends and new updates.
studies show that reading will make you much smarter and able to understand and comprehend well.
does that mean that the book should be taken off the shelf because will not read it.
another thing that computers is very useful for is helping kids with homework and school work.
having books taken off the shelf because people do not like them would result in having no more books on our shelves.
which side would you choose?
i feel bad because i let something so little mess up my life.
my computer helps me.
it is possible that they even might not care.
but everything was in a real mess.
many children get their acts from books, movies, and magazines but most get their acts from something different.
that is why the author ends this story the way they did.
it revolutionized both gaming and the way people look at gaming.
they need to remove all offensive and uncensored content from their shelves for the children.
the unity that the neighborhood has formed.
libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers' for their library are students.
they are reasons why i think the author put that conclude with the paragraph.
also it would be the best choice.
my hobby has changed my life.
they re informational.
of parents who took a poll in say they want their children to learn about different cultures.
if you want things that are more intense or out there, then you can go to a bookstore, instead of a public library.
but some children can take some of this stuff the wrong way when they are reading a mature type book.
if the road is filled with hills getting up those hills is difficult.
people think they are private, but everything that is uploaded or posted is public.
have you ever heard of computer camps.
kids find these books, movies and magazines interesting because many things that happen in the world today happen inside those books.
i know many people who spend and budget their time wisely and still have a great time.
what if i told you allowed students to do better in ?
if the books were meant to be read that way, then so be it.
this skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field.
in there neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of the cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
the computer can also send emails to friends and family so you can say hello every once in a while.
people like to listen to music on their or while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it.
i believe that they should leave leave them on the shelves.
men, women, and children were hurrying home.
well that problem can be solved very simply, get on a computer.
when i was a young girl in elementary school, i remember doing a whole unit on slavery and the underground railroad.
we learn from seeing what you guys do.
it allows you to do simple or complex math in just less than seconds.
such as slavery, the taking over the , and a lot of our world history.
they can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them.
lastly, the buildings were what made him want to give up.
the class teacher was a kind lady.
and with the geese flying away for the winter and coming back in the spring signifies a fresh new start at success.
however, from the examples explained in this paper, i have shown that the increases conversation and curiosity of how the world looks and operates.
the people who find it offensive have the right to not look at it.
a lot of teenagers and adults have because it gets.
yes, some people do waste all their time, online but they have issues.
therefore censoring books is wrong because it goes against freedom of speech.
adults would most likely be playing a rated game, and watching rated movies.
they are used for carrying loads.
our parents work hard to give us the best.
virtual sports be fun, but they keep you from the real ones.
when you go on the internet you can learn about cool places and plan vacations.
to take one book away is to take all of them away.
the cyclist went in and got water, and the old man asked him if he wanted to know where to go, but this time he said no.
we would get information from the books but not as much as we would get from the computer.
google something like trees.
you should have an idea of what your picking up.
opinion is that once a person is an adult, they have the common sense and maturity to whatever they choose.
the climate in this story was very hot and dry, and the terrain was full of hills, so altogether, that would make one bad bike ride.
once discovered he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge the government tries so hard to keep from the public.
with computers, you can search all the latest stories and find things cut when you want to know them.
first, people spend less time exercising.
the mood the author created in the memoir is very significant.
difference in opinion can be a big problem for some libraries if patrons do not like the message a book sends.
maybe if she met him she would have gotten very hurt and be scared of that memory for the rest of her life.
and they should be going outside end running around.
its good to go on the computer for a little a bit but your on it all day then you could have no exercise and become lazy and fat.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him tiered, scared, thirsty and cause him to worry.
the cyclist in, do not exceed posted speed limit, was affected greatly by the features of the setting.
the cyclist said they saw a ghost town.
the setting affects the cyclist by it being so hot, him not having anything to drink, nowhere to get water or food and him maybe seeing mirages.
they have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much.
when students sit down to type their papers they also, many times, have another at the same time.
after one hill the cyclist sees a building.
this shows that even large important still use it for work.
think about it.
the land around the cyclist not only victimized his heath but also caused a poor way to spend a vacation.
some say kids are like sponges.
i believe that this is one main reasons of obesity.
how could they!?
with a computer you can even get your house hold groceries online.
the story i just read was inspiring.
some find them more offensive than others.
all information is helpful in some way.
i think she is looking to start over and forget about failing.
another feature was the road sign that said do not exceed posted speed limit the speed limit was .
the libraries is a public place that everyone has the right to go and borrow stuff from.
so, these children start making actions and start behaving the same way the characters are in the book.
they help you write reports or reports in general for any subject.
do i think materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the book shelve if they found offensive?
these are all things people enjoy doing on a computer.
computers help us to learn in school and outside of it.
so the setting definitely had to have affected his confidence and his energy levels.
another reason offensive material should be removed from libraries is because the material is sometimes inappropriate for younger children.
if there was nothing out there that offended anyone, how would younger generations learn how to decided what is right and wrong?
computer benefit society greatly.
the cyclist is relieved by the water from the sink.
because the setting was a hot, deserted, desert it had a very negative effect on the cyclist.
when your on a computer, there is so much to do, so much you can get out of it.
he also mentions that the sight was troubling which shows how big of an affect the features around him or scenery can have.
he mentions the fact that his parents always helped friends and family in need and how selfless they were towards other people.
the author created several different moods in this memoir.
if the cause is if its offensive then all books should be gone.
but now more and more people think its a waste of time.
i think censorship in libraries is wrong.
well if you let me just sum it up for you.
before computers and calculating took more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error.
there is a reason it is in the library, and that reason is because some people enjoy it.
some they know in real life, or some they met online.
if so you must enjoy it.
i do not think that things should be sheltered from libraries because sometimes it can get a point across to some people.
dear newspaper, computers are not something to be afraid of.
soon the platform wears a deserted look.
with modern technology, the world is better connected and united.
when the, hibiscus is ), she will retake the test.
nobody should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that is your choice in life.
that is the whole point in reading is so you can learn.
i did all my research on the computer.
they said that they can interact with family members who live far away.
now a days many college students with work going on not have time to attend schools so with the help of a computer they can take online classes.
she has built a small nest on the roof outside my room.
researching for a class and making a project.
computers is the main invention that most likely everyone uses.
this is a movement that should change the opinion of many, do people spend to much time on computers?
all you want to do is keep going and hope you can find your way.
it has made it simpler to type reports.
scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place.
books are written by very wise, experienced and intelligent persons.
now with a computer they will have no issue doing that.
in hibiscus by , the author choose the last paragraph because it matched the tone, the hope and the representation of the essay.
the main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer.
they always had there door open for friend and family and most of there friend would go over every night.
dear local newspaper, you know how long you go on the computer for?
and third, we are losing the ability to communicate with the people around us.
the libraries should be more responsible with the content that they have on their shelves.
if not properly exposed to something, there is absolutely no way to be prepared to encounter it in the future.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist in many ways.
even later, the terrain changes and he sees a sign stating rough road ahead.
shows, movies,and music, they all have something not suitable for all audiences.
secondly, the trip was very long so the cyclist had a hard time conserving water.
a ship may sink, if the crack, once noted by the crew is not immediately plugged.
also, when the cyclist reaches the ramshackle , several rusty pumps, and a corral, he feels troubled.
we require water for different purposes.
in , this shows us that was very much appreciative of all that his parents had done for him.
we again got on the train.
computers are great for .
everyone has a right to read, listen, or watch what they want.
when i go onto the computer for only minutes my eyes start to water.
in conclusion, computers do help us from everyday use.
if i was an adult i would not want my child renting very graphic books, magazines, etc.
another second one is people maybe addicted.
with just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology.
i do believe however the reason why every book should be in a library is because all of them are different.
also the narrator compares her to the geese returning.
but should those materials be removed from the library?
the more we get lazy.
people used to wait that just standing there.
there are websites on the internet where the user just types the question in, and they get an answer.
of course sharing is better then wasting your money on something when someone has the book that you know and would let you barrow .
one affect was the uneven, bumpy roads he was trying to cycle on.
thirdly, gives online games to little kids.
most people use some kind of computer to talk, chat, and text.
that is another feature that will affect him.
so, the new beginning of spring will allow her to start all over again on the drivers test.
dear newspaper editor: are all living in the age of technology.
we ignore it and watch or read something that we do not find offensive.
final reason is online dating.
secondly, which everyone needs is another important thing to look into.
certain music that is on the shelves at a library does have the right to be there.
finally, spending too much time on the computer decrease the amount of time spent with friends and family.
many people around the world use solar panels to gain their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc.!
giving strangers you information they can trace you down and find the street you live on.
the answer should be simple.
i wanted to let you know that there have been some great and interesting books that i have read from the schools library and the public library as well.
the cyclist encouraged himself to keep going, just to find an open building.
each materials brings enjoyment to different people.
it is great for staying in the loop and reading about things you need to know.
on the computer what exercise benefits are you getting?
another reason computers not benefit society is because of the dangers of them.
in society people are going to talk, to write, to sing, to listen.
in the spring the hibiscus will be budding again.
this would inform the reader more on what he is about to engrossed in for the next week or so.
for all those lovers out there, the computer is an alternative.
libraries always have some type of organization.
he says how his parents left behind their friends, family and jobs in the hope that their children would have a better life.
each individual has their own opinion of each material.
example, my uncle lives in .
making friends online is the unsafe thing to do on a computer.
sometimes politics have a say in this.
thus, if he ever reaches the next town.
gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries.
you can use computers for exercise then it is also up to the on limits.
they are published in many languages.
one of the causes is the internet.
research, communication act.
the amazing and easy way to buy food without leaving your house.
reading it i felt that i was not harmed by the content and neither were any of my fellow classmates.
a friend of mine once said to me, that there were three ways we could absorb things that we find undesirable.
he was all ways thirsty and rode his bike along ways and is no paint in ???
then the next week or so i got an email from him and so now we can keep in touch with each other.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the experts when they say people are spending too much time on the computers.
the girl is upset that she failed the test but still has hope for what will happen next.
no it does not because it actually helps us.
they are the ones in charge of the kids.
this is just one example of how social networks are helpful.
you the, even uses computers to write your articles for the paper.
if they are taken out of libraries, this mature audience has nothing to watch or read in the library.
when it comes to censorship in libraries i feel that all the books should be left on the selves.
books might have something things that you find offensive but, if you like the book so much you might as well finish it.
not only relief for the world not ending but for the life of computers to be able to go on.
when will it stop?
my third reason is you can work on the computer.
mentally, she will be able to study and learn all she needs to know.
people view offensive writing and actions differently from one another.
just because someone else find those materials offensive is no reasons to take them off the shelf.
entertainment is dull, and it is hard to receive books for learning.
this shows or explains that the going could get a little tougher now because he will have to be riding up hills and he is almost out of water.
some libraries do not carry books because he uses curse words.
went from just living there to it being his home.
drinking and other evil habits.
more public places should start a system of them.
libraries can help us in many different ways.
that can be considered offensive to citizens.
so now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach.
your grade will plummet down you stay on the computer and they trick you.
being on the computer does no good for the body.
he stays with the nanny till my mother comes back home.
i think computers have great effects on people, like going online to do a research or talk to friends.
also, you can get a virus blocker that helps eliminate them.
the library is a place for all people no matter who you are, how old or ugly.
going to the library is one of the best ways to explore new things.
computer act like teachers teaching us without us even knowing it.
the sun was not starting to get him ??
as creepy as it sound.
the library staff should not be aloud to choose what books are aloud because if some one has a fine they get money.
sure some novels expose a few word of profanity or discrimination but everyone has to deal with it.
whenever i see them, i wish if i were a bird and i could also fly like them.
this feeling of graciousness tells about the love and sacrifice he feels his parents went through for him.
to sum up the full idea of this position; every person should be given the choice to read what he or she desires.
what one person might not like the next person might love.
workers use computers for designing, filing peoples names, and to type papers, and essays.
the can talk to other the world.
in the next paragraph i will talk about magazines.
so, let the word out that computers are bad for society, and try to make the world a better place to live.
books often allow students to think in different, new ways.
sure there are things in book, music, etc.
though it was an accident it still happened and it can be prevented and it should be prevented for the sake of the children.
this affects the cyclist to think about water and not bothering to think about where he is at he could be lost.
in the present circumstances, the future of postmen is not bright.
what ever you want you got it.
they go out and do it.
for example, movies can be a comedy, mystery, or adventure.
but you as parents should control what your kids are reading.
the features of the land around the cyclist caused him to confront nature.
this is taking a right away from us, and we should not have to go buy the book and only read it once.
they are the then now and later of the technical world.
then because of the old towns he went through he was unable to get water.
dear , i think computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons.
some people in this world would just take the matter too far and get offended by everything.
it gives her greater confidence within herself.
finally, computers benefit society have the ability to locate missing people.
in this sentence the author really conveys his of thanks of his parents to the reader as he praises them.
he was talking about how he needed to sip from his water more than normally.
for example same good exercise.
did you know that of homes in own at least one computer.
like unless it fell from a book case and was laying on the floor.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
kids think they are immune to getting in trouble while posting messages or putting up picture of themselves.
it got even worse when it froze up a week later.
said, ' who destroys a good book, kills reason itself.'
the movie industry, for example.
others are concerned that people spend too much time on them.
that example explains on how the wildlife might exceed to more dangerous creature.
you can have fun with your family by playing games.
another reason why computers are is because you can type essays & papers, , change you of computers are bad to computers make us !
the rate of people wearing glasses are increasing rapidly as well.
sex, drugs, cursing, etc.
the author is trying to get their message across about how much a family is bonded together and how much there is to be thankful for.
he returned to india and took part in the indian freedom movement.truth and non-violence were his great weapons.
computers have benefited society in many ways.
we could look up who was the of in the would get multiple sites on the .
games could possibly be very useful when you need to prepare yourself something.
others can get mad at a movie because discriminates races of other kinds.
there are also articles that everyone should read about, like somebody who saved a whole lot of people on .
if we allow books to begin to be removed from the shelves, we will not be able to stop it.
she buys a hibiscus and plants it when she comes home after noting the geese flying south for the winter.
the most important thing about the use of computers is your safety.
the world exposes certain literature to children, and then is shocked when they see children in jails, gangs, and other horrible situations.
the light coming on to your eyes is like staring at the sun but not quit as damaging.
i think the computer is a great of learning.
one girl sits by her computer doing homework.
what is the extent of reading that should be read by the public world?
the features of the setting that affect the cyclist are the lack of water, out of date information, and rolling hills.
if we all had the power to take videos we disliked off the site, there would be none left for us to watch.
big cabinets are kept all around the library.
in my opinion children should be able to read what ever they like and by doing that they can teach themselves many things.
family activities is a nice, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time.
taking a book out of a library because of offensive material is not right because books are important no matter what is inside of them.
staying up to late, like on a school day and your tired.
or your boss could tell you to find the amount of teen deaths in car accidents due to cellphones.
they are also very convenient and easy to use, in mu opinion.
or even teach them that those books are wrong.
and how i think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better.
the hibiscus is to symbolize her being strong and that she will make it through moving to just strange land.
books can teach us so much about the past, we can learn so many things from books then anywhere else in the world.
as children,they might get the wrong idea in their head and say things that are not right.
another reason is because of communication.
they were going to take to a party.
finally, she vows that she will take her drivers test again.
as an using as well in school.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is that computers have a good effect.
that mood is happy and friendly.
every book, music or movie will be offensive to some other person and if we take all the offensive stuff out there will be nothing left to read.
the statement is true, people that use the computer can talk with people online and get information quickly than the library.
none people would be inside on the computer.
of course you , everyone does.
some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends.
computers are a magnificent part society.
thanks for my reason about computer building skill, having info and fun.
for example i just want to ask young kids do they thank their parents everyday?
eventually he came to a fishing camp and found water in the sink of the bathroom.
we all get offended but just move on from it and find something different.
a perfect example is my brother.
created and controlled by the government surrounding him.
the three most important moods where grateful, loving, and happy.
local middle school teacher, , uses computers to teach her students about the culture and geography.
they go on , , and etc.
this quote shows that the narrator was disappointed with herself for not passing the test.
any of these things could happen to you so i advise you not to use a computer.
he thinks that some miracle will happen and he will become rich and prosperous.
music you love be offensive to me.
unlike books, which you must find and buy, there is an enormous amount of information just a mouse click away!
some students are so addicted to computers they never go outside!
in conclusion, i think that computers are a waste of time.
three features i found were the lack of the water, the heat and the conditions and limits of the road.
holding free and impartial election ensures democracy in true sense.
as the effect of that the cyclist had to drink a lot of water.
the cyclist is drinking water more now, and is becoming tired.
there are many showing the mood on the article.
, about what your to do.
we live in a very diverse world they are going to be different outlooks on the world.
music can be so powerful to people and taking it away is not the right thing to do.
you people who spend time on the computer interact with their family?
did you look up to any of the main characters?
let me explain a little bit further to you what i mean.
a few months ago i was at the library.
i hope to start seeing that in the future
he speaks softly to his patients.
this is the harvesting season.
some people might like rap music but other might like rock music.
that is the mood the author creates in the memoir.
libraries contain thousands and thousands of books and other materials.
people should be reading good books and reading good magazines and listen to some good music.
but there should be time limits for how long people stay on the computer.
for example, in video stores they have and adult section that only adults enter not children.
it is someones opinion if they do not like what the book is about and if it offends them.
people like action and adventures, others like laid back kind of stuff.
and i know other people like to do that too.
third, the material can also harm someone by them picking up the book and reading the text.
and they make writing a lot easier.
they can keep in touch by using webcam and etc.
the library is a pathway to knowledge, which branches to many different cultural roads.
if a book, song, or video is offensive then the parents should take that up with their children.
everyday, computers are helping people get through their days with minimal problems.
the , a book written by , revealed the horrible practices of the meat packing industry.
many books, movies, and magazines are made for the different age groups of adults and children.
people lived in the middle ages without computers, but with books.
everything would be so much more fun if you were there and got to experience it, not just read about it.
which i doubt it is.
everybody needs to socialize face to face.
someone had found these words offensive and decided that no one should have to see or read them.
taking books off the shelves?
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a happy and grateful mood.
my second reason is you can have fun.
these are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer.
the author is happy that had a real family.
computers have a positive effect on people.
their sole purpose is to induce the buyer to spend more.
many people have many different opinions on what should and should not be in libraries.
before finding the flower, the author terribly missed her old country.
last example is if your teacher says find the book about the and you go to the library but everyone is taken but you have one by tomorrow.
these are all things that affected the cyclist very much.
on a computer all you have to do is type.
should there be censorship in libraries?
she is also describing that they will start over when spring comes.
computers are also needed to do research for school projects.
some homework requires computers and some colleges are only on the computer so you can stay at home.
also, this is what a lot of people normally face which is a challenge cause of dehydration.
once i witnessed such a fight from close quarters.
this is why i feel that winter hibiscus was concluded in this way.
we need to go outside and exercise.
there are millions of people that play games on the computer.
everyone person can think of something that we did not like or want to see.
they will want to see the world.
another example, is paragraph ten.
if exposed to the sun and heat long enough you can get a sunburn or suffer a heat stroke.
he brings his cattle with him.
they also appeal to a lot of people across the world.
was what met him there.
i hope you agree with me after reading this.
unfortunately, trees are being cut indiscriminately.
without a computer how would teachers get mail sent to them without wasting paper.
because he was already running out of water it was making harder for him to have the will power and determination to go up and down these hills.
most people try not to be overweight.
we need books and music to inspire and electrify the world, and magazines we need not.
the mood of the memoir is appreciation.
they are going to miss out of nature or hanging out with friends.
besides many of the things that people should be censored is probably not that bad.
these stories have a large role in history.
i hope you have enjoyed reading this and hope to see you on my side toward this topic.
the only situation with someone who is online being lazy is with a teenager playing games.
they want to because they are inappropriate, but the thing is, they are not inappropriate to everyone.
students, can now type out all assignments, some schools even give laptops to students to use throughout the year.
the if you missed it.
now a days mango fruits are very expensive.
i have little brothers, and they are , , .
i have cousins who live in .
in the memoir he say that he would never forget how his parent turned his simple house into a home.
there is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give.
i was recently assigned a project by my social studies teacher, where we got to choose my topic of community service and research it.
you can find pictures, videos, maps, and much more.
if your children what to read and listen to these things then you cant let it influence them.
this shows how the author grew up helping people.
# thing we let them pick up and grab is video games .
now i can advance to the next reason.
therefore computers must have a positive effect on people.
instead of going to such drastic measures to shield your child from them, but to simply not allow them to watch those movies or listen to that music.
being involved in a sport would be healthier and more fun that talking to people online.
they sit on old moldy chairs and stare at computer screens, unlike the people enjoying the butterfly gardens and wildlife preserves.
he took the help of another bus driver.
when seeing the familiar plant.
did you know that libraries contain books, movies, music, magazines, etc.?
the blistering sun had been beating on his back for many miles.
the mood created by the author is quite comforting and homey.
you probably do!
know anything about the sport know how to dress for it to keep their body at a comfortable temperature but sometimes the weather plays tricks on us.
this process continues until the certain person can barely yet out of their chair.
libraries are open to people of all age.
this would be bad for all children.
we must play as a team; individual game spoils the chances of victory.
instead of typing away we should explore the world and learn important things.
you will probably end up reading the books that you are not supposed to anyway when you get older.
find something more common towards your own interest.
she vows to do so because she has gained faith from the flowers survival and her realization of important memories.
if a parent does not want their kids watching or listening to anything obscene then they have the right to but certain blocks on their computer.
there are several features of the setting that greatly affect the cyclist.
thank you very much!
music is healthy to the mood of a person.
so, turn off your computer get off your couch, and enjoy your life.
i hope that you agree with computers having a great effect on people!
this book was a fictional story taking place during the .
we i have came up with what i think about it.
you can make web polls much more.
the mood created by the author was grateful and happy.
she says this because she wants to move on now and try to get used to her new home.
he said sometimes life can be so cruel.
seeing her hibiscus bud in the spring will giver herself and newfound integrity to go try that driving test again.
i love pigeons.
if so, i am sure your not alone.
how can you survive?
with all the ways computers help us there is no reason why they would negatively affect us.
i think they should all be blocked and out of children reach.
he had resorted to, gathered up a few pebbles and stuck them in my mouth just to keep his mind his thirst.
it would help making finding a book easier for finding that right book.
well i think not how would that make you feel.
could this be the cause of obesity in ?
my second reason why computers have bad effects on people who use them.
therefore, people should turn off their computers, go exercise, be around nature and have some quality time with their friends and family.
with some offensive things comes a reasoning like in history books and movies that contain a few bad words but are used to get a point or setting across.
computers also can teach you how to speak a language.
a lot right?
then parents could be happy if there little boy or girl could only read certain books because of how old they are.
when i listened to music or watched movies, i got the same ideas as other kids my age and younger.
the computer is you friend.
that family gives one life and teaches love.
should there be computers in are society.
i just think if their is a certain amount of people complaining about a movie or song that their should not even be a fight about it.
i learned that when i was young, just like most young kids have.
the mood created by the author is welcoming and warm.
this shows that she is adjusting.
when you learn something new like a rat is as big as a house.
he says the sun began taking harder ran and the terrain turned into short rolling hills.
in western countries, people know the value of punctuality.
she ends it with that statement to show that she is ready to relive spring in the new country now that she is comforted by the hibiscus.
this awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships.
there is a reason why there is so many different genres.
this where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing.
there are not for entertainment and things of that nature.
the author also had to deal with rough terrain when he rode his bike through the hills.
now days, there a lot of hard work that goes into music, movies, and books.
it was in a great neighborhood and the kitchen was the main place of the house.
kids spend too much time on computers.
the are happy because the are all living together in a perfect place all together.
i always thought how the human body works is incredible.
of all, she can have the right to do that but there is people who have a say in this.
he is a very good athlete.
when it comes to books in the library we should have sections.
read, , and ?
without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily.
i had studied the whole day.
computers have something to them where somehow the become addictive.
what if someone of a different religion found it highly offensive?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
not everyone will see the meaning but it is there.
computers take time away from spending time outside, or exercising.
the last is to just get rid of the materials so they are no complains.
there, every thing is so stereotyped.
in conclusion i think people should spend more time exercising, hanging out with family and friends and reading instead of being on computers.
if you run out of water then you might as well have run out of life.
why would they be up there in the first place what is this world coming to.
a final mood would be happiness.
also he is running out of water.
you never know what somebody enjoys doing.
people need technology for a lot of thin have technology to us.
because it was hot, and empty, he was more thirsty so therefore the setting affected the cyclist.
libraries who have offensive books are not trying to offend anyone in anyway, they are on the shelves for the education of the reader or viewer.
all those thing are some positive benefits people have computers.
the music poses a problem, though.
', my name is and this is my daughter she is six years old.
the library should listen to its customers that visit the library often.
but materials be removed if it is sexual, racist, or life threatening offense.
if they believe that a book or movie will be too adult for them, they will avoid checking it out of the library.
we barely understand what some of the books, music, movies, and magazines are talking about so just try to picture all that being taken away.
statistic say the to of kids learn more things on the computer than they learn in school that a huge percentage even for kids.
kids and parents should only be aloud on the computer then go outside.
the terrain in this story is hilly and filled with deserts.
the text states, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
first of all, computers help us a great deal with homework.
therefore, i do not believe that certain materials that are found offensive to some people should be removed.
computers protects you and help you grow.
you want to do as you can so you have that at.
he was a kind man.
this bad of help can male school projects easier, make students be even smaller and give opportunity to help in need.
so it can stay without water and food for many days.
magazines are good for a couple of different nice things.
these are best portrayed in books that are sometimes removed from the shelves because of hard lessons or graphic words used.
take the book, in the , for example.
since its so easy to type in a conversation, people are losing actual social skills.
if your not really into using the for communication you could learn.
this essay proposed solutions to this problem without taking the public reading right away from everyone
you can do all of that stuff if you just get off the computer.
this is the mental if of technology taking over.
no, i do not believe that.
in a way this makes sense.
the big question is what will you choose!
that is how the setting affected the cyclist during his trip
first, people get addicted to the computer they forget about there family.
i have a best friend who lost is father to these sexual acts and pictures.
personally, i would like to be able to go to my library and pick out a good book.
i hold the power to choose the books i read and the responsibility to choose the books best suited for my age and maturity level.
sometimes my little naughty brother tries to pluck the flowers.
dear leader of the local newspaper, i have heard the strange misconception that computers are ruining our society.
he listens to my problems very patiently and helps me to solve them.
there was a number of things that affected the cyclists during his travel.
we learn to look for and understand deeper meanings.
it is not a place for violence, so quit with it, go for a safer environment.
the author shares his feelings of love toward his parents in this memoir.
a computer has to be programmed as per the requirement either to guide a missile or to write poetry.
libraries should make sure the child is at the correct age to check out the movie.
its your choice what to get not theirs.
and sold in stores for adults that are twenty one and older.
i believe that only by reading the literature on past situations and struggles can you avoid or overcome struggles you face or will face in your lifetime
information can be found instantly.
that is more than we had before.
just because they might not completely think what the content entails is necessarily appropriate, someone else might enjoy it.
he presents the cheerful mood by focusing all the good things in his life with his parents in his house and neighborhood.
the plant seems to give her hope and the last paragraph of the story mentions the hibiscus.
there can be computers that talk bark to you like a real conversation.
without a doubt, of teenagers have been killed because of talking online with strangers people.
or have you ever wondered or said to your self any of these statements?
on the internet you can even ask questions, and they will probably be answered.
on the website you can talk to your friends.
they help people in many ways.
then, more and more people get that book and other books that have this style of materials are being discovered and checked out.
i say this because lots of people can talk to family of friends long distance.
therefore, i urge you to not use computers!
first off you should not be taking books off of shelves for any means.
also, the military & keeps secrets on computers but if your smart enough you can hack it.
email, , , etc.
writing so you can hear me out on what i have to say and persuasive you on this essay.
almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point in time.
there are books out there that are discriminating certain races of people, or informing us of a time when people were discriminated against.
in conclusion social abilities are up with computers.
there are many ways you can do this on , , twitter, yahoo.
the next group that censorship within a school system affects is the school system itself.
there are so many search engines on the internet that lead you to numerous websites to help you find out what you need to know.
these days it is very popular.
that shows that the geese were kind of like her they were moving to a different place to start a new.
or how they see the actors in the movie and they curse and they think is cool cause there doing it as well.
everyone loves him.
but i figured it out, she grabbed me by my hand and took me to the car.
if i were an expert i would have nothing to worry about concerning computers.
i support the advance in technology especially in computers.
the way artists make things abstract that could kindle some controversy.
if that person is pleased then the first person is offended.
dear local newspaper, you know that more than half the students in the world use the computer to study.
if people begin to censor libraries, surely they will begin to censor the internet, and the idea of freedom of speech will be thrown out the window.
nine out of ten people love what computers can do for them.
he thinks it sounds amazing to drink.
this is where censorship comes into play.
furthermore, advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people.
books can help a child overcome poverty, mental challenges, and violence everyday.
to continue, have you ever found yourself asking your kids on how to work the computer?
when i felt scared, my mother held me tightly.
is very grateful for everything his parents have ever done for him and he loves them with all his heart.
these people brain wash people, convince them to meet, and rape and kill them.
this also revolves around addiction.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is cozy and family oriented.
the computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country.
so much color is splashed on all eyes and ears on such sights and sounds.
a public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in.
they travel places with people at their fingertips.
i conclusion using a computer moderately is a lot better then using a lot.
i hope everyone has an eye out for these kind of things.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you about the use of computers and how they are bad for society.
how could they say that they knew what was best for their people?
the setting with no one around make him lose a lot of confidence.
one way is to be respectful to people and people be respectful back.
what do , , and all have in common?
but there are some songs out there that people feel they can relate to so they actually listen to what the song is saying.
his parents arms and doors were open at all times for anybody needed to get back on their feet.
is one reason why i think there should be censorship because some things are definitely too controversial or mature.
i hope many of you agree with my statement and help spread the word that computers could be positive on the mind.
so if you feel like this is a good idea contact your local library and tell them you are in favor of the , ' .'
the reason i would describe the mood as soft and compassionate is.
the best thing we can do is protest it and hope that it will start fading from the public some day.
so keep the books around, its only words
if we did not have computers we would not learn the same.
they are a tool of knowledge.
friends, family, and exchange students are able to talk and see you through video chat.
if you want to listen to a song download it in seconds and listen to your.
computers are good because people can find what they need and their fun ask things find places get things for a good price.
the story is inspiring and the ending greatly contributes to the effect.
all types of genres of all types of entertainment can be found in libraries.
moving along, i want to talk about how you can get information in a instant with computers.
computers also can provide fun games and entertain users.
i love it immensely.
those who do not agree with or want to read an item should simply stay away from that section and choose a different item which interests him.
i can make many folders to store my work in, rather then losing or spilling something on the paper if i wrote it out.
i believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends.
people also use computers for home work online.
do you ever spend time with your family?
this is what i think about some of those books on the selves and what i think should happen.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that family is very important.
of kids forget they made plans after school.
then what happens to that homework?
without a doubt, kids bring home projects and homework everyday right?
plus, computers begin to consume the rest of peoples' lives.
reading and watching a certain movie is all up to you not what others say.
how can you stop your children or the younger generation from watching these things?
my second reason why people should use stay to computers us .
instances like this happy everyday int he local library.
we took a joy ride on the camel.
computers also are how friends and family are able to stay connected and communicate.
the setting of the story affects the cyclist in a negative way.
my favorite would have to be the computer programs.
he got me admitted to my school on an auspicious day.
also some books that are offensive shows students to not do the things they see in the book.
this quote uses words like celebrations and warm to show that this place was a comforting place that always had a great time.
in a survey taken at should that of people are on computer and not interacting with the people around them.
his troubles, thirst, & fear were all behind him when he saw that sign.
the terrain affects the cyclist because of the hills.
the reason being is that someone else could find that book as a good resource and need it for something they are doing.
typing is an important skill that you need for most jobs.
this last paragraph reveals something special to the reader.
libraries should have certain sections for certain books and other pieces of literature.
i think the author concluded the story with that phrase because it shows she will mature.
what the author means that right now she has failed but over time she can study and learn more to get ready to re take it.
this quote shows it was starting to get hot.
it can even help you find a job.
censorship is effectively unconstitutional.
to me that sounds like because he knows he can always come home to his parents if he ever need help.
using the internet is good for adults so they can pay taxes, work at home, and do many other beneficial things for them and their families.
computers can cause people to have a lack of exercise, lack of family and friend time, and lack of enjoying nature.
so they think it is cool for them to go out and do things like that but, it is not.
and with computers, other electronics can work as well.
well about of the world says that computers are a great way to communicate with friends, family, and different people around the world.
sometimes what is considered offensive to one person, is essential to another.
whether it is because it helps people get their work done.
traveling according to sir francis bacon, the famous essayist, is education.
my second reason that computers are extremely good for us is that they are entertaining.
they are great for communication, learning, and shopping.
also you cant understand what there saying half the time.
all she needs is time.
i think that the author concludes the story with this paragraph because hes trying to prove his point.
he is in the middle of nowhere.
all offensive items a library have stored should stay in that very spot, for learning purposes.
this is a good idea for all of us.
a study shows of families that go on vacations have strong relationships.
every student in my class used the computer in some way, shape, or form for their project.
now you know how to fix your problem, get going!
lastly kids can learn about people from other times.
to go along with that, adults and children use the computer to type something on word if its for a report for work or an essay in school.
dear , you look on a map of your effect all you see is computers everywhere.
arguments about every little thing will always be at hand.
but i believe that they should not have to take books, music, magazines, etc.
finally, strength is the last why the author chose the paragraph to end the story.
he talks about his family and when he was a boy and were he grew up.
there are things in this world that are relative.
its all apart of life.
censorship is wrong for this very reason.
i have to say that i agree with them.
it can take away from lesson we could learn and are education that we need to be successful in life
you can use it to talk to people you never thought you would see again.
but to much is not good.
so, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives.
it should have to be your parents decision to see if your ready or not.
we how you, computers make life better and much easier.
it is one of my most prized possessions.
if this were done it would still lead to problems like kids reading the books at the library but never checking hem out.
i hope you agree with me also, and should think that computer technology is a good idea for everyday for lots of reasons.
take a walk.
i know this is a free country and everyone has the right to have their own opinions.
the computers make researching easier just imagine not having to drag home those gigantic books home or having to constantly find information in them.
they were talking about thinking of a book that no one should take off the shelf.
dear , i am going to inform you that more and more people are using computers then spending time with their family.
i found wonderful pictures of .
there are many health concerns that take place in a generation full of computers.
more than half the time, they heard that language from their parents.
explaining how his family loves cooking and playing music.
differences in beliefs is what adds variety to the population and what makes a person special; additionally, free thought is a right all people should have.
i want to ask them how do they survive without one!?
there is a level of media that is not as appropriate as it should be but that does not mean it has to go away completely.
here are some reasons why you would agree to removing somethings off the shelves like sex.
computers can increase our knowledge about faraway places, and people.
this school is very different from my previous one.
another reasons i would like you to hear is less time exercising.
his head struck against the ground.
also you can chat on or .
he also states, id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you had left to circulate.
to choose what they want to read or watch.
they also allow communication with foreign countries.
that is a question that i have yet to find the solution to.
in the word choice of that test again depicts her new attitude.
what if you need to send a really important message to someone to prevent them doing something or help them live or even stop a war.
i know people say that where you are on be computer, you spend less time exercising, but the computers help you with you throwing skills.
he did see windy rivers or trails hidden beneath all kinds of trees.
nature is beautiful, it has , green grass, rainbows (sometimes).
finally it say the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
or, what if someone else had the choice to?
ninety percent of the time that i do that my grades go up and i get a satisfying grade.
this again affected his energy and spirits with thoughts of possible death, and not be able to make it.
i believe that agrees.
they can by tickets.
young children should not be exposed to those things yet.
medicine, , constructing and revolutionizing our life has been made possible by computers.
another advantage is that when your on the computer you can chat with people through webcams.
some movies can also be offensive because of the actions in the movies.
finally, my last point, computers make it very easy to make plans or connections.
trees provide us timber to make furniture.
in the essay the rider gets directions from two old men on a perch.
what happens if we all listen to another person that wishes to remove a book off the shelf?
keep the children away from these materials, it will be a better world if we do.
therefore, a book that not offend you at all could be taken off the shelf because somebody else does not approve of it.
he could only go .
when my grandma pm.
so when she finally got home to her mother, she showed the flower to her.
as he forms out most of the places he was told about were abandoned ghost towns without a single drop of drinkable water.
it does not seem fair to me.
that would benefit everybody greatly because the offensive items would no longer be on the shelves, and it takes little effort from all parties involved.
it bothers me, it really does, but there is one question i always risk myself; how do i stop?
the way people want to take roll in the things they are part of, might actually be found in the library.
then, you can earn a good amount of money, and live your dream life!!
simple as that.
then, the author talks about how their home is always open and welcome to family and friends.
libraries should not be told which books they can and cannot lend out.
only people would think its fun to home and go on the computer for no reason.
i also thank that it is a good thing that kids are wanting to learn about what they want to do later in life.
therefore, this is the mood created by the author.
also the mood of this story is very loving.
do we want that, !
she hopes that she will be able to start her life over again.
instead of mailing a letter, you are electronically sending it.
and maybe you should look into how much time your kids are spending on the computer.
it mostly educates it.
a water pump found just in time, but the water is no longer any determination they reach rough roads creating, once again, a more painful journey.
first you get a head ache; then your mouth dries up and desperation gets in and finally you get dizzy.
i get on the internet but not for video games.
but how were they put to use has little evidence.
so got lost help.
how are we encouraging this if we are removing materials from their grasp?
computers ruined my life.
the author makes the reader feel sad with the girl failing her test and missing home.
if the library took these kinds of materials off of their shelves then they would lose business.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
if kids or parents are offended by these types of books, then they do not need to check them out.
i firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities.
you would want a computer to help.
the author is very proud of where he grow.
if we work together on taking care of all of the profanities then i bet the world would be a much safer and nicer place.
every book should be on a book shelf in a public library.
as the cyclist goes on his trip, he is met with many dreary places and people.
whether it is profane, or offensive in any way, there is always some kind of meaning behind it.
dear local newspaper, it has came to attention that many people do not agree if computers have a beneficial or bad affect on those who use them.
those types of things would offend most people i think, but you can never be to sure.
in my opinion, the removal of the potentially offensive material in our libraries, is sheltering our world.
in the end of it all a book is just a book
when the hibiscus will budding she will take the test again.
their going to have to learn about it sometime in their life though.
then i took a round of the platform.
these people are so smart, they figured out a way to have school online.
having differently finding specific information?
there were a few features in the setting that affected the cyclist.
this piece of evidence is located in paragraph two.
the dessert environment had huge effects on the cyclist.
we have come to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our life.
books, videos, art, does not harm people.
has that ever happened to you?
the fist town he came upon was a realistic version of a ghost town.
so how can we help to solve this problem?
they would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers.
it would be impossible to get rid of all of the books that offended everyone and still have books left.
the setting in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit is used as an important for character development.
a recent study shows that people who actually went to the grand canyon could write a page essay on what they had learned.
the heat caused him to become dangerously thirsty and required him to find an abundance of water fast.
when i was in middle school i always liked to read and books.
finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future.
you will be able to make more friends and better friends.
this is due to the fact that it is a public library and there should be many many different kinds of books.
basically, there are bound to be people who have similar opinions to the author of just about anything, so allow the authors to share those opinions.
i, for one, knows this is fact because my family and friends touch each other online.
so knowing how to use a computer is vital to keep up with the .
who knows we might have to vote on it someday
instead of instant messaging call them.
computers helps every one in all ages.
after failing her test she went too greenery where she saw flowers of her homeland.
the freedom to say what you please also includes singing.
you can search up different information over the internet.
in the beginning of the trip, the cyclist encounters a ghost town.
because of the internet there is basically no more boredom.
you have to think about the kids that are mature too.
recently my grandmother moved down to and i can only talk to her on the phone.
efficiency is another powerful time –saver.
even if it is offensive you could still learn something from the book, movie,magazine, music, etc.
the computer screen is straining their eyes horribly & for the people who are on the computer - hours a day are pretty much sending their eyes to blindness.
communication is positively affected by computers.
for example, when it snows.
floods, however, have always brought out the best in men.
there are only a few that i named but every age group has a specific spot at the library.
finally the ghost towns.
there are snakes that are not poisonous.
then it was a waste of money to make the building, purchase the books for people, and hire librarians.
with all that has been said, do you still believe in all of the going on in your nearby library?
and also, children can get very offended.
during a time of segregation, this neighbors, families, and friends stayed united.
later he realizes the old men probably had no idea that things change overtime.
would you like to be in contact with that person again?
just imagine, late at night, pm, no library, no computer, and a giant essay due tomorrow.
well this should cut back or maybe even add more pull into what they can or can not share within their readings, materials, and movies.
i know what is out there and some of the books or movies are not always kid rated.
first, the cyclist noticed a rode change from flat to short, rolling hills.
once you gain all that weight it is very hard to get rid of it.
you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well
in the world today there are so many laws, regulations, and even authorities protecting our rights.
if one side of the story is not told, how will the jury be able to tell if the accused is guilty or innocent?
drugs, alcohol, and curse words have a big effect on children and their lives today.
the library would have books of all kinds.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but there really is nothing anyone can do if someone is offended.
the rolling hills of the road were making him use more energy.
the winter hibiscus is related to her new home but when winter is gone and new hibiscus came they relate to her new home.
then again censoring movies, music, books, and magazines in a library could also be a bad thing.
so i think libraries should just leave the books on the shelves.
computers are one of these great benefits.
if people decided to feel offensive over stuff like that then something is wrong with them because after all these years there have been no complaints.
their are many dating sites such as, that connect people losing that internet.
also there are websites where people can post these pictures of you that are very personal and make a huge difference in you life.
then get up and enjoy nature.
and you give them permission by clicking that continue with install button.
these are just come of the many fun sports.
i feel like he just threw his life away just for some stupid line.
knowing there is a creature like that, there is bound to be more.
she buys the plant and puts it in the vegetable garden.
by being educated about even the most offensive things, people can learn from them and form their beliefs.
some say that one should have the right to censor a book that they find offensive.
for example when taking about the rocks in his mouth he states with only luck id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat.
the setting affect him both physically and mentally.
it was difficult to pass the time.
while in present day less than of all children get at least one hour of time outside.
no one wants to be that way.
but what if a close friend moves away?
personally, i believe that computers benefit the society for many reasons.
it has two big headlights.
people are not experiencing the world outside their computers.
he organized a campaign to get his country free from the british.
a horror film is not suitable for a of a young age who believes everything he or she sees on .
i have had many worthwhile times in the library and was never once harmed or offended.
while some people think were not wasting our time on the computer.
when you sit in front of a computer, it reels you in.
these sites are useful for catching up with friends you might not have seen in years or continue a conversation from minutes ago.
how would you know what happened?
should books be censored?
i have to input that i personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past.
censorship of books is not fine, but censorship of movies and magazines are acceptable.
now that it is so easy, children begin to think things come easily in life.
i have a broad view on this subject.
this memoir sounds almost cozy, in some ways.
i am a musician.
it should be on the shelf even if it is offensive.
she has made some great songs for the past year and a half now.
these were two of several examples of the setting affecting the cyclist.
panic cant help to solve anything.
that happened to one of my cousins, last year.
if so, how did you go about the situation and what did you want done about it?
first of all, i think that computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected.
your computer is to do many things.
this novel is about a world where all books are burnt.
a little while back, i was in the library and i noticed a book that was offending.
they attempt to teach their children the basics: that drugs, alcohol, and smoking will corrupt their health.
media that show racism towards any ethnicity or religion should be banned.
for some books, this can take years.
this means that he cant collect any water to drink if he runs out.
if you want, you can also get a web cam.
those who borrow anything at the library have the right to bring that special book or movie to the attention of those in charge.
after reading this essay, i hope you realized that computers are bad for you in various ways.
it will be the best choice you ever make.
i strongly believe we should take magazines off the shelves.
lastly, they have more success.
then it tells the month summer of course makes the temperatures for the cyclist about almost maybe even hotter.
so then again, i do not believe that any person should have a right to just remove the books that are offensive to them at all.
they said family is people who care for one another even if they are not blood related.
just in the last century movies have came along way in advancement.
the author obviously had a purpose to write the novel, compose the music, or to deliver the movie.
opinions can cause a lot of problems.
there was no water either.
that is what makes freedom of speech so important to the world.
computers also benefit our society because they are like big cellphones with a huge keyboard.
maybe try looking at a a few pages of a book you once heard about.
we need books for many things from learning to simply use up time.
if your town offers all of these activities, they are helping you out.
if one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something would show how to.
basically, i think the computer is a huge time and effort saver that every household needs.
telling myself that if i could make it that far, id be fine.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness.
like the geese, she is saying that everything in this country she is starting to get used to like the geese that fly south every winter.
let us educate our children for the future of humanity.
computers are a big part of the working society today.
these are still only a few of the many skills that can be learned on computers.
has a preference for religious books that explain the theology behind some of the things the world says and things of his religion.
also they have the ability learn more on the computer.
no matter who you are or what you believe, there will be some topics that you find offensive.
without computers we would be like the ( offense any people).
there are much less people outside.
the had many mood in the memoir.
plus it was hilly.
either way games on the computer are too addicting.
most young adults read about books that are about adventure, mystery, or love.
just give the book a chance and see how everybody likes it.
this obviously is going to have an affect on him because it will be very fast.
i want to see them.
computers can do all sorts of different things.
he also writes that not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
some people get obese by doing this.
last and furthermore is movies, where would we be without movies?
but tv has a lot of disadvantages too.
they think the they always talk about everything day, and other things.
it saves time and effort with a more professional result.
i would say we keep it, our kids need to know our culture that way they can survive in it.
just like kids they go on the computer to just play games.
prevents that so you can always talk to them.
these books maybe be offensive to some people but its there choice to read it.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
instead of getting outside and enjoying nature, they waste time on computers.
computers can help kids with homework.
sometimes, a book or movie is like a cry for help or a way to raise awareness about some wrongdoing in the world today.
but to avoid confusion, we all divide responsibilities.
this pretty much shows how computers are not so great for people all the time.
my first topic, why i think there are good effects on the computer is we can do work by ourselves with no ones help.
they also make it easier and more fun to make new friends.
but because of the advances in technology, running a business can become much easier and not as much time is wasted.
someone who is feeling bored could play one of countless games that have been created, and range from pointless to addicting, from tiny to massive.
students develop the qualities of self-help in a hotel.
i love to play basketball outside.
therefore, he should prepare notes regularly at home.
or be around.
why would they put it in there just to take it all away.
my friend spent hours on those websites.
can we somehow get kids to not see them?
can help us get information about various topics.
the feature of the setting affect the cyclist by one, the conditions of the road were awful.
i agree that for children there should warnings for material that parents find offensive.
the one without the computer needs to go to the library.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him thirsty and him thinking he is lost and going to die.
it is fascinating to realize that use of the computer can increase your hand eye coordination.
this quot was found in , this quot also shows that his family was kind and generous.
a lot of the music these days can be very inappropriate, especially rap music.
parents who prefer their own children not to see or listen to certain materials have the right to censor the materials away from their children.
libraries, not many people like them, but most people do.
those countries whose citizens are hard-working make great progress.
but, she went on the hunt of her father by faith in the lord.
the setting plays an important part in the authors mood.
a good way it to watch the movie and learned from it.
children the age of thirteen and under should not be given magazines.
dear newspaper, i think that the effects are okay as long as we get off the computers and go outside and see some friends and get some exercise.
although times are constantly changing and things are different then they used to be, with a little help we can restore it to where it used to be.
instead of banning the books or complaining about it them, people could try a rating system for books.
for example, ' ' was a great movie describing the search for one man in the middle of .
computers allow us to talk with people online.
schools also use sites to help students have their knowledge.
the plant represents beautiful things and the geese represent beautiful things.
many families have different values they want to pass on to their children, morals they hope to teach them.
they think it is cool seeing someone else doing drugs, violence, or nudity.
try a schedule.
we should respect him.
it takes more than what some people are doing and saying to reflect on what your reading and how your reading it.
first of all, i think that computers benefit our society because lets people in contract with family and friends in other states.
many people go on the internet and are so fascinated that, that is how they spend their free time.
people are not getting exercise, so the gain more weight.
of are already obese, so why keep these horrid games out there?
to him, the sight was troubling.
not only can you talk to grandma or grandpa but you can even see them smile what children can even such as .
one that is more family oriented and safe for children eyes.
in conclusion no type of material should be removed because it has been found offensive.
lastly, i believe that family is the most important thing to missing out on!
a book could be offensive to one person, but not another.
this would eventually remove our freedom.
she feels like she has a friend in this book that can handle the situations with her.
computers make you become become smarter.
dear , it has come to my attention that more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
in doing this will connect to other ways of life.
if you ban books then you will ruin the future.
this way it would be quick and easy to find that one board game.
his mother is a teacher.
computers are helping schools teach students.
however, they could of turned out differently if they just shut down their computers.
is a very calm and happy short story.
this is a book giving the kids to see how things were.
after dinner my father tells me stories.
your energy is what keeps you moving and motivated.
for example, the other day i logged onto the internet and saw an article about the earthquake in .
this final paragraph draws together and unites all the final paragraph on concluding idea.
by putting the adult books section by the check out place, an employee at the library could easily find any small children wandering into that section.
another one was to explore and go on a hike to see what is out there and just have a good time.
in the story do not posted speed limit there were many features of the setting that affected the cyclist.
after the train ride, we sat in a restaurant and had our lunch.
my sister lives in , and as a result i barely get to see her or even talk to her.
computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points.
that night, i asked my parents about it and asked if i could read it.
they narrated the story of their home.
the mood of this story was a happy and a reflective one.
it went from happy, appreciation, and an explanation of his life to deep, incredibly personal, and to his complete thoughts.
she will wait for the winter to pass so that she can pass the test.
knowing your running low of water to feel sorry for himself the cyclist had biked so far the terrain started to change from flat to rolling hills.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
it is the parents' job to regulate the reading of their children not the contents of the bookshelf.
to show what kind of person she is and she not going to just give up just because she failed the first time.
would you let them remove those materials or would you fight for them to stay.
‘clean management’ makes the benefits go to all in the from of comforts.
practice you the is considered one of the greatest countries in the world because it is a free country.
stopping obscene literature from being in the reach of the people is stopping writers from speaking out.
in the memoir the author sets up a happy mood while remembering his child hood home.
the heat of the setting provides a problem because the main character is at risk of dehydration and heatstroke.
well, you be right but also wrong.
say you were the writer of a book and it took you a long time of hard work and dedication to finish the book and get it published.
after she fails her drivers test.
everything can be saved to a laptop.
we as humans have the birth given right of making our own decisions.
if you saw a book on the shelf of your library that took offense to you in some way or another how would you react?
so much that they she will pass her test with ease because she will not be nervous.
also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places.
although kids should start going outside, computers, teaches kids new things, and is useful.
movies should be left rated for whom they should be rated for.
in conclusion, computers will be something that will help us for a long time and it benefits us.
the internet can connect all over the world, and you can learn about other cultures.
if we start giving up these small freedoms then those taking them from us will not stop.
because then things can get out of control.
of people say they would love to look at beautiful places in the world.
also in libraries there are a ton of music, movies, and magazines.
the topic of censorship in schools is also a very sensitive one, especially with younger kids.
what does an offensive book look like?
security, jobs, bills, school, contacting, games, everything.
this all swim like a activity but it is really pulling us away from our social lives.
you will be amazed.
of people who use the computer use the computer language in school.
because this plant reminds her so much of her old home.
the story rough road ahead: do not exceed posted, speed limit tells of a biking trip gone wrong.
this quote shows how massively grateful the author is toward her parents.
not only that but we need computers for school.
you would forget to at least go for a jog, discover new thing.
last sunday a cricket match was played between our school team and the team of s.d.
there are three main things that can get you in shape.
although they can be time consuming they make up for it in the long run.
of all he explains how much his house meant to him.
someone enjoy a piece of work another finds offensive.
the things that i would find offensive would be racial discrimination, gender discrimination, or religious discrimination.
in the final paragraph, she vows to take the test again when the hibiscus buds.
so now you know that a computer can teach you things.
another reason is because there is some history on some websites.
both parties in case are still able to say and express their own opinions.
dear local newspaper, computers are very important to some people.
people have different opinions about what is offensive to them and it would be very boring if everyone thought the same.
stuffy nose, headache, cold etc.
it changes from flat road to short rolling hills.
most books and movies are filled with sex,gang violence, and drugs.
like the geese.
she opened her laptop and found where her kid was.
new styles they make more money they make.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
for example, when the cyclist has no water it is a day with nothing around him to help.
computers are bad for most people.
then their on the internet out doing their job.
but it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if this is a good enough book for your child to read.
adults have a problem with the offensive material because they have children who go to the library.
well in this letter i am going to give you three reasons how computers do benefit our society.
it can help you find a job.
also computers help old time friends and family keep in touch.
the whole screen thing brings me to my next point.
he has none of that in the desert.
whether or not children read or see the offensive material is the decision of the parents.
dear , of is all about computers.
the sweat dropping down him is just speeding up his dehydration.
this shows the hospitality of the neighborhood and how caring it was.
then take a mouthful of water, face the sun and blow the water out as fine spray.
maybe this person could make a friend, and one day meet them in real life.
they hold a lot of information about many different subjects that people go to learn about even if it be offensive to some people.
the geese will fly home and the hibiscus will bloom in spring.
overall, computers have a positive effect.
a strong nation is being built with well disciplined society, performing its duty efficiently at all levels.
now i will move on to my second reason.
the mood created by the author in the memoir can be described in many ways.
i think of how the artist feels.
this can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside.
so in my opinion the library should be a good use to everyone, and leave the books, magazines, etc.
your well only get up and go to the bathroom, and eat, they will only do stuff that is in the house.
you say you are going to play for minutes but they are so addicting you play for hours.
the internet is not the only distraction on a .
saying that the material is unsuitable for a younger age group is correct, but at that age the children should be with adult when checking out books anyway.
the library could put those certain books in own part of the library.
to the local newspaper, i think using computers does not have a negative effect on people.
most likely not all of that is due to the use of computers, but i bet a great deal of it is.
they could be using that time to be around family and friends making memories.
by doing this, not all people will be satisfied when not everyone gets what they want.
some talk about race, religion or gender.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
one day my plea will be heard.
also, i learned to type with type to learn .
once i actually noticed and got the point of why they would do this i thought that it was a good idea.
shes trying to make her daughter feel better.
the common people live in a so called ' '.
secondly i think that computers could help you meet new people from foreign countries and other states.
computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything.
i would just pick up any book there was and start trying to read.
everyone should be able to express themselves and what they like.
to this very day people have become very addicted to computers.
first of all, if a person is eighteen they should have a right to read whatever books they chose because they are grown adults.
our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and to not be noticed, rather than standing out and pushing the human race forward.
countless times i was in desperate need for information.
in this memoir, the author touches upon serious facts while giving the memoir a fun and happy mood.
how will society ever change if any time a revolutionary book is written it is banned?
if its cold you need a jacket.
they be considered censorship, but that is one step away from being banned.
yeah i said you think a comp.
as s result, i use it for homework.
these are all problems that should be addressed.
the plant gives her strength to try for her driving test again.
this leads into eating unhealthy foods.
could use it for info on a project or homework.
from the very beginning, the author describes the home as more of a way of life than a physical space.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
suddenly he stopped issuing tickets and refuse to accept the one rupee note, as it was slightly spoiled.
the author had an incredible experience and is eternally grateful for having such wonderful parents that she had.
the weather can always be found on time web for any in the world.
you could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes.
without these books these can become something in the past and nothing more.
it is also a way to teach and to inform others about the past.
she would adapt just like the winter hibiscus.
i think the top level or a certain area should be the adult area.
the unique quality of a person can be developed with the help of a good hobby.
meanwhile, in some of the more severe cases the person is so entranced that bedtimes are pushed later.
but to make sure all your friends should have one question to make sure its there friend.
in conclusion, having a family computer is a very good thing.
they also gave educational games.
something like that can cause people to be hospitalized and then the library will be sued.
he keeps a small stick in his hand.
those are some examples of why i think the author concluded the story with that paragraph.
of course they should.
thankfully, online college courses are available.
i used to watch this girl named .
he lets the desert and the heat convince that he is going to die.
very recently during the war in the , news reporters were not allowed into towns and cities where a user uses being fought.
my opinion is that, i think that people spend a lot of time for good reasons.
some are even unfit for young eyes.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting effect the cyclist.
she has gotten into some really horrible situations.
and when she begins thriving and feels like herself again, then shell be ready to take the driving test, and pass.
the roads became, bumpy, and there were a lot of hill the cyclist had to go over.
the presence of an animal in a house is considered to be a good omen in villages.
kid or if your an adult.
kids to a certain age deserve to know whats going to happen in the real world when they grow up and start a life.
if you are spending all this time on your computer you will be out on in your family.
i, however, do not believe that these things should be removed.
people seemed to manage fine without computers and were a lot more active before them.
this statement might affect the cyclist in the way that, they fear if they get into any trouble there is no one around to help out.
however, once you continue reading and get into , the mood darkens.
this shows that it is quite hot outside by the month stated.
books give information and knowledge that some people need desperately.
i look at the human race of this planet to be whole and to be one with another.
why should you right you have the option to use a computer which lets you write faster than you could on normal paper.
with computers, you can learn about far away places and people without having to visit or talk to them.
my second reason of why computers can have positive effects on people is that it can help them get a better education.
if certain books are offensive should you stay away from that type of book or get rid of the book altogether.
your family and friends last longer than that.
one reason is because there is a lot more information on the internet.
a bad part about the internet is chat rooms, if you talk to the wrong people then you can be in trouble.
you can stay away from those sections if you find them offensive.
people need to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people.
so as you can tell, computers make a strong, positive impact on society.
if your phone is not working you can also use the computer to communicate with your family.
for example, the text states, there was no one in sight, not a building, or structure of any kind.
he then goes to the fields.
you have the right to ask what certain music, books, or movies are like, and movies have ratings on the case.
instead, they are inside on their computers.
if there was little kids that want to read kid books then they should have a section for them.
removing the material might frustrate and offend the author or other readers.
humans that have to much on time on their hands.
things are fun and creative because of books, magazines, music, and movies.
books are meant for learning and for pleasure not to try to offend anyone.
too bad only out of every could relate to kid message.
people use computers everyday.
he is a caring young boy.
let the people read what they want to read.
a parent should not have to worry about their child coming across a book or magazine containing inappropriate things such as this.
people would like to learn about different things.
made their slave through ignorance.
read on as i will explain in details.
i relate to this.
computers have a negative affect on people!
its not right and its not fair.
for example, why would a person buy an object that does not seem appealing to them?
i really want you guys to hear out my story.
books and magazines are not as well protected although they should be.
they would do kind things for them.
then it comes up in about seconds with around links to websites to help you out.
actually, was a very good book.
finally, it shows that the mood is happy and grateful because it says that he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
others enjoy it, whether they share your views or .
the reading of this novel can be interpreted to favor my argument, as people lived happily without controversial books.
next, i feel that if your constantly on the computer, then your parents will have an extremely high light bill.
another feature of the setting is very old and dirty.
computers can help you do all types of things.
people miss things while on the computer.
someone could need to use a book that has something offensive in it, but they would all be taken away to somewhere else.
the books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn to do things.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making it harder for him to pedal and complete his ride.
people need them to have an enjoyable life.
my parents turned off graphic or violent television when i walked in the room.
there are also many books on the , some people find that offensive, or not want their kids reading about that, but that is history.
if you miss someone or you just want to talk there is websites that let you do that.
they should be out getting fresh air and spending time with their family and friends.
not even the people that publish the songs and put then on the radio.
another way of communication is through email.
dear , i am writing to you about how technology affects people.
children should be allowed to read books such as , the , and in order to get a taste of how much times have changed.
she is filled with new resolution when she says to herself then i will take the test again.
anyone is capable of possessing them.
the sites all help people make new friends online almost like pen pals on the internet.
the text also states, and the hibiscus is budding then i will take the test ].
then author concludes the story with that paragraph because it sums up how the memories and the plant effects her.
the internet is amazing, but i think everyone forgot the joy of going out with friends and family.
for example, the author said in the story that the flower bring her comfort i think being comfortable is the best way to succeed and pass the test.
on there you can fin what ever your looking for.
you could even play hide and seek with your friends even tag.
those things are great if you want to show pictures from a vacation or talk to a friend in a different country.
if you deprive the body of water all of your major organs will bake in the hot sun.
there is a small garden around the home and one side is facing a paddy field.
we should look before we leap.
it is airy.
this would make it very difficult to interact and make new friends.
a lot of them feel that it is helping and improving their learning ability, others disagree.
in conclusion, computers do benefit society.
cell phone prices would go through the roof.
the animals because the snake could have killed the cyclist and these was no one in miles to help.
must stop the madness men.
more and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but i do not agree that this benefits our society.
therefore he was taught to become a king.
in brief censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parent responsibilities, media economics, and our constitutional rights.
to wrap it up, computers effect people.
a recent of a computer.
the plant will grow if it can adapt.
i got so bad to the point that i was suicidal.
not even worth it.
paragraph two, had used parentheses several times within the text.
later that night, i get home and check my , a new notification pops up and i am now friends with my .
this was taking a physical toll on him.
the risk of any of these things happening is very high.
everybody could use a laugh every once and a while.
one of these moods were appreciative, he was appreciative that his parents made a house into a home.
also it makes the cyclist seem a bit insane for doing what hes doing in weather that he could, drop from heatstroke.
my future children and i could also never be able to read it.
these are the mood created by the in the memoir.
basically, his first everything was done there.
why take away something that only a few people disagree with?
the opinion of the public is created by the current time, trends, ethics, and problems that are going on.
i have people who stay up for our their paper.
have you ever been gazing out the car window when you just found yourself being sucked into all the beauty that nature has to offer?
computers and technology benefit us in many ways.
most books are organized in categories by maturity and genre.
if we want to erase as being an obese country, then we must get people away from their computer screens.
as the man rides his bike for a while he is of but as he road into the first town it seemed to be a ghost town.
if the gets caught on the bike it could have caused him to fall and it could harm him.
another example can be a book.
throughout this memoir there was moods of caring, loving, grateful, & happiness.
do what makes you happy and nothing else.
positive side music and movie has a way for some that comfort while having a good book at hand.
then there are online geeks, who like to get online for video games.
so really, what is the problem?
almost like a fun loving feeling.
it is a very harsh word, but it goes with the setting and the background of the story.
we should be happy that we can have some control over what are children watch and listen too.
the holocaust was an event that became known wide during which was a major historical event.
be someone has a game.
and finally help with schooling.
the computer saves money for a lot of us.
the hibiscus reminds her of home because at her home there are similar plants.
people think that magazines are very important to the society
well you cannot blame the library for having the book.
what should be done about the books, movies, magazines, and movies that are offensive to some of the people?
books can lie about whats about to happen to the world.
their easy access and very helpful.
so as you can see i support the use of computers, and i feel they are critical to peoples daily lives.
this entry proves to the reader that there are snakes in this sort of setting.
another thing that would back this up is when he talks about writing in his diary about the old men who gives him these direction.
the clown appears during the interval between one feat and the other and makes the spectators laugh heartily.
dear newspaper, i thought that i should express my concern.
overall i think that computers make the world go round.
with this, kids and adults are communicating in high end ways that waste too much time.
in libraries, there is usually an adult section and kids section.
he is explaining his past.
i believe that computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly.
did you know that of children are obese at young a young age?
dear local newspaper, some people say computers have negative affects on family and friend others say computers are an important aspect of society.
there are some people that would have to look at that for research or something else.
online shopping having a positive affect on people by making their lives less busy is a great reason but there is one last even greater one.
if a child read something about sex, he or she might be curious or confused, and ask their parents about it.
i hope you agree with me when i say computers are bad.
they teach new things.
as i grew up in my younger years i hated the computer all i wanted to do was go outside and play.
is an amazing tool.
it is as simple as that.
i found that book to be very offensive just because i was looking at it from a modern perspective.
computers are what they say now a days are one of the main reason children spend less time with there family.
that is why the internet is very helpful.
with the technological revolution came games like .
it is unconstitutional to restrict any form of expressive speech, whether it be books, movies, music, or magazines.
if someone comes across information that would be offensive they were most likely looking for it and are aware of where it is.
here, the author is trying to stop for water, but since no one lives in the town any more, he gets none.
they need something to listen to.
that means that so many people need to resourced foreign countries and need to use a computer to find out about it.
nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit has a great effect on the main character in the story.
that is why i think that computer can answer your questions.
out of people do this in everyday.
i intend growing plants of flowers.
the long crippling hills are next in line the cyclist has to use all her energy to work up the hill.
the content of a library should be full of various material even if one find certain materials offensive.
the setting had a huge affected on the author.
i lived with them very happily.
the entertainment for children and adults consists of movies, music, sports, video games, and reading.
there are a lot of people around the world who know what they believe is good and bad.
the place was full of people from different countries.
without a computer, people would have no way of asking questions and end up getting it wrong.
then, as easily as rounding a bend my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me.
the settings affect the cyclist in more than one way.
if a person is under that age then their parents should be present while they check out so they can approve of what their child is checking out.
people believe differently, so it would be hard to please them all.
on time it might take your just over a minute.
also, what kids say in profiles.
what do we find offensive?
also, people would want to learn about other people cultures.
we must be very proud of our soldiers.
one much life is exercise, and due to the of modern computers, exercise is the key to a healthy life.
some people live far away from their family so computers really help them stay in touch and to be able to see each other.
', but only slightly.'
i believe that computers are a great invention.
just a few days ago, i was playing a game where you had seconds to type as many words as you can, as fast as you can.
second, its a bad influence.
i got in trouble by saying it just because i heard that stupid word that i wished never heard.
so to remove one particular thing would be unreasonable for the person who likes or finds interest in a particular subject.
i would like to say computers are not interacting with family, friends, nature or anything of that sort.
there is no doubt that electronics, play a huge role in this event.
it ended in the same mood started in the middle of the passage, happy.
when students need information on a school project, they can go on and search it instead of going over to the library.
he became dehydrated and kept pushing himself to find a place where there was fresh water.
with a click of a button you should be going to or a nice vacation.
this tells you that the road is very rough.
a teenager goes into the to look up a book, they should be able to go to a section for teens and get a book on there topic.
if it makes you uncomfortable, put the book, or article down.
if the is left without certain materials there will be no creativity.
it is really not a free country when you have people taking away books and movies because they are offensive to people.
this is very urgent situation so please be aware.
in fact even the internet has books to buy and read.
are great for kids in libraries.
this ruining many people because this starts rumors and gossip about people.
others find the book to be inspirational and uplifting, and taking the option of reading it away from the person is wrong.
lastly, the text states, grape and fish camp the sight of this building gave the cyclist hope and happiness for finding a place to get a drink.
i was thinking the same way when i took a look at that website that got her started.
but why do you ask,?
it also says that they learned the real definition of family.
movies tell what ages are okay to watch those movies.
the heat also played a part of his energy loss.
computers help teach hand eye coordination.
the time is now to step up to the plate, librarians.
without a doubt chatting online is a great way to use the computer during the time your on it.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
computers are making people unhealthy.
as they are older, they still never have the interest to learn about these types of things because they never knew about them growing up.
of course not all users have a computer for information.
would you really take that away from him just because it is offensive???
some people believe these things influence bad behavior like stealing, cussing, and even murder.
this is hurting our environment!
i believe that the mood is supposed to be seen as joyful and uplifting.
it starts off with a beautiful and culturally enriched apartment.
but one of the most important reasons why computers use is so high is because, there are a lot of people taking online classes.
take action now!
not get sunk and, it can travel for days with no water.
it frightened me.
the area in which the cyclist was in, had an enormous effect on him emotionally.
there are books like for , by , which has recently been banned by some school libraries because of graphic scenes.
i know i would feel bad.
this expresses the mood of love because again the neighbors are called family.
you thought that way, you thought wrong!
in my opinion there should be very censorship in a library.
should be removed from the shelves if found offensive.
we are blessed to live in , where we have freedom of speech.
it simply not enough to drop a child off at the local library and hope they find something interesting.
the second reason that libraries should be censored is that sometimes not all of the items in the library are put in the right place.
as this essay is being read, people are dying.
people are using computers to an extent to which it is bad for their health.
this is why the mood of the story is happy.
there are multiple things wrong with the idea of censorship.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for a couple of different reasons.
it for the parents to decide when their kids hear these things, if at any time.
the rapid advancement in technology is not a positive thing.
it is just hoe our economy is these days.
for a school project in i had to research about .
not everyone agrees with one another, because everyone is unique in his own way.
one way is to keep in contact.
the television is a great gift of modern science.
do you like what i like?
libraries should have a rating system like movies do.
so, the best thing you can do is read a couple of pages out of the book before you check it out.
is also majorly grateful for their courage to come to a new world without knowing any of the language or culture just to give their children a better life.
they strengthen the relations of friendship among various states and countries.
there are more than six billion people in the world.
final reason is computers allow you to talk online with your friends.
censorship, a very sensitive topic.
in the short story the cyclist was affected by the setting in many ways.
the men gave the cyclist directions be what they remember when they were younger in age.
the cyclist was all alone in the road with none around him either so into he passed out, no one could help him.
one time when i was a young lad, i checked out a horror movie from the local library not knowing what the movie was about.
they move in public places.
the books that are found offensive should be removed because people get very upset if they find out that the book is talking bad about them.
those movies have been put on the highest of best film lists.
if he were on flat terrain on a cool day then he would have been first fine.
it has great nourishing value.
going back to research, what about for solving crimes?
some of the family members they would have were grandparents, aunts, , and cousins.
my grandfather told all the stories to me.
do you want to spend your time on or computer or do you want to spend your time in the real world.
we have much to learn from books and we have much to offer our future members of the human race though books.
the child learn something new from the book.
what are parents going to do when their go to school and hear other talk about subjects such as sex?
with your family.
material like that at the library can harm children brains by brainwashing them.
also, when the story says that the town had been abandoned.
so yea the last sentence he said i liked it.
technology has advanced so far that it might be better to stay home and on the computer than taking a walk in the park.
the next thing would be to have all the movies, magazines, and music in the categories of adult, kids, and teenagers too.
they try to rush their life and be somebody they not meant to be.
if a healthy person is found begging, he should be punished by the law.
my answer to that is no you should not.
so in the end his surroundings destroyed him and then relieved him.
the only way to travel in a desert is to ride a camel.
a recent study showed that of kids would rather be bullied in face then over the internet.
for three reasons, really, the first being that people have the right to any information that they desire to have.
now that is a big difference.
also, the terrain affects the biker.
i feel that a library can have any kind of book stating any kind of material.
you can make what they thought was a good thing into something bad.
also, i can keep in touch with my friends anytime i want.
my parents were successful in life because they were ambitious.
humans are sending huge amounts of money on getting the latest computer technology.
plus the person who wrote or made the object would be shot down ( of sadness or rejection).
most of the jobs in the world have one part that has to do with computers.
dear newspaper: you really think computers are that good?
you can meet new people and is a good way to make life even better.
it is a good way for people to get to know you.
imagine your family member or friend fighting in the war miles away.
safety is one the most important things in life.
it should be left up to a person to decided what the see or view.
computers are, a great advancement in our technology.
when i have to write a paper on someone i usually use the internet.
you can learn, play, and be free.
the topic of and the be found to be offensive because of what they stand for.
if the reader does not like the book, then the reader will not continue reading the book.
censorship is wrong because it violates at least two of the five basic freedoms granted to all citizens.
lives get wasted when teenagers make choices like drinking and driving.
dear , people are using computers all the time but computers help us all the time in positive ways.
my three reasons are that people are not interacting with friends and family, not enjoying nature and getting less exercise.
are offensive and are bad that they should be removed, the reason being is because of younger children.
dear , i am writing this letter to state my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
he told himself that it was no use.
i borrowed the book from the librarian on the advice of my friend.
if a child does not have a computer at home this will.
all the descriptions of his family cooking and family neighbors eating together is enough to make anyone feel happy.
high school and up i think that its okay to have on the shelves in magazines, books, music and movies.
thanks to many communication applications such as , , and , we can now communicate with a surplus of distant friends and relatives.
sohan lal is the peon of our school.
in this memoir it talks about what the true meaning of selflessness and a home really is.
with this concluding paragraph, i believe that she will be more comfortable at the time.
you eventually memorize where all of the keys are located.
you can also see pictures of things that you cant see everyday.
did the bell ring in the middle of a conversation?
still, you can use the computer to look up cheats on video games.
that sentence indicates how much he loved his parents for doing that.
above all else, there are millions of creeps on the internet, preying on children as a young teens.
this is true.
there is no one person who can say whether or not a book is offensive.
computers hold the world at your finger lips.
i believe gossip is one of the main reasons why most people buy magazines.
the mood in this memoir is a very relaxed and happy mood.
if the parents would just tell their children no to a certain book, then the child will not read it.
they might even like it.
who knows developing social skills could help you in the future.
which is good because its much easier.
first reason is, that many jobs in the state, or nation use a computer.
people just really need to mind their own business and not worry about what other people find enjoyable.
there are many books or songs that i do find offensive, so i just avoid those.
who had the right to tell me i could read?
also, in the desert some animals can be very dangerous on the cyclist journey, he saw a poisonous snake.
these quick changes happen without thinking, and become a natural habit.
video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology but also one of the deadliest.
we learn keyboarding skills.
by traveling to and unfamiliar places in the world, one is able to experience and learn about other cultures.
well do you think?
millions of people died for saying the wrong stuff.
do you really want to write it all?
i suppose you can infer how this turns out: one game, turns two and so on.
none should be denied.
authors use conclusions to wrap up a story, or to make the reader think.
when the cyclist first set off, he was doing fine, he had plenty of water.
if we take away one kind of music, then we have to take away every kind of music.
there is no reason for a censor in a library
do you mean, how?
kind of information you need you can already have it with a touch of a button.
libraries should be allowed to have anything on there shelf that they please but allow it to certain age groups.
it smoothing up the vibe and if you be and a bad mood that music you like claim you down in put you and a better one.
when i was doing social studies project i had to find out what the flag looked like.
what is supposed to be minutes grows into an hour or two that take away from your family.
we place ourselves in an environment that is specifically created to make us comfortable with the responsibilities of maturity.
the technology is unbelievable and makes everyday life, easier.
everybody has a different taste in media.
remember, computers help us live our dreams to the full extent.
in my opinion, computers are one of the most important things to a person.
dear editor, i have read your past article about how computers can take too much time out of some ones life!
last but not least, begin to slack on interesting with friends and family.
that is why i do not believe in censorship in libraries nor bookstores
some things come across as offensive to others, but who has the right to say that something should not be shared with the rest of the world.
some families find them useful the have more than one in the household.
i think i proved my point of why computers are sometimes bad and sometimes good like people.
but with computers, they can talk to each other like they were still neighbors.
she is the busiest person in the house.
if a book is put on a shelf then it is there for those who enjoy that material.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
it also helps in sports.
my last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life.
she had no problem going off and complaining, i can remember her every word she said it sounded like this.
last sunday, my father had to go to the heathrow airport to receive his uncle.
a library holds many books, magazines, movies, etc.
computers are also fun.
some people think that computers take up too much time for the important things.
so that proves computer is a great machine.
so as you can see computers are no good.
they help us in find , medical, research and to tell weather or not you have cancer.
a person who is doing sports generally developed special qualities such as patience, courage and senesce of responsibility.
also along his journey the cyclist encounters hills.
a semi hit him in the left side of his car.
computers are being made with webcams, or you can simply buy a detached one.
some experts say that people spend too much time on the computer and while that be true to some people, its not true to everyone.
it gave him a hopeless narration because there was no place to stop and depleting his water supply.
this is because i do not think children know as much as we do, so it will give them wrong ideas they have taken the wrong way.
if you keep it up now it not seem bad but hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes.
others prefer looking at it which would anger them if they were taken away.
he went the way the old men told him to take.
computer affect us in a negative way that can change the course of our life.
sensing their pitiable condition, the neighbours used to help them, by turns.
putting a ban on certain works could harm the flow of society.
for one, computers let people talk and socialize, even if they are on different sides of the planet.
the computers are faster than just writing.
the cyclist chose to ride through the worst terrain one can ride through.
in , everyone wants censorship.
or, the materials should be restricted or placed in a special section that only certain people have access to.
though my opinion will only count to myself i hope you will to stress the importance of computers in your future articles.
by outside, and enjoying nature, taking walks, runs, or even hikes, you can get your exercise.
without computers people could not learn.
the computer is an easy, convenient way to get information.
the features of a setting can make the cyclists trip either easier or harder.
how much easier could it get?
in libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather bad things people always feel welcome there.
instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go outside and exercise.
in many libraries, their inventory is being stripped for censorship.
with him running out of water, he is in real trouble.
the rest room, toilets, parcel room and the canteen are few
is very important to spend time with your family.
it has a very big bag in his stomach.
another feature that affected the cyclist was his lack of water.
computers are also good if your lazy.
with computers over in level is just a click (and or screen) away.
its that easy just one click and that saved you a twenty minuet ride to school.
but let someone express who they are through their likes and dislikes.
actually that made the author scared that maybe he was all alone in the desert with ghost town.
love for family and love for each other.
back in my military days, nothing helped better than talking.
they loved many people who they knew they could trust.
a library, however, is not just intended for adults, teenagers, or young children.
now, for one day you should track how many hours you are on the computer for your job.
this means that there will always be love and happiness in your home if you just respect your friends and your loved ones.
my daddy presented it to me on my eight birthdays it helps me cover distances in a short time.
also, you can interact with friends and family members, by email etc.
the cyclist was affected by the settings in a bad way but in the end was given a little help from a traditional map.
everyone has the right to read any book they want to.
(i know you are) and tell the world to not getting told by the computer what you can, and cant do, be the boss control.
others find some books, music, magazines, and movies offensive because of the terms people use.
no one should be able to decide what is appropriate for the public to know.
censorship would in libraries would not be the most best thing anyone should do.
a place where the citizens can check out books, music, movies, magazines and more.
there is nobody in the world that knows everything, but there are computers that do.
it is used in classrooms everywhere around the country for education.
that is why i believe she wanted to conclude her story this way.
it is not difficult to do, like writing a letter would be, so people can communicate more efficiently and easily.
in conclusion, computers do not benefit society.
i think it has affected me a lot today on who i am today.
and can only create a better person.
in these websites, people share their information.
when she says in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
she greatly emphasized warmth and safety.
also, the obstacles faced by the cyclist.
also, another bad affect from the features of the setting the cyclist is facing is, the rough road ahead he had to face.
in conclusion, technology will basically help you in the future well.
or to learn about places that you never been to before or would like to vacation to.
at the end, the team with more points wins the game.
people get addicted then they become lazy and eventually obese.
you will have to send a better by mail kids had be typing instead of writing.
but meeting new people can also be good.
the present world is a fast running one.
without air, our planet would be lifeless.
and how he had always told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing that i could have ever done.
who says children should be allowed in the adult sections?
plants and replant them in the field.
spending too much time on the computer is not healthy.
the terrain that he had to cross had many hills and the road was not in good condition.
and that was something that they could find in .
so when she sees the geese, and this symbolizes change.
the cyclist lost hope quickly because she was never saw any people or water on the way.
can you see now why i believe that having computers around is good.
many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way.
these are my personal views on why things should not be removed from shelves or anything else
there are millions of a job sites that would have to do with something of learning.
as a result the setting was related to the authors moods.
books can always be amazing things in how they take us to whole new worlds and how they enlighten us to new ideas we have never thought about before.
if there was though, they should just make an alternative section for books, music, movies, and magazines that some people think should be put there.
there is nowhere within sight that he can turn to for help, water, food or shelter.
if you wanted to get new friends or find anyone who go to your school and you might not now you look them up on your computer.
now then, as you know adults need to work a so most of the time if someone has to research something for work they could use a computer.
this caused the cyclist to become tired because after riding up and down your body gets tired.
there are educational websites to learn about things.
if people avoid their computers then we could be one of the fittest countries.
the old men probably had close to no due what they were talking about considering things have changed since (when carter was in office).
well that is not all true.
the library has over thousands of books and movies to choose from.
she can turn a negative attitude into a positive one when she says she will retake the test when the geese return and hibiscus is budding.
computers are really helpful.
he began to ride again.
but one must not censor libraries!
the cyclist had to endure the pain of dehydration and determination.
they would just cause problems and disturb the ones that do enjoy reading those types of books.
and without a computer all that would be very challenging.
this is all because of one little thing and that little things is the computer!
the internet is an extraordinary invention that is very simple and helpful to use.
this should not be allowed, yet it is.
authors and artists have freedom of speech to say whatever they want and libraries can not take that away from them
that would be taking the rights for people away because a person finds it offensive.
there is the oldies, country, jazz, hip hop, an etc.
or you can even webcam and actually see the person face to face!
when i use a computer, i am not addicted.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion they take time away from exercising.
we had a blast!
if a strict would happen to find a book on the extreme religion they could be offended.
by banning books, you are not being yourself you are conforming to what other people want.
if they limit the selling of these items to minors, these children will not have as many crimes all together.
dear , the computers that are being used, do have a positive effect on people.
people use censorship as a way to make themselves feel like their a good parent or that the world owes them something.
business and companies around the nation are relying on the advances in technology, why change anything?
some material have offensive comments that is sexual.
i strongly believe that all people should use a .
the place was real to!
in conclusion i do believe that humans have the right to read, watch, or listen to what they want.
the author concludes with this paragraph, to give a sense at hope and growth.
plus they can talk to other people.
another story that fits quite well into this topic is .
the author reveals gratefulness through what she tells her parents.
but if they just sit back and think about it, then it would be okay.
everyone the same rights, and if the first offended person uses them to bring down, then the right to do the exact same thing.
but this is why people become overweight and obese.
most kids use computers to learn about things they are doing in class.
if the government enforces the censorship law, people can not say what they want to or how they truly feel about a subject.
that is why there are restricted areas for children of certain age.
which needs to end now these beautiful land marks across the world are being wasted because hardly any ones looking at them.
it is not opinions or false claims in these , only fact.
in all the games some rules must be followed.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
statement was from .
kids in high school look up collages to get into when they are in like or grade.
in everyday life , teens on their cell phones , their computers listening to , music .
there are three main reasons why libraries should not be censored.
there were other features that would negatively affect the cyclist.
i think so.
if you ever wanted to go bowling but you never had the time you could play a game online.
there is also the compromise.
the hills he had to cycle also effected him.
i think the internet is a great thing, and it puts a effect on many people.
but then he finds a fish camp, goes in the bathroom to revive himself.
a child has no responsibilities.
in conclusion, personally i do not think censorship is necessary in libraries.
you never have to worry about not knowing whats going on.
jobs that would normally take hours of researching and calling can be done in minuets for less using the computer.
however, i do not believe they should be removed.
last, they even have the ability to locate missing people.
ever i get the chance i my best buddies instead of using the computer.
also most of kids parents can contact their teacher and email them to see how they are doing.
there are many words and concepts that have not be socially accepted of the centuries.
it describes a family growing and getting to love each other.
strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational.
you become more if you go more it gives you a chance to hang out with some neighborhood kids.
later we fear panic set in as these terrain becomes hilly and tumbleweeds and snakes cross the path.
the computer is common life everybody needs it or uses it in some way of form.
going outside in the winter can make students sick and miss days of school.
so read on to hear more.
they can be down right mean some times.
you can regain a true life back with them.
if you are going somewhere for, you can use the computer to find a plane.
of course a computer can be helpful.
but, they show how the character, writer, or singer feels when it was written without it having to state it.
he describes how these are the words to show his gratefulness toward his parents, and how he admires them both for leaving their hometown to raise a family.
this quote proves that the heat of the desert is taking a toll on him.
without being noticed.
for example, i know of many online colleges.
the in the story is happy this is because he got to move to the and be born hear for a better life.
people inhabit them, grow date palms, fruit and vegetable there.
she had no control over it.
the author talks about the hardship his parents had to endure to give him a better life.
wrote a book by the name .
well there you have it computers are good & bad we just have to be .
with the person lack of water anyone would be struggling to keep riding on.
and sometimes, that can get a little pricey, especially since you can get free at a library?
i let them tell me what they think would look better or would give more points.
finally, he came to another town, got some water and then left after going through ghost towns.
this causes him to feel a little unnerved as if something happened to him nobody would know about it.
this shows that he is dehydrated from the sun which is a feature of the setting.
you can do almost anything.
do something about it.
befriends a black man, , and shares experiences with him along the .
his book taught me a few things and made me think different about people.
you can make music and make money off of it.
we all decided to stay inside the house.
so they did.
flowers were blooming.
any place you want is at your.
when i was , my friend move to .
so get off the computer and hang with your family and friends.
then monkeys and elephants showed different feats of skill.
some things out there are just inappropriate for the world and all the people on it.
this test meant more to then she just failing.
if a child tries to check out a book and it seems to be over their age limit, they should not be allowed to have the book.
in the memoir, the author also tells about his extreme thankfulness towards his parents.
but then they also have uncensored items.
dear , i am writing to you to inform you that i agree with the followings said on the writing prompt.
music should not be taken away because it is just words and they should not hurt someone, especially when it is only a way to express.
are you wondering why the won the ?
guess what it can do better then censorship.
now is the time to make your decision on whether or not you think computers are giving a positive effect on people.
computers are used for many things like school work, planning that trip you always wanted to go to, and reading the latest news.
i only hope that you consider my ideas.
another issue computers cause is that people are spending less time with their families.
movies apply to the same rights and topics.
they also allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often.
first reason for say that people spend to much time on the computer is that people waste two much money on it.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
he had to travel a lot further then he had planned to.
some peoples might be talk to their family members.
that is why we should have computers and use more.
in addition, most people use computers.
get more copies of the book.
they want to fit each magazine personally to each individual.
i know a lot of people who love it though.
over the year the flower goes through phases dying then rebirth.
first, the geese and hibiscus both have a goal, which is to survive the winters.
do you think we should have censorship in our libraries?
and the way she talks to her mother.
then, he talks about his house and about how he had he had his birthday there.
some middle school through college & the rest of you life need to use computers.
in conclusion, computers are very beneficial to us.
almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends.
all of these books are educational, though some are harsh, and they should be used to show what is right and wrong.
these books, magazines, and movies are not good for anybody and should not be anywhere near libraries.
so to conclusion everyone has a right to their own opinion, no matter if it is offensive or not.
throughout the memoir he describes his parents like heroes and thanks them for everything they did for him.
he even maintains a sense of humor throughout, writing of a diary entry that would be left behind that remarks on the wisdom of old men.
this happens a lot to average people.
the setting is in a dessert so he needs lets of water, which he runs low on.
but when he sees the abandoned grape juice factory he becomes desperate and thinks he is going to die out in the desert.
the author concludes with this paragraph because the hibiscus brings her comfort from home and confidence.
one reason is that she is trying to overcome change and wants to make the situation better.
that is completely understandable.
well, the books are like the real world.
as i mentioned before, the book that was disturbing to me was interesting to others and vice versa.
those parents should just step up and be more strict about what their child can and cannot read.
you are begging to become overweight.
keep adult videos out of site and reach of children.
because of the humidity, the cyclist nearly ran out of water when he had to cycle up, short, rolling hills () in the hot weather.
that is why computers are so helpful.
it infringes our rights.
internet, , and libraries can all be under parents' supervision.
these have been many advancements on computer technology and there are people who are for it and there are people who are against it.
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
for example, if i logged onto & chat room, someone might ask for personal information such as where you live, your phone number & your name.
there are plenty of other readers out there that would like to read that book and to learn more about politics.
almost ever single book in the world is not factual, unless it is nonfiction.
those are all the reasons why i think computers are a good use.
there is a choice in the question paper.
without it they will have sloppy handwriting, absolutely no chance at sports, and much more.
do you remember roaming under the opera house with the phantom?
you can help by teaching them what is right or wrong good or bad.
, we have the laptop which is a portable computer we can take anywhere.
adding rough pavement, rusty water pumps, and not so friendly animals adds to the discomfort as well.
the music should only be something children are suppose too listen too things that are in their age group.
no one should say anything.
i think that is fine if you take them out.
also i could see what the news are, and i could contact teachers through the computer.
the cyclist was quickly worn out and started to loose hope in himself.
he is, and will always be, eternally grateful that his parents brought him here, so he could have a better life.
lastly, it might let someone feel better about themselves.
they might start doing something else or get answers for something they can do without the computer.
this will give her more time to learn & study & hopefully her head will be more focused instead of thinking about her home.
all these things can be helpful and all you have to do is take in it and take advantage of free information that is given to you.
the things i, and many others, believe should be censored are; profanity, violence, and offensiveness toward race, religion, and gender.
so how are we suppose to know what offends who?
when your on the computer your not talking to people and becoming social and you could loose connections with you friend and your family.
they can teach a whole new language, or help you understand the science lesson better.
my third reason to why i feel we should keep computers is.
by seeing all of those plants again especially the hibiscus she can draw strength from the memories she has.
in recent years studies show that children that use the computer often are less likely and less willing to get active.
i believe that censorship is rarely acceptable, and certainly not in libraries, at school or otherwise.
the author explained how her parents were very courageous and brave for leaving their home land.
he might learn tips from the magazine, or find some new gear that he thinks could be useful.
computers are one of the best things that has happened to me and my life.
i never want my kids to listen to bad songs like that, i want them to be responsible and not listen to terrible songs.
the should put this to use.
for instance, most front page content is about the wars and hostility in the world.
some people who are obsessed, it can be problematic.
so let it be the parent choice of what there child can see.
when thinking about a topic like this you must look at a greater picture.
he finally found a town with water, but learned his lesson from taking advice from strangers and old men.
other then likes and dislikes is the problem of offensiveness.
everyone has their own opinion about what should or should not be placed in books.
you will become less active.
the setting of the short cut affected the cyclist in many ways.
you can do all this on the computer and more.
there are all kinds of computers, but they all do the same thing.
in my opinion i think that computers have nothing to do with people having lack of exercise or sleep.
that is why censorship should never be able to remove a piece of literature from any shelf.
i think some people just get offended too easily.
people are actually sharing their memories with each other, all thanks for the computer.
it is our life.
these people can offend you.
example is this sight was troubling.
the fairies stood around me.
sometimes your closest friends are across the country & you want to talk to them.
the end of this story combines the two different, countries, cultures and almost worlds her life is from.
libraries were made to give people the chance to be inspired.
i just fully believe open content is allowed at certain ages, depending on the content.
when it comes down to it people are just going to have to get over not having their way, because they want a book removed from the shelf.
many people complain about small things like that when the reading material could be a lot worse than it is.
and then when comes, a computer can be great not to worry about not having enough time to go and.
i am also afraid to tell you that i have seen a censorship problem with our public libraries.
if the source is something more adult then it should be placed in a section that is labeled or supported by information that says so.
internet helps people in meany ways.
they even decided to check the magazine out.
i think they are good because they help kids with social skills, they help people with bad handwriting and they help people learn about things around the world.
last - but (at the risk of sounding cliched) definitely not the least - computers are very powerful research tools.
for years now people have wanted books that are read in school to be censored for bad language.
there are infinite numbers of information in the world and computers help find it.
most books on sex teaches you the right and wrong things to do and how to stay self.
do you know that square box with a screen on ?
once she sees the plant in bloom she`ll know that she can take the test again.
all had to focus on was accomplishing his task.
if you show a woman that same piece of clothing, she will have more than two opinions about the piece of clothing.
when she says, when they come back, she is referring to the geese.
we should censor the libraries so that nobody gets hurt
he was looking on what seemed like a very official site to purchase a big boat.
people should be able to read whatever they want, offensive or not.
local newspaper, i think that computers have a huge affect on people.
sure we have a right to remove that book but there are a lot things that are going to offend people.
some people like the music genre called rap which does have some strong language in it but its your choice to listen to it.
or endless canyons needs to enjoy nature more, computer should not be in their way.
by her saying this and talking about how she failed her driving test come spring she can change.
all of the things that a computer can do are great.
reduced stress trading to confidence effect on society.
one specific type of person does not go to the library.
nobody wants to talk and a great way to present this.
one reason is that she will have more experience with her new country.
they have for legs and a small tail.
libraries do you go to libraries?
the reader feels this love when reading the line.
my point is these games are teaching the kids nothing.
now a days you can do anything on a computer.
last, i think another theme of this excerpt was heart felt.
its not what some store owners or library owners like in some cases, but its not about what they like.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affect the cyclist.
i have noticed that a lot of teens around my age are starting to become obsessed with being on the computer.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy and warm.
i like to keep the teddy near me when i am at home.
another big is those stupid online games.
its easier now.
which will be bring yo my next topic.
magazines can also be offensive because of the things inside of the magazine.
race wars can get bad, people all around the world are fighting just because the color of there skin.
some people that go online to research stuff are probable being lied to maybe someones just messing with them.
which person has the benefit in situation?
i think they should be able to keep them.
there are so many different types of reading and music that many people enjoy as a hobby.
of student study in computers and they learn about thing that they never knew.
we are also able to talk online with other people who we might have not met otherwise.
so come and see why computers are a good choice to have and use.
however when he came to the next town and attempted to use the water pump, a rather hot, foul liquid came up instead of water.
i feel the computers is contributing to the problem.
we lead pessimistic lifestyles.
on several occasions, my family have planned trips together even though we live across the continent.
that is one reason why children from the ages and up are obese.
also, the story says.
made the observation that most people would not think far enough to realize.
libraries need to take control and show they know how to present things to the public in a proper manner.
when people bought his records in the , they had to be covered or placed in brown papered bags.
being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world.
no one is ever going to be able to control what our youth see.
lastly people can learn about where their family corner form.
let your children read a book with lots of pictures and color.
the spring is a time for archetypal rebirth.
furthermore, many colleges offer their courses online.
when the snows melt and the geese return she is saying that after winter (when the snows melts) and when the geese return(in spring).
and probably makes him wonder if he is ever going to make it to a town.
you could have been apart of those memories.
i heard a couple nights ago that had an earthquake.
he could not swim across the lake.
there are words spoken that will offend many!
that is what i think was the mood of the memoir created by the author is.
setting plays a crucial part in the cyclists mood and energy.
if i owned a library, i would be upset if a customer removed a book off a shelf, because they would be interfering with my business.
some people are becoming concerned about the materials in libraries.
everyone has different taste, we wont ever agree on anything.
the reason for this is that if a man gets shot in the leg and all he said was,' !!'
when you think of a book do you think happy kids books, or mysterious dark books?
if you think books should be censored, then think about this.
there is no one around to give him a drink of water.
just like parents, librarians will try to find an educational book that the child enjoy.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
we should not disturb others.
she knew what it was like when she was young.
due to unavoidable circumstances, i had not been able to do any revision.
i think libraries should only have family oriented movies.
once the plant is bloomed she feels like she would as well and be ready for the test.
people can chose to quit listening to a song, quit watching a movie, or quit reading a book or magazine that they find offensive.
so think are you for or against censorship.
computers is one of mans greatest accomplishments.
they are causing a variety of problems in peoples health, mind, etc.
so this is why i think computers are a good thing.
the heat and uninhabited canal was the biggest struggle for the cyclist.
they can persuade one in ways that is unbelievable.
then we slowly begin to get unhealthy.
also, they can do jobs and processes very quickly, which is important in the workplace.
studies state that addiction is almost as bad as smoking addiction.
the tumble weeds gave you no hope of getting any where and the snakes and vultures just eating you after you died.
they blocked books because they thought that it would show a side of things to children that they did not want them to see.
now lets think does that sound fair.
along with the dry air, there is dry land, which means there is no place to stop for water or take a .
not to mention, typing a paper is a lot neater.
so get right up and decide.
lastly, there can be limits set so no more worrying about to much time spent on the computers.
he plays games the time.
in , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require.
this is needed, especially in school.
for this reason, we cannot censor libraries.
there are no loud or emphasized parts.
geese have to overcome the cold by flying south for the winter.
now, not only did we talk to them, but we also get to see them too.
his environment and the features of the land have made him tired and thirsty.
the only thing he could feel was the sun beating down on his back.
it would be virtually impossible to remove all aspects of media that could be found offensive, because almost everyone is offended by something.
they said that the earth goes around the sun.
there was a sign that posted a max speed limit.
seeing this plant again makes her remember memories from her homeland.
the author concludes the story with this because the girl in the story is almost like the flower itself.
the safety of children is also important.
people are reading articles, and book and believing every bit of what they read or write or even hear on their radio in recent times.
the other day though, i started thinking about it.
when a book is so vulgar people begin to protest the book, there are questions as to whether the book should remain on library shelves.
sometimes when you go there, you have to have a reason to be there.
the biker was taking an unfamiliar route and he let himself believe he would die.
if i can do you can do too!
people have to write their work on a piece of paper.
it was a lovely evening.
people find different things offensive that others do not.
ambition has the top priority in the life of every man.
if libraries were filled with tasteless articles and perfect fairyland books the library would become a place where reality is not present.
it sounded like everyone worked together there and helped each other out.
this site was trebling.
whenever i have spare time, i go to my small garden.
so they can live in a house.
they are used as medicine.
in conclusion, this is the reason the author concluded the paragraph with this sentence.
the computer gives us access to a lot of knowledge, and will make us more of people around the world.
the movie and song rating system is a form of censorship i believe to be needed.
because people with jobs most of the time have use or have computer.
however, some of this material is not suitable for some viewers and can be very offensive to them.
buses are always overcrowded during peak times.
nobody should believe that we have the choice to take books off the shelves of a library.
if you go on the internet you can go and searching person or place and the computer will find it for you.
next time you are picking out a book, and you find it offensive, think about how other people might want to read it.
his mother was a chemical .
there is good old fashioned music such as .
like me , a chance to say whats on their mind.
there are two books that i read called the and .
also, if a person has a problem with books or any other sources then complain but the libraries should not remove it from the shelf.
once, my class was assigned to do a book project.
i understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help.
another reason computers could lower your quality of life.
just keep the peace and give everyone what they want.
the only person who should have a say in getting rid of a book would have to be the librarian.
also, we would be revoking the right given to us of free speech.
tens of thousands of stamp dealers supply them with stamps along with stamps albums, catalogues and other publications.
but yes take with caution there are some magazines out there that your children should never look at till adults.
this is a threat to any living creature.
thanks for reading them and have a nice day.
you would just sit there looking at the computer all day.
there was no sign of hope.
also in the text, when, over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view, hope was replenished into the cyclist.
so computers do have a good point to it.
some of these effects include developing skills to help people for present or future, getting a better education and helping people to become more social.
or how would we learn about the places we want to see, and the places we want to stay away from?
she makes sure all books are returned to the library on time.
trying to act better than every cause your to high class to read something like that.
he was a guy of color and he was complaining because he read a book about slaves.
in my opinion, i think that, yes, they do have a positive effect on people.
but to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination.
after school hours, a lot of teenagers in our community enjoy going to the library.
like i said before if libraries take away offensive material book, its like taking away a good book from a reader.
the author is merely taking advantage of their freedom of speech.
even though they are found offensive to someone, someone else could use that material for a paper or project.
the libraries are supposed to make sure your years of age before you check out a rated movie.
firstly, spending too much time on the computer affects your activity level.
they use their tail for swimming.
more than half the world have these communication source because one it easier and you get more of your mind.
i believe that is only helping the world on a day today basis.
last my friend on a business trip the was for weeks she missed him a lot mom let she was able to would have a telephone call.
its your choice decide.
when the snow melts you can see the grass again which is a sign of life.
the right to decide what is and is not appropriate for us should not be decided by libraries.
alert!!!
first, the memoir creates a happy mood.
nearly everyone in has a computer, about , and is ruining our country.
staying on the computer does not help the situation.
cousin lives in and the only way i can ever talk to him is through a computer.
this sets similarities from their old home to their new home.
next reason is, being on the computer too much can effect most peoples grades.
are you a person who likes to enjoy nature?
he dusts the principal’s office and the staff room.
they can only do something about their children are doing.
in the story the narrator says, she lifted her head.
going back to my introduction my first reason was you can find stuff online.
dear readers of the local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
the features of the setting very much affect the cyclist.
love is shown a lot through family in this memoir.
although, there are much stronger reasons as to why computers have a positive effect on people.
computers can also be addicting.
yes, books, magazines, movies and music should be left off the shelf if offensive.
he sees everything as the old men told him.
libraries are a reading playground for not only our children but friends and family as well.
like go to the moon!
less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on or .
sure they can mail it out but that would take forever for people to find out about it and learn about it.
some people even on them to stay in touch with family or at war.
hence, it is essential to bring an awareness of computers among the common people.
under the conditions he could barely survive and make it to his destination.
they can submerge themselves into obesity.
but, you can also talk to your friends too.
the mood of the cooking, family coming together, and of the cheerful music is just great.
because that is getting away from what the over all message is about.
just because you do not agree with every little thing that someone writes, does not mean that someone else in the world does not.
at the end, he thanks his parents for everything.
as a result of the internet, people are smarter.
also how she is changing her mind about the plant and the fact that even though its not the same, it can still have meaning.
this memoir gives me a sort of cozy and comfortable feeling.
in the desert his water tasted like the flavor of battery acid.
especially with fast food playing a role.
as you can see.
you would be amazed on the amount and different things people can get offended by.
it was because of the different things that were happening in this community, and more importantly the house.
i remember when my friend was over and i was on a computer.
the last feature that affected the cyclist was all of the hills in his road.
he describes them, as well as others in their community, as honest, hardworking, selfless people.
yes, i believe that books, movies, music, and magazines should be removed off the shelf if they are offensive and inappropriate.
there are a bunch of games, to play, or videos to watch.
it happens every day, every place.
this is why the author concluded that way.
families that are separated because one have moved out of the house recently might want to communicate with one another, and because of computers, they can.
that is just a few out of the hundreds of different things there is to do.
make your nearest library have age limits on what the little young ones can read.
students can devote time to their favorite pursuits.
lastly, humidity, because it can be hot but then the humidity comes into plan and makes the sky more dry and seen hotter than it usually is.
children are more likely to read a book that they are interested in.
a material should not be taken off of a shelve just because one person is offended by it.
you can tell a friend that you cant it to there party.
if everyone in this world opened their mind people would become more accepting of others.
i was little i rarely ever went on the computer.
take my friend for example.
you can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working.
i know that i think they are a great to we are lucky to have them.
oftentimes parallels can be drawn between the wild and the tamed.
it is great.
we will get our education online.
owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too.
computers allow students to research faster, and with more accuracy by being able to search for key words.
as you know, forest are being chopped down and pollution is destroying our world.
you could just sit down type in a few things, and get all the information you need, and more!
what did you think about that?
books can be a magical place for children, as well as adults, to go and create their own world.
we have the choice to pick what we read and listen to.
are computers benefiting society?
bring back the feelings of what the library brought to you when you were a child.
well i have can be easily uploaded in a matter of minutes.
kidnappings are caused because to much information on the internet, do you want that for your child.
most of these books resulting to violence.
computers are making that happen quicker.
for example my mom runs miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer.
sometimes you need a brake you cant stay on the computer all the time.
computers are essential to our present day lives.
its amazing how easy it is to talk with other people with the computer.
i believe that it is not the authors fault for the offensive language in their work.
take my advice and buy a .
why is this magazine in the library with risky pictures?
parents need to watch what there kids read and watch on a daily basis.
there are many out there who take great interest in learning other languages.
for instance, what is offensive in one book not be offensive to someone else who would benefit from reading it.
children all over the world read books and as time goes on, our children are becoming more and more advanced and read on higher levels.
i think that this was a really good mood to set in a story.
is a largely debated question.
also he says, at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
if the reading materials are already in the classroom they should not be removed.
there will be movies and material specifically designed for a mature an older age group.
dear , computers play a huge role in society.
the kid might see something that is bad or might see a lot of violence.
some materials are very offensive, but should they be taken off the shelves of our very own libraries?
that was what i thought about when i was tempted to actually remove them.
this is show when he says.
people have to learn to just limit their time.
censoring something not only hurts the person who created it but hurts everyone else.
another reason why is that a school project or essay.
my first reason why computers are good is that you communicate with other people.
the bumpy roods and hills make him work harder.
computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places.
although, there are other things that can be found in the library as well.
she became very lazy.
why should libraries have one?
what do you see?
in the story, there are many features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
how cool would that be?
a man tells many lies and tries to prove that he following the path of truth.
this made the cyclist very lonely and they started to lose hope of finding water.
you can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on .
all great men of the world were very hard-working persons.
also they have to pay and odd dollars on the bill to keep the connection.
another reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because you could get in trouble.
as was previously stated, once every person pulls what they deem should not be on shelves, the library will be but a building without books.
statistics show that of all children who are permitted to talk with friends, out of school stay off of drugs and promote a stronger education and grades.
something she needed at such an ugly time for her.
books are incapable of judgment.
for instance; she states over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view.
i can give you good reasons why.
in paragraph , this is where the first introduces the custom of his house.
letting censorship of our libraries take place will violate a basic constitutional right, plain and simple.
this is why the author ended the story in the manner that she did.
also, those been who suicide because they were bulled on the .
they need to be up and active.
parties, lunch breaks, or even a family dinner are great times to socialize.
television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer.
my first, reason i think we should keep computers because it helps people with there hand eyes coordination for jobs.
after all the world is a very diverse place and we were not all made the same.
in , he says how his parents left everything they loved to give the author a better life in .
benefits that game help?
you please some with this idea but you will also anger others with this action.
this shows the emotions the author felt growing up.
our country has many problems, but a few of them are the core values that are upheld in the .
you can learn about many new places with a .
so i think next time shell do great.
never, will one book bind the world.
in the states also be to read about , , and how we have a wonderful state.
some driving schools even make their students learn to drive in a simulator before hitting the open road.
you could just move the mouse to a spot on the screen and no what to do.
whose to say what is appropriate for whom?
interacting with friends & family is better than talk thru the computer.
i am sure people would find my choice of books offensive or bad and would like to remove them from shelves.
the memoir expresses a positive mood and their are no signs, at all, of negativity throughout the memoir.
also, authors and directors need to be able to express themselves.
another great things about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people.
this solution will prevent anyone from seeing something that offends them.
the years computers helped us with almost everything.
someone else from my community could have the same trait of thought i have when reading a scary book.
if someone does not like a book and it becomes banned from a library, then everyone will want to have a book that they do not like banned.
i am writing in which computers are a bad thing to the society or good thing.
computers are fun for many different reasons.
also people can learn about faraway places.
one day, her mother bought her a laptop.
if we censor certain materials we began to forget key parts of history.
for example, the sun was beginning to beat down.
he was grateful because of the sacrifice (moving to the us) his parents did for him.
you will never know because everyone has there own and who knows whose opinion is right.
the world would be empty because there is always something that a person sees as offensive.
you stop using computers, you deny yourself this magnificent way communicating!
people stand there and stare at a book and ask themselves, ' in the world is this book here?'
computers make things easier for people, but they are also too dependent on.
but out of my likes i have five on the top.
the government of the needs to crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional.
almost every city in the has a public library.
censoring on some things like, sex scenes in movies, or maybe vulgar language in music is alright in my opinion.
first of all, freedom of speech is very important to the people of the .
producers and authors can publish whatever they would like.
the child will probably want something that relates to a television show or a movie of some sort.
lastly, computers are useful and should be useful more.
the author concludes this story the way she does to say that the girl not going to give up on trying to fit in this new country.
of the newspaper, i hope you and the rest of the community can see that computer help you more that they hurt you.
the public has to accept those choices.
for example you have to a project on .
those people do not have to read books that they find offensive.
every other kid got a or above but since i was not use to writing it affected my grade.
everybody has there own opinion on the matter.
it is the season of picnics and outings.
if we did not have this ability we will not be able to know what is going on around the world.
this reminds me of the time when are of my idols died.
but we have to computer become we have to because we need.
the only thing the kid will want to do is play on the computer and he will gain weight.
we should always think about the results before we say or do something.
what do you think about books?
obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world.
if you have family or friends that live far away or in another country, then you can communicate them by computers.
in which case they can find a good classic to read or maybe pick up that dusty off the shelf.
if people think some kind of music is offensive, then they should not listen to it.
this does not exempt writers or artist who occasionally, or more than occasionally, include explicit content in their works.
even if the book is filled with drugs or nudity, the concerned parent cannot just take actions into their own hands.
then you will love the .
are you a parent that wants to know how their child is doing in school?
books must be read, we must give our consent to their knowledge.
this shows he is very aware all his parents did for him and makes him truly happy knowing they care for him that much.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit the cyclist is affected in many ways by his surrounding settings.
which leading to death or jail .
while being helped in return.
just imagine how much time you are saving by using the computer.
get up off of your comfy computer chairs and take a walk.
he figured that one would not hurt.
the library could also put a warning on it if they think the content of the material is too harsh.
like in the movie they are beating up and killing people just because they are colored.
parent want to let their children to learn much as possible.
is a huge thing to worry about kids all over are on their computer than outside.
my brother listened to rap, alternative, and even songs that were in musicals because he was in show choir.
an ideal citizen does not cheat the government.
does this make any sense?
we saw that a man was getting drowned in the lake.
computer also allow you to check the news and weather.
seeing those words in a book will make that person think wrong things about the library and put the wrong words in their head.
the thing about these is they are displayed in different ways such as music.
the public suffers and their own work also suffers.
first, reason for agreeing is because some books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
they allow easier research, i can learn about other countries, and can talk to people online.
you are sitting in a chair all day then you get no exercise what so ever.
therefore, computers are very positive, since of use them now positively, why stop?
if this is true then our world will have nothing because not everyone likes one certain thing.
anyone can have a beautiful heart and that will shine through more than anything else.
what would you say if there was nothing left on the shelves to read, listen to, or to watch?
until she start losing her her job.
the bad part about censorship is that it can offend people very easily.
in conclusion, i think that we should have computers.
i just think that spending time with your family is important.
newspapers are useful to everybody.
i am one of those people.
to you it be offensive, but to others its hilarious.
in conclusion, the setting in the story greatly affects the cyclist by changing his moods and attitude towards his journey.
many people find certain books, music, or magazines offensive or inappropriate for some young reads.
the weather land and surrounding objects really determined the cyclists mood and ability.
as an , every man has the right to do or read what he wants.
well people have the right to look at what they want, to hear what they want.
the only problem is that there have been some complaints from my friends and families about the books.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was love.
censorship in libraries should not be mandated.
for example, when the cyclist notices nothing in sight, his tone changes.
this program lets students view the interesting way world cultures in videos!
my mother made hot tomato soup for us.
movie contains a profanity every other word, so it seems.
that is why she is waiting till spring to try again.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
so many people abuse themselves staying on to long.
also the mood was good because they came got an apartment and at the end every ones happy because it became their home.
they looked really good it was an action type movie, so i asked the boy if i could see the movie really fast.
the situations in this novel are ones that could be real.
i think the only real people that can remove a book for the shelves is the managers or manager if they agree with the patron.
do you ever get bored and have nothing to do ?
i went onto my computer yesterday and what do you think happened?
and they can look up whatever they like.
with this it shows that a person can not let one small thing ruin something for everyone else
so i decided not to remove the books from the shelves, so the people who did not find them offensive could read them, if they wanted to.
another example of library rentals that can be harmful to developing minds are .
i think the mood the author set is loving.
they should also be allowed to find it in their local public libraries.
the third reason they should keep materials is because everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
we learned a lot from this fair.
there is no absolute, divine being that can accurately judge a material.
many other people use it for these reasons too.
all of my experience, observations, and reading have told me one thing.
they just think think my way is the right way and the only way.
it was hard for him to keep going, being dehydrated so bad but he had to.
in front of a all does not support you with the natural urge to exercise.
this music is able to be accessed on many computers, especially in public, town libraries.
have we grown lazy to do such a thing as to get up and look through a book.
that is why the author concludes that statement.
you walk in and take a piece.
post offices are very useful to the citizens.
they are useful to us in many ways.
the author is showing that he knows how immigrants come to .
my first reason why people should spend less time on their computer is people could get sick.
there is a lot of material in libraries that should be censored from children.
you can learn about everything on the internet and it is quite amazing.
he needs to use more energy to get over the hills.
that being the first time ever being on that rode and having only not of date knowledge about it made the cyclist rework.
there be children who look through that same section, although their parents should be monitoring what they are checking out at their local libraries.
also he was given wrong
hard work is the key to success.
you have a family?
dear local newspaper, i think that computers effect people in a positive way.
computers are helping the world become a better educated, connected, and informed world.
this is showing you an image of just how hot the climate he is in.
the kids need to step up for a change!
books are a major factor in expressing the way one feels about a topic from romance to horror.
an age restriction of thirteen years and up would be a responsible decision.
as a country, has more obese people each decade.
if they have a complaint then they should just keep it to themselves and not ruin the chance for others to check them out.
many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences.
in conclusion, computers are a great resource that are often wrongly portrayed in a bad light.
certain materials such as magazines and movies that are rated for instance, should be placed elsewhere on the shelves immediately.
many people like movies with drugs, and violence.
so the internet is giving you a great opportunity to learn more about or earth, other than your back yard.
i love to go to the market as my mother busy me goodies like candies and cakes.
by saying this, i do not think music should be taken out of libraries either.
upon seeing it, she is overcome with childhood memories and sentimentality.
yes its true computers helps you learn things you not have known before, but so do books, newspapers and magazines.
he was the president.
other material could be a fiction story filled with action, horror, or love.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines and other thing can be removed from the shelf.
the library where i live has sections for children, teens, and adults so that is no confusion or concern of the content of the book.
if someone does not stop the harsh comments, then it never stop.
and go on the computer.
but, if you take off stuff that can be offensive to others then that means you would have to take off the items.
well then i could get a franchise closed because it offends me.
the computer is a very valuable too!
this goes against all our morals.
could tell that his parents love him very much and is grateful for that.
if a wealthy person is not healthy, he cannot enjoy life.
that is just another example why the computer has a positive effect.
for example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them.
when they need to be working on their they get distracted and start to go and their own thing.
with no computers, how would you download music to an ?
we need them to learn about the dangers of alcohol, not how to get drunk and what you do when your drunk.
books can be used for many things.
computers are wonderful.
you can learn about history, sports, you can learn about current events in the world.
he loves me too.
everyone was in a hurry.
but with books you should be find with your own choice at the age of .
i had never seen such a beautiful place, and so i was very excited.
everyone is cheering you on.
he was also happy because his house was not just a house it was a home.
that shows that he is grateful to have friends and family.
it did this because some of its included feature can seem as actual metaphorically based moods.
these items should be taken off the shelves if found offensive.
first of all, i know many people think that others wasted their time on computers.
parents can usually monitor what their kids check out.
there are just too many things that can be taken offensively.
some people agrees that it benefit the society and others disagree.
first off, he is cycling in the hot, dry, desert.
have enough rest both mentally and physically, and have a good sleep.
you can go to a different store for enjoyment.
books now have a lot of crude text and humor.
i think all of these things are offensive.
he goes from one street to another to sell his wares.
this also shows she is determined because even though she failed the test once she is going it to try again.
we all need to enjoy nature more.
another reason why inappropriate materials should not be publicly displayed is, children.
they have great ideas and thoughts expressed through these amazing pieces of word art.
they are good at students too.
well i believe that having computers around are good because.
the cool pines and rushing rivers this is saying the pines and rivers helped him forget the sun.
but are they are bad for individuals to use as people say they are.
these changes in terrain played into the fact that the weather did not cooperate.
this shows how close and kind the neighborhood around the house was.
it is also a great learning technique for research.
lack of good food, good homes, and poverty are some of them.
he had to leave and go back to .
i believe this because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online.
so let us hope that all though we play with the idea of censorship, that we never go down that winding road to no where
but i being a student of class ix, did not have to face that difficulty any more.
in conclusion, libraries should be extra careful in their media choices.
the main way of being social these days, other than texting, is to chat online with friends.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
this is not always good.
though online activity can be helpful spending too much time can be harmful.
what then will you do?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making it more difficult to ride.
science fiction, thriller, romance, how to build a car with household materials and many more topics all await you at your nearest bookstore or library.
these all gives off the soft sense, meaning nice and thankful
the mood created by the author in this memoir is love.
what ever happened to grounding them from going to hang out with their friends or just playing outside?
you can talk to people the faraway you lose.
lots of jobs ask technological skills in order to be hired; so having a computer when younger automatically prepares young adults life.
they sit there like lumps.
recently, there has been debate about whether or not computers benefit society.
well, on the computer you can talk online to your friends.
experiencing all of that sadness again will only make her stronger.
the computer allows me to do everything i need.
however, so the show will melt and her sorrow will go away.
that does not mean we need to completely remove those materials from libraries though.
so, yes, computers are good for people.
do i think offensive reading materials should be taken off the shelves in libraries?
one way is that when you are online and you see something you like or want to see even bigger, you move the mouse and click.
type of censorship also allows for a parent to choose if their child can see it.
i think it good to have computers because when your younger and no more friends you have been really to them but you with them.
a child pick up a book, start reading, and discover some disturbing thoughts that they never would have encountered beyond picking up that book.
why cant the world be more open?
because, more than likely there will be a better way.
in school you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years.
on page he says, i could drop from heatstroke meaning hes starting to think of the worse possible things that could happen.
parents are responsible for their children, not only when it comes to providing food and shelter, but also when their children are viewing inappropriate or offensive material.
it also causes individuals to feel bad about themselves.
dear , i have heard the concern of many scientists about computers.
in the beginning of the story we learn that the main character has failed her drivers test.
he had great memories of the kitchen smelling good.
throughout the year, use billions of sheets of paper to write letters.
being stuck in our town unaware of the rest of the world, unable to enjoy the beauty of or send help to the starving people in .
in conclusion, no, i do not think libraries should be censored.
that can get you identity stolen.
this feeling of gratefulness contributes to the warm, happy feel of the piece.
its now called an email.
an other reason why is educational is because you can type your paper on so your teacher can actually read your handwriting.
to the press.
in the last book, , it has a lot of profanity in it.
lastly the computer can save lives.
people love them and use them all the time.
the time has come to decide weather people spending a lot of time on the computer is a bad thing or not.
if i was unable to do what i like to do i would probably be angry or depressed.
the book should simply be put in a spot either behind the counter or where it is available only on request.
his parents are loving people and so is .
sometimes, enjoying nature can be difficult but if we all look closer it can be really fun.
see, now you heard it from the expert as well.
this is supposed to be a democracy, not a dictatorship.
this is how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
if you ban books , more likely than not, your favorite book would get banned.
first of all, children and people at home and at school use computers for learning purposes.
this means that years from now the world addiction to computers could be at or greater.
the library should only take off the items that regular visitors to the library ask for.
now imagine if computers faded away?
if we limit these items we see positive results.
they give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, teach hand eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other.
censorship should be stopped before it ruins the quality of all the media.
we need to get people moving and exercising.
second some people would try to band a book just to start drama.
new technology such as computers, can help us with that skill, we should use it.
had the idea of the world not being flat and that he could sail all the way around the world without falling off of it.
with one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world.
this setting affected the character mood.
the two others will be about your friends and family.
people were throwing water on the fire.
we have the right to take down the books but why should we.
being able to use a computer really boosted my grade in science.
first reason is people are losing time.
therefore i encourage you to support computers, because they are so useful and valuable.
the world is a public place and everywhere we go, something might be found offensive.
i grow some vegetables also in my garden.
there has been a problem with censorship in libraries recently.
i am the fifth child of my parents.
it helps everyone altogether not to worry about what wrong things their kids are doing, or how they snatched the wrong idea.
music should be listen to and movies should be watched.
the pebbles aloud him to keep his mouth moist and not think so much of his thirst.
the part where he has no shade has to suck because he has the sun beating down on him all the time.
is happy in that memoir because only revisits memories that was fond of.
computers have a great affect on people seeing as it allows people to talk and interact with one another.
i had to wait for over an hour just to get on the computer to look information up.
the idea is simply unfair.
the library is there for knowledge and entertainment.
these groups of people have a right to choose what material it is that they want to read, watch, or listen to.
another reason that the internet is helpful is for jobs.
you can find great low prices on travel agencies on the computer.
i went on about how my dad would not care if i bought this game.
if you do not want your children reading or hearing certain things, then tell them so.
the cyclist is very hot.
if everyone begins to complain and argue of what is being put on shelves in libraries.
everywhere you go you can find these items.
people use offensive things all the time but not everyone means to insult anyone in any way.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist in the story.
instead of letting the facts be the facts people want to adjust things so it is less offensive.
a computer is very addicting people stay up on it for hours.
it was important to express this again.
my second reason why, is because if you have a webcam and some of your relatives live very far away you can see them when ever you want.
you can use a phone instead and call them.
the author shows a willingness to try harder in this story.
people’s hobbies differ very much according to the character of the person himself.
the environment around people in certain situations can affect them in many ways.
do anything but interact on the computer when all you see is typed words writing back to you.
this story makes me think of my dad because when things go wrong he can always make a joke or find the bright side of the story.
there should not and the key reason as to why is because it is history.
the way you interpret the paragraph gives you different ideas about what it is trying to say.
rather if it was to do with people thoughts on religious, race or any other thing that has been offensive to anyone in the past.
we can learn about many cultures with it.
reading is something people choose to do for their own entertainment, for their enjoyment, to gain personal knowledge and many other reasons.
if the players start disobeying the captain, there will be anarchy in the field.
just picture it two girls, is mad at herself and at the world and hates a tape about angles.
if anything they help together!
she looks at her hibiscus she will have found memories but not be sad.
in addition jobs have been lost from this had economy.
when i go home, usually i go straight to my computer like most teenagers do.
to this off, it would be nice for people to take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for so long.
sometimes, though cellphones lose signal.
on many sites on the internet, set up person locators.
its not a pretty site, accept the things that we have now and use them to the best of your ability.
that puts him in more despair, because he could get hurt by a wild animal, or run out of water with no place to go get more !
second reason that it teach hand eye coordination.
however, this does not mean that the libraries of should get rid of these books, videos, etc.
so if the hibiscus is budding it is starting a new beginning she feels that she will be able to do the same.
yet, my brothers are influenced by things, such as the media, to say them.
(not finished!!!)
now, we can learn about anything we want, talk with people on the other side of the world, and even advance in other areas of technology.
since the beginning there has always been someone who is offended by certain media.
the author ends it like this because she is looking towards the future.
who knows what you can learn.
i feel like censorship is wrong.
do you think that books, music, movies, magazines and other media material in libraries should be censored?
some students showed gymnastic exercises.
the had to make room for other books.
that is why they have sections for the books, but there are times people are rude and mix them up on purpose.
so over all i say computers are good and very useful when used in the right hands.
books about murder should also be allowed to be read, but not by children under twelve.
example, i went to to pick up a few items a party.
in conclusion, computers provide an abundances of uses.
right from the very early stages a dog is perhaps the only animal who has helped mankind the most.
computers help kids too.
all computers are equipped with a video camera and you can buy one if you have a .
the author is also trying to create a comforting mood.
it can make what any seam a hard time into a good just by finding your loved one.
if we started removing books, movies etc.
so computer have chipped into that.
another good reason to be able to use the or computer is you can talk to family members who joined the .
kids talk to people, how do they know who they really are?
also, nature becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind.
if you find any material offensive then maybe you should think in your head of ways to make an argument to prove the authors that they are wrong.
thinking about her grandmother helps her to survive for better, helps her want to succeed in her new home.
getting work done can sometimes feel like another chore.
i do not agree because, the books should not be gone for good.
they have recent events that happen around the country and around the world.
they help us with homework, let us talk to friends, and even help us do our projects!
this show is an example of what could happen if you become exactly like her.
what move could.
in short, censorship is a harmful practice that should never be used.
people have the right to express themselves.
this would change the world for the better.
but its also making there life very in healthy.
in that part i can tell that she is already starting to change.
all you will need to multi task like at a library you need to find a book and talk to people.
i think if their was no technology kids these days wont be beast.
it is one of the wonders of the world.
especially he is grateful for how his parents turned his simple house into a home.
i work with a spade and hoe every morning and evening in my small garden.
there is more to often in use than going on the computer.
kids should get off the computer and worry about school.
it all come down to power and who was willing enough to take it.
clearly, computers have become a part of every day life.
also knowing about the different cultures of the people in far away places gives people a better perspective of the world they live in.
of kids chose to go on the computer than to exercise.
we stayed there all weekend.
it is never right to tell people what they can or can not know.
lastly you will eventually want to go outside after visiting websites that show you moments and gardens of this world.
it is only when people begin to abuse their power and censor materials that should not be censored that problems arise.
take my word for it.
anything could happen, and your children need to be prepared.
another cause of stress is if someone hacks your computer by uploading a virus.
throughout the and other countries there are libraries that hold offensive material.
and all the trouble it puts people through.
that is how computer games cause long term effects.
arguing just decreases the social time spent.
they can also be used to interact with people far away.
books have information about people doing things to other people just because of their race.
lastly, having computers can help you meet new people.
everyone in the house was safe and only one portion of the house was damaged.
in fact, computers are so useful and helpful, teachers have taken up using computers in their classrooms.
how will be able to fend for themselves?
they are also good because they help you communicate with friends and help people make plans to do with friends.
most authors are smarter then that, or at least i would hope so.
it is up to the world to unleash it and make something out of it.
if we can learn from other mind sets through books, music, movies and movies, then i think we should be aloud to.
using the computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers.
especially pertaining to what books, magazines, movies, and music almost all people are reading, watching, and listening to.
now she gets that feeling from the geese and plants.
we as members of the are already in enough trouble as it is with all our financial troubles and what not.
books should be taken off the shelves and put in places where only adults could get them.
so, she got a webcam, and now everyday they talk, and her dad gets to see the baby.
what types of things do you go to the library for?
if you had a friend or family member move away, computers are an easy way to contact them.
but on this one, i must say i agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people.
not all children and teens are drawn to reading.
what if your phone is gone and there is an emergency, you can get the email!
you can even webcam with people.
they think that it is wrong.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
the sun was setting down on him, it was hot, he had no hope.
so if you read this article and get offended by it then sorry, just expressing personal opinion and trying to get you to solve your problems.
obesity is a huge problem in , five out of every ten are either overweight or obese.
now you have seen reasoning that society would be in much better if there were no computers.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to illustrate the true meaning of the hibiscus.
dear , are not bad for society.
so many things that they can do, is run, jog, and go for bike rides.
we miss out on all the other important things in life, just because of to much time on our laptops.
there would be nothing left.
because she reason is.
this is why i believe that people do spend to much time or the.
when kids are on computers they are sitting their doing nothing.
also, the cyclist was biking in the heat.
songs, movies, books, and magazines could provide that for their child.
clearly states that he could be in a dessert where no one wants to be.
however, two in three wont do so.
some others said it was a bridge created by god to connect
i like, computers but i am going to say i am against them.
at last they come home.
this quote show the love and warmth of everyone in the family and how a house can bring people together.
last reason why computers help out in society is you are able to talk with your friends online.
not be suitable for most young children.
they should have a choice of choosing the materials provided by the library which corresponds to their personalities.
feelings of which we are expected to feel on .
overall, computers are the best thing that has ever happened to mankind.
in the middle of the story, the mood is strong and determined.
in doing so they turned an apartment into a place of love and caring that he will never forget and more importantly passed this love onto him.
and if it bothers someone the bothered person can leave.
computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air.
also if they have nervous parents, the library could get some calls.
there once again he is thanking his parents.
parents should be more concerned about what their kids are learning everyday.
so when he arrived he got some water and got directions for a man who had the best map.
that reason is because students can get homework help on educating websites.
censorship on libraries.
running a business or a corporation is a very difficult job to do.
help them pick out a book.
in conclusion the censorship should not be done.
other opinions wont matter.
any item, whether biased or not, should be able to be found on the shelves of a library.
a little while back a magazine took pictures of a girl and tried to expose her, this is just wrong.
online is a great place to chat with friends or family you could keep in touch.
secondly, nature is a marvelous thing.
books and magazines both use words and sometimes pictures to get there point across.
fiction or nonfiction?
lastly, you can see pictures of your family.
did you know you should have a minimum of min in sunlight each day?
the author this very calm and cool.
but i do.
this happens often especially if you are playing a fun game with many levels.
movies in the library are for teachers to show students.
it was hard to adapt to the situation of moving, but the plant created familiar scents and the familiar fragrance which filled her lungs .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'.
explains that if one person has a right to take a material off a shelf than everyone else has that right.
his family always helped their friends and when family visited they always had a place to .
as you can see i need my computer for many things.
of the people in the say that a computer has many people think that from a computer.
my friends love to play with my car.
it gives them time to grow up themselves.
what are you going do?
and the is suffering because of it.
its not impossible.
people all around the world think differently about music, books, and movies.
for instance, a book on an religion.
teenagers especially, they get ideas of the language and scenes from these sort of stuff.
here instead of the songs of birds, i heard the cries of hawkers and vehicles.
prayer should spring from the heart.
all knowledge will be trashed and no one will be able to voice their opinions.
electricity is used in place of coal.
so how is it inappropriate for them to read fictional books that include the topic?
so then you play more and get addicted.
some students copy in the examination.
during the spring season, we can work for more time.
in my opinion, it is the fault of the and computers.
it changed from flat road to short, rolling roads.
it was hers.
some books that are intended would be better off staying in the library.
the mood of this story was very comfortable and very, very loving.
his mood was also very appreciative.
with them when ever i want to.
if they start taking out big parts of history, it will be long lost and forgotten.
we used to have to use encyclopedias or find books on those topics.
making dinner, riding a bike, driving a car etc.
people are getting name of guns and what they look like from movies and magazines and getting them and getting bombs off the black market.
if we take these mature books and other types of media off the shelves our children will have better lives.
firstly, i believe that computers offer a wide variety of educational options.
most books even if they say one to two choice words it turns into an adult book.
many more jobs are being created because of this technology.
this concludes that computers benefit the society we live in today.
i want my library to be what was made to be, a mixture of cultures and backgrounds.
so, when she saw that winter hibiscus she felt as if she found something to help her feel at home or at ease almost.
thank you for your time, and just remember your job is done on computer too.
for some, this is their only way of communication.
by banning a book in a school library, a parent is also keeping their child from thinking what they do not want them to think.
something that is very offensive to one person not be offensive to someone else, it is all a matter of values and beliefs.
and where does eating that music need to go?
computers are good and bad at the same time.
the lack of exercise is increasing fast.
for me computer games expanded drawing.
some people like to see new and beautiful places.
they should have a different store for certain books.
if a wants to see a rated movie or drink a beer that is the parents choice to let that see that movie not the person running the store.
this is the reason i believe the author ends the story the way they do,
if there even was one book that someone found discriminating or offensive they could always just pass by it and choose one that suits what they want.
i usually play for a couple hours.
if they can not use the specific word they feel describes them the best, it tends to ruin the quality of their character.
if the people feel that they are that offensive then they should bring it up with the and find a solution instead of getting rid of these items.
these are all valid reasons why some things should be removed from the public eye.
readers could learn from the books how racism affects people, and why it is wrong.
exercise is necessary in lives.
whenever my mom would get rid of a doll she used to own some of them had eyes that would move.
if they can publish them, then we should be able to read them no matter what our age is
if adults want to view pornography, or read accounts of extreme violence, that is their business.
with him thinking about this it made him forget about the heat.
it also helps you do many stuff for your own future: not just to play around with some new friends.
it was a warm day and he needed to stay hydrated.
later i found that the book was incredibly offensive.
this shows the connection she has with her home and the flowers.
magazines are often picked up when going into the check out line in a grocery store.
the library should absolutely take the book off the shelf if it is found offensive by someone.
so it really all depends upon the use of the book and the maturity of the person who is renting it.
some of the age limits throughout society should be put in libraries, but other than that, the decisions should be left up to the person.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
last, we wont be wasting gas on are cars because we are using computers.
this is because of less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends.
some people take romances being offensive or comedy or horror.
in my opinion.
however a child could go home and watch the movies or search the internet for something more controversial.
many people believe that computers are needed for everyday life, but i would have to disagree.
here the snow is symbolic to the sorrow she has been facing because she left home.
the forerunner was moving at a tremendous speed.
they are one of the most growing technologies in our world.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that he is proud of his family, their background, and the way he grew up.
these could be as plain as just taking out the trash or cooking meals.
teens who are going to be immature about it does not deserve to have all those things.
buy a whole , a couch, and even your groceries in only ten minutes.
so why put them out in a bad way.
should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended?
authors put language, sexual content, and violence in books, movies, and magazines to entertain certain crowds.
makes you lazy and keeps you from you kids.
they will eventually ask what does this mean or mommy what does this word mean.
i was shocked and embarrassed.
these machines help our world become an easier place to do.
he can use the computer to help him find that phone number.
society knows what should and should not be brought upon a child, so they know not to put it in any reach of children.
advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible decades .
when you grow up, you learn to read about the movie, and look at the rating.
the computer is used for quick and easy research, interacting and communicating with friends and for personal entertainment.
however, i do agree that there should be certain standards set for some of the books out there.
people are not attracted to books that do not have a quality topic that gets them interested.
talking with others by computers makes the world go round.
no one person has the right to dictate what should and should not be in libraries.
i believe that even if books, music, movies or magazines on the bookshelves are offense, they should still be left there.
he has two pet dogs.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
taking these off the shelves could make some people happy, it could also upset even more.
well if you think it is negative i am going to show you why it is actually very positive.
so why would they even try to bother getting away with being offensive to people.
censorship in libraries has gone on too long, it is time for the world to freely take part in the literature that interests them.
an example is .
the library could make a certain part of the library made just for these kinds of material, so that people nor children have to see them.
road accidents are a common feature of big cities.
those people could be on there for hours talking to people.
seeing this sign most likely perpetuates his thirst and leaves him more exhausted and frustrated before.
you can chat with all your friends at once.
also, the terrain posed a threat to his well being during the story.
of the human population spends up to an average of two hours on a computer each day.
i remember when i younger me and my friends always wanted to go see rated movies.
the computers can also teach you in a way you might never have thought of.
the way i look at things is ( do)
we must admire their hard work.
this could also help at work because it your boss is counting on you to have work done, you can use the .
just like me most of my life i lived an apartment and saw it as any other home because of the parents you have there that care for you.
the mood created by the author was very happy.
or listen to music there are websites for them also.
also, says that of people get to work faster when they look up traffic reports on the computer instead of listening in the radio.
dear , many people say that computers can have an bad effect on people.
computers are one of the great inventions we have.
mr. suresh ahluwalia is the librarian.
if you video chatted you should definitely know to be nice and not be rude.
because of computers, talking to your faraway family is a few clicks away.
therefore, i hope you like my letter and enjoy my opinion.
on this homework.
the kidnappers, the sellers and the owners who make the kids beg, should be given exemplary punishments.
to her, the plant felt smooth and cool just as she had known it, which was comforting.
many people are too focused on the internet and they lack on their normal activities.
should we censor the materials in libraries?
many things interest different people.
if someone were to decide to take down a book or movie that they view as offensive then they are breaking the freedom that this has.
this time she made an excuse, but how many times is she going to make up an excuse.
alone with this, the cyclist had to work much harder because the man noticed, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
i believe that voting could be the answer to many problems in the world today
for being on the computer , not exercising could.
this meant that the cyclist could not refill his water and was slowly getting dehydrated.
it affects school work and how they behave.
for example, people who sit there all day on the computers spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature socializing with friends and families.
they would be able to read the whole thing with no problems.
you can go play sports and have fun while getting exercise.
the landscape seems to get more threatening too, a ridiculously large shake.
people are mature enough to be able to handle offensive material.
they could take it home and begin reading it, and realize that the material that they are reading contains information that offends them.
you can check sports scores from the night before or check sports score from years ago.
they should not be removed from the shelves of the library.
of kids are online communicating with others.
he has to evaluate the answer sheets of the students.
we should choose how long were using one computers.
seriously, it only takes that long for a child to be introduced, and it is only one song out of the thousands that are out there.
this information can spread across the school.
people could often be offended by the materials that can be accessed through a public library.
at the computer?
also he is grateful for how they always made him safe.
homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like and video games are a click away.
people have their own opinions and views on materials.
she has a lot of knowledge about books.
inappropriate material can have bad influences on kids.
so why do some libraries insist on removing some of those valuable materials from their shelves?
many people go on vacation and what brought them here has when they sat and places.
we walked to the school compound.
what about entertainment?
get out and get some fresh air.
they go on the , play games, and use it for work.
they help with school work, like projects or email.
if they are found offensive, and proved offensive, they should be moved.
no parents want to walk around and hear there children saying these things or doing these actions.
i would most certainly not!
we should think carefully before we do something.
computers are a huge advancement in business.
if you were to see something you find offensive does that have to mean it offends another around you?
i think this mood is happiness.
three out of five homework assignments are on the computer.
that person then could end up using the information for the worst.
by its leg could even harm a horse or a man?
i know that out of people love to travel, but you need plane tickets.
but the question is, will you?
the world in which they lived in had dramatically been affected by the impact of peoples opinions.
the man feels like their is nothing left and its the old men who caused this.
if you ask me, there are a lot more offensive things on the then there are in books.
what you can find online still amazes me.
the setting for the cyclist is a hard and dangerous one.
also it could mean the test to adjust to her new home when the spring comes.
more important things should be done during this time like studying or doing homework.
now you understand the computer is a helpful learning tests.
well this pretty much sums up what i think about library contents being censured.
another obstacle during his trip are the hills.
so when she goes to take the test it will be a year.
a library is built for the education of the public, not for the interests of one person.
, radio, books, movies, magazines would all be uncensored.
dear local newspaper, has been a discussion around the for decades now.
they have lots of ways to video chat, message, and even speak aloud to the person you want to communicate with.
the cyclist decided to keep going, even though he was running out of water.
most importantly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
the author shows how proud was of his parents and how thankful is.
this adds to the mood of family because living in a small house means that a lot of the time will be spent with family.
in this memoir, the author is showing the mood as happiness.
; should not have to be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
they put the super skinny model in a barely there bikini.
being made fun of hurts.
i solemnly read on and was filled with a sense of family.
yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you.
if there were no computers i would have to use a typewriter and if i made a mistake i would have to type the whole thing again.
i understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
not only does it lower the risk of the letter not getting there, but it is also much quicker.
in the setting there are no cars and no buildings meaning no help.
he tells me that his on a line, hooking up with other people.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist.
you can find just about anything on the internet these days.
without them, we would be and have nothing
there are games on websites.
the policeman should be honest, polite, kind and literate to serve the people.
by censoring the word from text, people were, in a way, covering up the history of the .
before going to sleep i brush my teeth and wish my parents ‘goodnight’.
you can send them all emails in under a few minutes.
now it time for you to go ahead and put this on the front page of your newspaper and let the whole world know.
so the concluding paragraph shows how when the hibiscus is budding and starts a new phase she will too and go for her drivers license.
it would be taking away a right in the .
i feel we all have the right o make own decisions and that we have the right to read or watch what ever we choose.
books are much more accurate!
moving is very hard, you leave a place where you have so many friends to a place that is so new to you.
you know that and the people who make computer sites know that.
so finally, i have a request.
people ignore their parents when on computer.
also online games are for and enjoying also.
so reader these are some ways why people should enjoy computers.
when someone goes to the library, there is multiple items to choose from.
it is now or never the decision is in your hand, make the right decision and say no to computers.
go to a social website and strike up a conversation.
how would you feel if you went to your local library one day and most, if not all, materials had been removed?
so i believe that people should get of the computer and exercise.
these offensive materials are included in this right.
secondly, computers help us complete our daily work.
when he got to the town he was hoping he could get more water and take a break but when he got there the town was abandoned.
playing computer games can teach you techniques to help play a game better, well keep you busy.
seriously, if someone finds the song offensive, then why are they going to sit there and listen to the entire song?
so stop reading and use a computer!
should censorship be used on library books?
he is becoming desperate.
we use computers to purify water.
another part of society that has been advancing is crime solving.
censoring books in a library would be denying this right that is clearly spelled out in the of .
this shows that the temperature most of been unbearable.
this comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week.
the computer gives us all the things we need.
did you know what they are over one million of these kinds of websites?
books contain adventures and life lessons that kids and adults need.
basically, the computer and the bad wide web things to do.
many doubts about the computer exist, but the computer can surpass all of them.
dear local newspaper, computers!
the question then is, computers have good effects or bad effects on people.
they do not exercise as much.
he used to weigh over pounds.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the climate could be hot, the road could be bumpy, and the town could be deserted.
to quickly and simply get your news from around the world you can visit a website and lock at hundreds of stories at the click of a button.
a man falling ill, may be cured by ordinary medicines, if given in time.
it allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally.
luckily, with the help of police, they were able to find this guy and arrest him before he got to .
people connect with each other through the computer.
if not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions.
this would limit us the ability for students to learn about many important topics in the world.
hard truth of responsible people turning into betrayers is depicted quite efficiently in this movie.
there is the ongoing discussion on whether these should be available to everyone.
sometimes, good friends who wants to together loss touch or if one friend, people can find online and take.
the internet allows research to happen.
; teenagers like myself do not eat for hours.
my conclusion is that you cant please everybody.
explicit material is available everywhere you look.
the books can tell you the story of peoples life, and the movies are based from the story and instead you can watch it.
a lot of their family lives close by, and they often spend time together, usually for meals as it says in paragraph .
they should be out teaching kids not to say this stuff.
she closed her eyes and breathed in, deeply.
now, due to the wide variety of computer selection, a computer is affordable, starting at prices as low as sixty dollars!
because there are billions of people on this earth and i doubt they would all give you the same answer.
the author explains were he lived as a child very vividly.
i believe that censorship is still a needed, and helpful process.
it would just depend on what offends people and what would make them offended.
overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society.
in our , we are given the right of writing what we want, and if censorship continues, we will lose one of our rights.
fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a couple clicks, and the hum of a machine.
this is because engines such as have of limits to with much information on the topic being.
also, simulations and gaming on computers reveal interest for many people.
they help us with our vacation trips.
you would have to have use the bid maps driving to places.
do you believe that certain materials in the library should be removed off the shelf if found offensive?
music has the power to say things and communicate with and make statements that could only be made by music.
therefore, no book should be censored, no matter how inappropriate the material is.
some newspapers are organs of political party.
people use the everyday to get information on their favorite sports teams or on a new recipe they saw on television.
they did not feel that they had the intellect to talk about science or anything like that.
another reason why people can be addicted to the computer is because all the online chat rooms they have.
they do have a profile which you be able to relate to, but they could be lying.
would be easier to find certain things if we had a library for everything.
i actually think its a good idea about people being on their computers.
it means that she will overcome all that and move on.
family lives quite a distance away, well some friends and getting out of touch is a possibility.
these technological devices have enabled to us to get our work done in a timely matter to receive the grade that we deserve.
this is how the author looks at his memories.
this boy was jim who had been running away from master.
books, magazines, news papers, and music are a great passing time.
he then went to south africa.
my last but not the least reason is kids should be outside playing instead of being on the computer.
some materials in libraries have information that is offensive towards others.
there have been protest in the past of the freedoms of a person or even race.
i miss my garden when i am in kuwait.
for these reasons, computers are good.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
that is what the computer is for.
when people are at the check out desk at the library, the library could have a sheet of paper asking if the customer found a certain book offensive.
i think they should make a floor people can go to, to hangout and talk.
libraries have a variety of material from books to movies.
she missed every ball thrown to her.
in other words is that computer help a lot of people.
i believe they should set a timer on how long they are on the computer.
the area the author goes through has an effect
computers are a serious issue.
the butterflies make our home-gardens beautiful and help in the pollination of flowers.
everyone has their own style, everyone likes different things and has different opinions.
sadly and his daughters got in a car accident and two of girls broke a few bones.
at one point in this memoir he says to his parents that what they did was a much more courageous thing the he could have ever done.
libraries are a key essential to learning and helping those with reading skills.
offensive things should be taken off for many reason that will be explained later on.
a lot of the parents do not want there kids to go to the library and look at pictures that are really offensive.
on the website you can talk with anyone on your friends list.
computers have a positive effect on people.
here are my reasons on the effect on computers.
so as a result, i keep in contact with her through the computer.
statistically saying out of jobs in the state use a computer or technology relating to a computer hardware.
for example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places.
dear editor, i think that the computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive.
therefore, i believe by removing everything that is offensive to anyone, we would not have a media.
she is now out of the box, and in a whole new world.
then there is music.
dear readers of the , computers are machines that have been around for years.
i agree with these experts too.
another point to look at is that people need this variety of education, so they can work for causes important to them.
everyone is an individual and is different in their own way.
also student use them to do research for school.
imagine if the library did not have a certain type of novel you enjoyed, would you continue to go?
this was true in the censorship of , as well.
first off i will be telling you about how computers help people type.
next up is the rough terrain.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affected the cyclist because they forced him to work extra hard and put forth more effort.
in the memoir, the author creates a loving mood.
in them taking down a book because you were offended, offends me.
what is the big issue over censoring movies, disks, books, and magazines.
we get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens.
i believe this because every year new and exciting and websites are created and make life easier.
i found one that looked interesting, and long story short i just so happened to stumble upon a love story.
writing many different essays, letters, typing for projects, and doing research would be done faster and easier.
taking away music is like taking away humans natural culture.
every student do the same.
if i had to write a paper on a person it would be almost impossible to do without looking up information about him on the internet.
of people by the computer people spend and friends.
that is good in someway and bad on another way.
this is how people use computers to stay in touch.
well you should really consider thinking about this those cant even reasons the people in the .
i think it would be best if you unplugged those computers for a day and just went outside and got some fresh air!
they can either play sports or even take a walk or run.
the huge world of the can change our lives.
you could picture the house and smell the aromas.
they think people spend to much time on the computer and are getting less exercise.
once having that item in their grasp; they could post it on the internet and show the whole world what he or she found.
books have been around for centuries and can create a whole new world for readers.
because of this they are staying inside and on their computer.
it turned into totally love and warmth, but also happiness.
one person think a book is offensive but the next not.
this number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer.
people who are on their are away from their friends and family!
for starter, the contents on computers and the internet are too much for people and society.
video chat, , , etc.
in my own opinion i think the setting is the most important part.
so please keep reading my letter and i will tell you the side effects of the computer.
lastly computers are taking away family time.
these things should be disposed of so our minds will be clean and the minds of future generations will be clean also.
the cyclists features around him affected him negatively.
i tried a drop or two, tasted like battery acid.
he does not pick up, so you walk to your clean, shiny black computer.
also, statistics show that nearly of students use to.
what someone might think is weird, somebody else might think is normal.
first the books were written so they would be enjoyed by the public.
children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays.
they should do that so they can warn the person who is checking out the material.
if books were not offensive, people would read them very often.
so thank you for listening.
if everyone would throw away books that were offensive, there would be no books left.
have the books, and other writing pieces rated in the same way that movies are.
people use books to forget their troubles and take a trip to somewhere outside of themselves.
taking advice from a group of old men, he headed to his first stop.
certain materials should not be view by younger children.
computers offer of games for to play.
if we are at home and we forgot our homework we could look it up online.
these things can keep people healthy, active and in tiptop shape.
i agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on.
once some freedoms are removed, others will follow.
i agree on spending less time on the computers and spending more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends.
taking various books and items away from our libraries takes away from many peoples' knowledge of our world.
all books have different themes and subjects and all readers have different opinions on them.
one time i went to the library and i was looking for a romantic book to read and i could not find it.
anyone who has a problem with something should just not read it and leave it alone.
dear , i think some people are overreacting, its not really going to kill you.
you cannot get away from it.
the road that author was ridding, it was rough.
using computers is an easy way to talk with friends.
however, if this device was not around, we would have to use postal service or the telephone, both of which cost money.
they were all each other had anything not matter where they came from.
she feels that maybe, if shes been used to this new place for awhile she will have a better chance at passing the test.
computers are very convenient.
you can learn about other places and cultures.
take a stand, and do is best.
a computer can help you very much in this type of case.
and it was not just those who were related to you but also those who cared for you.
such things can also show anger, hate, and depression.
to prove to someone that you are of age to have access to offensive material you should have to show some sort of identification proving it.
it is easier than the hassle crowded malls and long lines.
by using computer for a long period of time, you begin to think how computers are all you need.
libraries are a public place that should be taken seriously.
everything around her is different and new.
with rules and conditions the library can be a safe and enjoyable place for everyone.
the way computers make you feel is not enjoyable.
some people learn on computers.
well, i can i have and know they need and it benefits them.
when working out, at work, driving, or just siting at home.
computers also have different .
many people do not like a policeman because he is rough.
he has great civic sense.
it saves peoples time and lets them do other things except have to drive somewhere to give a letter to them.
these people get not enough exercises, which are very unhealthy they tend to get their meals done at fast foods which are unhealthy as well.
the next setting was an abandoned shed with a water pump and a fork in the rode.
most people would be offended and complain.
also, you can learn more about people, places, cultures and much more.
our is mainly run on computers, without them, it would be very difficult to be aware of an on coming attack or threat.
the author of this memoir creates a very calm mood.
and get out and have a little time for going on to the computer.
the reason for this is because if your writing an email then you should know the keys that your fingers touch.
by doing this you actually improve the bone between you and that person.
let me further explain to you the reasons why libraries should have such boundaries.
i am not in any way against reading books, rather i am quite on the contrary.
all of these obstacles cause the cyclist to become devastated and give up hope but he continues his travel and eventually finds a place to rest.
just when he thought he could drink more water, he drank water feeling somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
but if one is constantly overexposed to books that are against our very human nature, they should be removed for the good of the people around us.
censorship in libraries has been an issue among communities for as long as literature has been around.
than they you to other family members and before you know it you all to other again.
these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today.
we all have the freedom of speech, right?
you are the mother or father of a young child, and you take them to the library.
so, , the increasing number of computer users is a beautiful thing!
so if someone gets offended with a book they should go talk to the owner let them know their concern, and try to have something done about it.
when they say , they mean .
then also sex ed books need to be in the library so people can read about it and not just go with what other people say.
there are three reasons why i do not agree.
for communication, entertainment, and school projects.
i think that when it becomes a threat to the they should remove material.
of children go on the computer and ignore everything.
if i was a administrator in a i would look at what is the meaning behind the book and what it is trying to express.
they know better than to start fights or cuss in school.
also somebody like the scary mystery books and movies, but others not.
overall, the sentence shows what the author concludes and think about the story winter hibiscus.
you guys can chat each other, check up on each other, and see how everyone is doing.
the mood created by the author was great.
why would anyone waste their time reading it.'
the computer can really help you.
if we try to remove every single book, movie, song, or magazine that contain an offensive thing, we would have to remove almost everything.
even if we do take out all the books that can be bad for our children, there will not be a lot of books left.
also, they have educational games so learning can be both fun and educational.
it is quite clear that using your computer to do research is a very valuable thing.
all in all, computers just are a negative attribute in communities across the .
she had good relations in her house.
that is why is easier to send messages to your boss.
that is what keeps us interested in what we are doing.
dear newspaper, the question is whether or not people are spending too much time on the computer or not.
the computer is the thing that gets people addicted to something.
also, there is no buildings, people, or cars in sight to save him.
i think the author realizes that she is going to have to adapt.
you can take this any way that you want but i hope you learn before it is to late.
if we continue to take books off of the shelves then eventually there will be nothing to read.
using computers kills time that could be spent with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer.
the only way is to close our libraries and shut down the internet.
about three years ago i went on vacation to .
also kids get distracted in school because all they think or care about is going home and going on the computer.
dear , i understand that there has been somethings going on with computers.
libraries contain plenty of books, music, movies, and magazines for everyone.
i knew this who played video games from about foot away for long period of time a day.
also, they need to enjoy life.
, you can just calm down and relax.
computers are helpful machines, more the mist are missing out on using a computer.
they have to depend upon themselves.
think of it in your own perspective.
i hope you read this with my regards.
some books in libraries offended some people.
over the last thousands and thousands of years media has grown at an incredible rate through books, music, movies, and magazines.
also, everyday there are news updates about what is going on in the world.
censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world.
and taking those things away from a library taking it away from adults as well as kids.
over the past years i have observed that more people are taking what others have to say or sing about to heart.
it dint really matter.
it was a wonderful book.
secondly, computers have a positive affect on people because it saves people time by shopping online.
after reading about a loving pair of parents that gave everything they had just for their children makes you feel guilty and respectful of your own parents.
when i want to relax music helps me to center myself and open my mind.
i believe censorship in libraries are needed to protect the minds of children and people who are easily influenced by the thoughts of others.
my friend often hope from school and goes straight up to to use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents.
that quote shows how proud is of his parents because they gave up their families, friends, and careers so that could have a better life in .
not everyone has one so you should be thankful for what you have.
and hope they would do the same for you.
for example, all kids media should be in one section and all adult media should be in another section.
i have come up with reasons to support my opinion.
almost every website has discounts.
if a book was censored because of the contents inside it would bring into question other books or media related to it.
so now that you read this i hope i got my point out to you, about what a computer can do to you in the end.
many parents, librarians, and teachers were upset by this and argued that the topic was not at all harmful.
you, newspaper staff, use a computer to type the news.
so take my opinion into consideration.
milch cows have shown better yield of milk due to music i like michael jackson the most.
he plays different games with me and also helps me with my homework.
computers make it easier to connect to people near and far.
and one of those many thought to be impossible was to find anything you want in only a matter of seconds.
also, books should be more readily available.
other offensive material some adults enjoy reading or watching.
i think that the internet is great.
so i hope i have persuaded you to follow my advice and pull them over movies and books off the shelves for the safety of the children
this made it harder for the cyclist to reach his destination.
also, connect humans with each from half way across the .
imagine your child or someone that is very close to you.
but i still know that people like them so i would not take them away.
they fine begging easier and more profitable.
he had been riding his bike all day and he was soon going to run out of water.
furthermore, computers are making people lazier.
he also rides the galloping horses.
though it is not very big, one can buy almost everything there.
computers were made to get your tasks done quicker and easier.
his parents were selfless.
i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world because computers help everyone in their education.
he almost had a heat stroke a few times.
also, kids in school use computers all the time for school work and to learn about new things.
for the adults or teenagers who enjoy viewing these things, they could be in a section far away from the children.
usually after that, they are done with the magazine.
without variety, how is that possible?
the doctors advise patients to take at least two glasses of milk every day.
furthermore, computers are great for all kinds of research and directions.
although she is upset about failing the test she will certainly be ready to pass it in the spring.
what religion are you?
as you can see, those are just a few reasons i think that computers have a positive affect on us.
after the first couple town, he starts to ride on short, rolling hills.
they need to be spending more time with family and friends.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the features are what cause the climax of the story.
if there is a article up on a shelf and it has an appealing image on it, you are going to stop and read it .
also he thought he was going to die and that the birds were going to pick him off.
if you believe that it is offensive to you then why are you reading it?
there are so many helpful things to use it for.
it makes me think that plans to start her life over in comparison with the hibiscus.
all my friends were also invited.i was very happy to see them.
he is a businessman.
i see those books as our history, those topics are taught to us in school and we will most likely hear about such things as we grow up.
the mood created in the memoir is a happy and caring and also sometimes sad.
their would be closer bonds with families if people stayed of the computer.
computers can be very helpful, when trying to find information on a topic, but some people take it too far.
you can learn about or you name it you can type it in google, and you can learn everything about that country.
i feel like everyone should try new things.
hints the name.
but why keep them from the real world?
see what happens.
however, we can prevent it!
the cyclist thought it was hard.
i resolved never again to travel by overcrowded bus if i could.
there are a lot of issues concerning offensive material that are used for entertainment purposes.
censorship needs to be pushed more in libraries.
next, people can actually make new friends in the computer, like pen pals.
because of the internet, people no longer need to get together and talk, turn on their computers, which is a waste of energy.
since the cyclist takes the long route, he is in the desert for a longer period of time.
we all know that there are books out there are parents hope we never get a hold of.
she complained to one of the librarians and asked that they please remove them.
once the plant is thriving, as such as her tropical home, she believes that it will comfort her enough to pass the test.
please take my idea into consideration.
some of the greatest books ever written are respected for their controversy and mind blowing ideas.
libraries can have an affect on your everyday life because of how calming and soothing it can be.
you could mess up someones family of living.
if it had not been at the library, what would i have done?
people love movies.
then the terrain in changes when he says flat road was replaced
than a hour.
parents who have only daughters go on producing children until they have a son.
she would try her hardest to make smart moves, and make it to a town, as fast as possible.
there is a lot of people in college now and mostly all of them have computers.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
i think that we should not even censor the content because i feel like that is making people wanting to know why they censored it in the first place.
everyone has their own meaning of offensive.
lastly, the computers much more efficient is looking yet things.
i think a movie, book, or a magazine should only be uncensored if it is trying to get a point across.
music can also be a good way to better ones self.
students in high school to the after school with friends and get in to see rated movies parents.
family to him that he be learned is not just his parents, sisters and brothers.
yes, but we need these machines to survive.
it could be twice a year or more a month or whatever is picked as long as there is one day or even more than can exercise on.
the parents accepted almost anybody into their home and they were very welcoming.
after riding through the desert, the cyclist would have wanted a nice rest stop, but all of them were ghost towns.
, and what we read in the magazines , have a big affect.
this is why i support the computer.
there is always a good side to every situation.
statements have been made all over the world of people speaking on what they believe is right or wrong.
obviously the library allowed it there for some reason.
slowly gaining elevation while losing hope.
what is a point about it?
now we have violence.
for example, there is a magazines full of negative words and full of horrid stuff.
school websites also give people benefits in our society.
when the author write, and the geese will return and this hibiscus in budding, then i will take that test again, it shows symbolism.
lastly, a moderation could be extremely helpful for us today.
they should not be dirty, nor discouraging towards certain people.
kids also do bad in school because they eventually think that school is a waste of time and drop out.
he did not dwell on the negatives, did not say what he would like to change.
for example, if you we addicted to computers, then there is a large chance you will get glasses someday in your life.
in that same time people are getting fatter and they need more exercise.
for example, the first terrain that he experienced was not very hilly, but rather flat and soothing.
so we can prove that computers are good for motor skills, school work and even social networking.
the author concludes the story using that paragraph for a few reasons.
it stores water and food in the hump.
it is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and keep the bad ones away.
opinion is you should spend time interacting with people in your society, your family, and friends.
this also includes email and blogs and some chat sites.
it supplies everyday people with information that they are seeking to learn about.
the new technology is helping people interact over the.
his journey seen hopeless and long had that make endless with first wave problems getting strength at him his journey seen to be harder and filled with ??
when people go to the they know, no matter what information their looking for, they will find it.
there are books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
than when he came to all the bumps in the road, it was harder to pedal.
a person who leads a good life is a gentlemen.
then, the student will be able to check out the material or can ask the librarian to hold the material when it comes back in for the student.
another mood that was created was calm.
the great lack exercise is causing health problems.
once again he begins to feel hopeless, but then turns his angst into determination to finish his journey.
we must ask, what are we missing?
for example, flat roads was replaced by short, riding hills as the terrain was changing, so was his attitude.
my own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away.
many people will argue that pornography is something that should be censored out of society, but the problem is once you start censoring, where do you stop?
now magazines on the other hand can be taken either way.
i believe that every person has the choice to not read a book or magazine, or even watch a movie, if they find it offensive.
am i know in my heart that they are sorry for hurting you in anyway.
i know for a fact us teens watch funny movies to make our rough day turn into a better day , well that is what i do at least.
people use music to express feelings.
yes because what if a year old could find a offensive to have a book that talks about his race in a bad way.
all these features of the setting affect him.
having a computer can also be bad because sitting to close or spending to much time can hurt your eyes and cause you to wear glasses.
when i was little i was always in the library and it was never hard to get a book with bad language.
finally, they would check airports for flights going to and from .
i enjoy every genre of music and books.
the plant is symbolic of her progress because her growth is like the plant.
you picked the computer over your friends to go to the mall.
therefore, i conclude that if any books, music, movies, or magazines are found offensive they should remain on the shelves.
the plant helps the mother try and stay positive and it also helps the mother by trying to do the right thing for her daughter.
when we read, we find books that are to our own enjoyment, we look for books that can spark ideas and images in our heads.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
a small boy had separated from his parents.
decides that he wants to learn, but he does not know how.
the internet has just about every piece of information possible.
it was a flat land, than rolling hills.
the rough road made have to work harder want more water and just made things tougher more than what they already were.
lots of critics say that a computer is not educational.
i know that there is always something that pulls you back in.
no, because them books or materials is not for everybody to look at.
one that had the greatest impact was that it was dry and hot, and that the terrain was very rough in the desert.
even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice.
all of that is done on a computer.
violence in books seem to spread across schools.
everyone has their rights and if writing, music, and videos are putting them down they should have the right for it to be taken from access.
that is why the libraries are divided into sections for the age groups.
this reflects how the mood of the story is happiness as well.
seeing this brought back all the memories of her life back home [] that kept her going.
into a computer to add beats and different vocals.
it seems you cannot always make everyone happy.
but no matter how you look at it.
after reading my letter i hope you agree with me.
the library is all about learning.
a library is a public library just like the internet is public too.
the motivation to do so reveals the parents faith in creating a home just as good as before.
by keeping updated.
mail can so my where with enough, yes, but is free and gets there in less than a minutes where mail can lake weeks to go far.
what would there be left to watch?
you can find information fast.
like trees, they take in ) and release oxygen.
computers help us with many things but the most important is jobs.
if they are found offensive then that is not my problem.
, its simple.
with not them the parents should their child to and from the library, and the time.
i am a person who supports the advances in technology and believe computers have a positive effect on people, ran benefit people in many ways.
i have a small beautiful garden at my home.
in my opinion i think computers have a positive effect on people.
said , a professor at .
just log on and change the price from the luxury of your own home.
the scenery was putting down his hope of ever getting out of the desert.
once at home a kid can get hurtful emails or instant messages.
it takes away certain literature that people might like reading.
there are many which includes: religious beliefs, having independence, and experimenting.
that is what matters.
although not one persons voice or opinion should be heard over others, we were all created equal, we all should be heard.
they found two boxes in the adjacent park.
musicians use artwork on the album sleeves to grab the attention of people.
this is all because technology was invented.
he tells how people always came over to house for dinner and there were many celebrations.
reduced social interacting and skills also result.
the communication globally has not been very helpful and people are spending hours on their computers every day instead of exercising.
different types of books explain different types of things.
and how much she loves them.
in school most of the time everyone learns the basic information that is required.
please understand the meaning how terrible computers are.
there might be a certain speed that a person types and to pass the class, and the teacher could assign practice on your own home computer.
by using the word crippling it informs us that the hill was brutal and very hard to get over.
they should just be put in their own area for adults to read only
reading books on philosophy, religion, anthropology, world history and literature is my last liking.
hiding it would be like robbing them of their right to be informed.
computers can become harmful to nature and destroy homes for animals, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if out on paper.
statistics show that of people that go on the computer instead of getting exercise, are in risk for health problems including obesity.
through the knowledge of this hunger, i was able to start a fundraiser at my church.
when she left her home, she did not just leave a building behind.
as humans have become, modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they world normally have encountered if they we not on the computer.
he seems to have had a very nice childhood and has always thanked his parents for that.
at first is upset but then she becomes understanding of her daughters actions and feelings.
and does offend most people should be set aside and putting in a different shelving area away from the others.
computers are a great way to use in communication.
my father assured me that one day we will definitely fly to another city in one of those airplanes.
also, if you find out something new tell people, you can spread the knowledge.
that is no excuse.
i had an opportunity to see a snake charmerand his snakes a monthago.
this was making him dehydrated.
i believe kids like me these day want to keep in touch with their friends.
when it comes to censorship i believe that very few things should be removed.
not just person should be able to talk for everyone.
that is also causing childhood obesity.
so, in my perspective, censorship depends on the situation and the material.
many of those books that many people read are those that others calls explicit.
when she brings home the plant and her mom and her plant it in the garden.
if you are always on the computer how are you going to get exercise?
she wont give up but try again later on in the year.
first, just the fact that he was by himself kept his determination high.
he makes the reader admire them too.
computers can be helpful and distracting at the same time.
there are many things that a computer can do which is really good.
it was a play boy bunny magazine.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was, powerful, , and appreciative.
he thought of them as his savior!
it helps out in many ways for example, to keep in touch with relatives, to learn new information and to keep you safe and updated.
what is your opinion?
we, as the people, must be free to say what we want in our stories and songs, along with movies and other media.
there were people from different states and different areas of the train.
i can see how some of those books could be banned.
there is one thing about the computer that is amazing.
they have censored movies just sitting there.
some people like to come in the library to relax and look at a magazine or listen to some music.
the mood of this memoir was appreciative.
shielding your children from it will only hinder their progress in figuring things out and learning to think for themselves as adults.
next, he came to a shed desperate for water only to find rusty pumps with tainted, unsafe water.
also, you can forget the steps of how to do something on your project or homework, so you check online!
i went to the library one day with a friend of mine and i picked up a magazine.
but the only types of people that those books, movies or magazines would affect would be teenagers and kids.
its gotten to him so much that he applauds himself for having the energy to feel sorry for himself.
i personally, think that it should be up to the library if they could have that power.
if my mom said that to me i would stay around the child books.
i feel the story is essentially about over coming things.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist by for the roads and heat has.
family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours daily with their family.
although, somethings we need to see the things that people have in heads.
aside from interacting with other humans and researching and typing the computer holds many more wonders.
but here is where they go wrong.
this works for a lot of situations not just this one, so if you need to get away from the stress just ignore them.
talked about her life as being very nice because grew up in a house that turned into a home.
if we throw away our history and our accomplishments, man is left nothing to improve on, nothing to leave his or her marking on history.
when libraries pull books, magazines, movies, and music off of their shelves it takes away that right.
rated movies are known to be for adult watchers and same goes for video games.
that stood out to me because he really cared and was thankful for his parents.
it scars culture, and ignores religion.
second the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people that they have never seen or heard about.
computers are making this happen.
they must be able to work well with their hands to fix it.
we just need to find it again.
removing a book from the shelf is completely unfair to the other people who visit the library.
all they had to do me!
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his mood change.
, the mood of this memoir is defining the love of his family.
we need to be healthy about our computer usage.
it is as simple as that, people are wise enough to know what is good and what is bad for them.
we still interact with family and friends but know we are also able to do so on the computer.
these things are necessities to the world.
materials should not be removed from libraries because they can be used to learn history and other things that people should know about.
although many people would look upon computers on a negative note, the computer allows us to do essential task needed in everyday life.
but also give what point of view i feel about the books that are on these shelves.
that gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world.
well i do not believe it is a good technology in our generation.
parents should modify what their children watch, but as an adult they are able to watch or read anything that they want to
is expressed by the family gathering a the dinner table more times that not.
if you feel like a book, a song, a movie, is offensive, then stop reading, listening, or watching.
that you knew why i support the computer should be no doubt that you will support it.
dear editor, computers are a waste of time.
the mature content in movies, books, and more should be kept in libraries because mature audiences enjoy watching and listening to them.
we can make and distribute item much faster.
he used to be forgetting to write down his homework, but he looks online and he has all of it.
some people can and some people cant.
he made an attempt to get the water from the pumps and it was hot and tested like battery acid.
i guess if it really really bothered you, and there was a lot more people that felt the same way about the same thing then yes remove it.
interest vary, but a teen like the same type of books as an adult.
true, there are books out there that are very offensive to certain types and religions of different people.
imagination can scare people.
there are all kinds of books, movies, and even magazines out there.
the lioness does the most of the hunting.
that shows the caring, thoughtful tone the author had as he remembered fondly about his past.
the first feature of the setting that affect the cyclist is the desert.
lastly, the mood is one of caring and welcome to friends and neighbors they considered family.
dear , i have recently heard about the debate on whether or not computers are used too often.
another time where computers are handy is at tax time.
televisions have almost replaced the radios and transistors.
they are helpful to students because the internet now contains textbooks they use in class.
as you can plainly see, computers are not turning us all into zombies.
that way when you get bored there is always something to do, instead of being home all day.
i people spend too much time on the computer.
another thing that has been a problem is magazines.
you can see them and talk with them.
this can be important if you need to talk to someone that lives far away.
sure, you could read a newspaper, but answer me this where does the paper come from?
earlier in the story she says that she failed the test, because she did not impress her mom.
for students it would be a nightmare to have to do reports without a computer.
he was riding in???
then they are right back in a chair, making minimal movements.
social networks only just make this even worse.
i think is a positive effect on people.
that we need them to communicate to other people.
there are many different features such as the weather, road condition, and how the person is feeling.
the technology of a computer is farther than any other item.
it could also help people find their .
the arguing will never end!
not only that, but his lack of water depleted his energy as well.
computers are very important to society.
one of the best things about computers is going online and chatting with friends.
yet, look at all of the advantages to a computer.
playing games is one way that can help you stay connected with your family.
in this memoir, the author creates a mood.
you could be getting other tasks done.
no is not true just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find people that you'r looking for.
a third time the author created a mood was when he described his parents as caring people.
what would it be like?
during this time, computers are becoming more and more popular.
while your friends are having a party.
are assistants, porters, ticket checkers and signalmen to help him.
he could have also been killed by a giant snake.
of people can get through difficult and stressful times with family.
he helps the students to choose good books.the library is a very useful place in the school.
everyday when i come home from school, i find myself going straight inside and to the computer from there, i log into and .
the games are horrible for the computer.
they might not even test it anyways.
a poll was taken and out of kids, of them said they felt groggy and had headaches, after using a computer for two hours.
so, does that mean it should be taken down off the shelf because it is offensive to both people?
it is important to know about the possible outcome and dangers before we say or do something.
without water, dehydration kicks in and it affects not only your body, but your mind too.
they are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer.
computers make people feel lazy sometimes therefore they spend less time exercising.
computers have a positive effect on people.
in a way many books are put on the library shelf for a reason.
she works for three houses so she learned to type really fast.
the snow is melting represents change from cold to warm.
for example, an older woman is looking through this magazine, and she sees this teenage woman taking drugs, or being half naked.
teachers can calculate students averages easier and faster and children can do their homework efficiently.
she was able to make a connection with the plant.
but again goes back to the will power or the want to, to go back and do the test a second time.
these books, in my opinion, can only help them.
a matter of fact, computers have a bad effect.
many would consider even this great literary work as a movie inappropriate.
most said it was flat but later came to know that it was not.
there are many things in libraries that portray bad images and contain questionable content.
one day it was raining hard and i had nothing to do so i went on my computer and played minesweeper.
the section has music which teens listen to.
dear local news paper, computers are powerful machines in our world.
with be answered.
computers can help open people up to unique genres of music they have never listened to before.
short story about:  leo tolstoy, the great russian author
no parents wants to see their go through young.
my second reason for being is that it can help teach said and life skills.
the internet can also be a time waster.
i believe that profanity has a good side and a bad side.
so please the local newspaper please try to make this believable.
this means the faster, easy, to ride terrain was replaced by slower harder to ride on terrain.
since the media controls the internet and most of the magazines, i think it would be a great idea to dispose of that in our libraries.
what if something you were watching or reading or listening to was offending someone else, would you care?
then, finally, the setting changed.
there are books, movies, magazines, and computers that anyone that want to get on can do so.
history is filled with moments both glorious and inglorious.
that can make you gain weight.
you could be living in and chatting with someone in .
also, it helps people talk to people from different countries.
magazine and books are the basics of a library.
the computer looking at hotels and booking thou, this modern day technology has brought many humans to places they wanted to go.
two: they can look up things to help them.
that last paragraph was quite vital to the theme and meaning of the story.
when the cyclist first starts his journey he is very sure of himself.
not many pay attention to nature, and instead of talking to friends in the internet, why not meet them at the park?
if libraries start censoring books we end up with less and less readers as the years go on.
i do not believe that any material should be removed from library shelves.
he never gets angry.
these things have evolved over the years thanks to computers.
the features are just not right and and they could be changed around a little bit and still have about the same meaning of the essay.
talking to people by using the computer has become easier and more dependable than ever.
they can also make grading a paper easy.
as the cyclist continues on his ride, changes begin to occur in the surroundings, which ultimately affects the cyclists attitude.
finally, really do benefit society because you can use this technology in middle school, high school, and through college.
some families even eat dinner at the computer.
people need them for communication, telephone numbers, or facts about anything.
that is the authors mood in this memoir.
offensive or not we have the write to publish and promote it
the offensive part out of the book helped myself relives a new understanding.
dear , i strongly believe that computers are a big benefit to society these days.
a library is safe haven.
best of all, you will be able to talk to your friend and family online.
you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop.
in the state of , it is proven that of residents are overweight from not exercising and are overweight by not eating properly.
so keep reading and think what you hear that could or has happened to you.
once children learn to read you might come across a bigger problem.
the computer does help with the educational needs students in .
although we regard the donkey as a foolish creature it is
artists are ones to take risks and so are writers.
the internet can prove to be helpful.
a library where works of literature such as , to a , and are not on the shelves awaiting students to dive into their pages.
has anyone ever stopped and thought about the negative aspects of censoring a book?
so keep the books on the shelves even if children should not read them.
and other people should not get offended by what other like.
computers messes up kids grades.
l could drop from a heatstroke.
being a high school student and having a nice library in my school i have learned a lot from the books in my library.
the main issues that most people have with books are foul language, sex, and difference in opinion.
if libraries start to ban books, music, movies, magazines or other items then they are hiding things they do not want people to read.
what that teenager reads in that magazine article could spark a whole new reason to help the world.
the features of the setting take their toll on the unfortunate cyclist.
when gets home from work he usually goes straight to the computer instead of having a conversation with the rest of the family.
your never going to find that anywhere else unless you buy off line.
library books offensive?
libraries always need advice.
also in the a boy challenges his society because they too censored certain things.
his parents taught him that anybody you can trust his family, anybody that you help because you know they will do the same for you.
what i really want to write about is the computer.
they say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker.
i think the author concludes the story like that because its showing the time that will be passing.
this can be viewed as metaphorical also.
i agree that students depend too much on a computer and not on books, but the computer has more information to offer than the average book.
sat in the place of the boatman and had the joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
so i think that she is saying that she is not ready for the test and when she does get ready then that is when she will take it.
my opinion is that any type of material, no matter what it contains, should be able to be found on a library shelf.
but there are people who can help them see the world better.
if we start taking off book that we find offensive, there will be none left.
so in a way the human race depends on technology, actually we do depend on technology.
movies are even worse because the picture is right there in front of their faces.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
some people even believe these things should be taken off the shelves.
in the united states, they had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find.
other reasons why to say no to removing the reading material could be because has humans we always are willing to learn something new, by .
just because they have been kept away from all that all there life.
first and foremost, there are lots of things to do.
many people who use their computers reducing their metabolism.
tell them, or let them read the books you always censor at the libraries so that they know.
this is why a teacher needs to read the book before assigning it the students.
every human being has a different outlook on something that could be offensive or could not.
first, he author talks about how her parents give up what ever they had for them.
you should have to be a certain age to rent this movie.
another example is computers can find information on famous people no one knew about.
being allowed to write how they feel is what is practically based on.
her hibiscus represents courage to overcome her obstacle which is her driving test that she failed.
have you ever had to write a report?
you have a project for school and you need the right information.
the abandoned building and there being no people, could affect him emotionally.
in the memoir the author creates many moods with in it.
you can improve your coordination by making you stronger when you type.
where these people learned to love.
computers give you more resources than a book.
besides the other factors computers retard teens learning.
secondly, the computer is like a tutor.
when people think about computers the first thing they think of is games.
when you have a love one you can see them when there a way for a trip.
you can communicate with your family or friends via computer.
the same applies for magazines and movies.
those scenes or words can be put back in the movie once is sold in stores.
just get off that computer!
pg (i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean).
but it good for there health.
they think why go outside when i have all this stuff inside?
you of course need a to do thank one.
they were loving to all and they sacrificed a lot to get to where they were.
another detail is that the computer messes up your eyes by staring at that type of screen.
parents have the authority to monitor what their child involves himself or herself in.
by censoring what products are published and put in public takes away that right.
there are vast features in the setting that affects the cyclist.
because they are all ways to express ourselves.
it purifies my blood.
i root out the unwanted plants.
his journey does teach you though, that trough determination you will be rewarded.
others do not.
it would be like having someone take out a word in the .
that material is the life blood of our society.
first of all, he is bicycling through the desert.
if that is taken away, they might have a different understanding of how things really are and have different expectations of things.
after a couple more miles, he comes to small fork with a pump.
population has a computer, and check email or go on the computer every ten minutes.
there is a reason libraries have many sections.
first of all, computers have a positive effect on people.
the mood created by the in this memoir is mostly grateful through the memoir.
to prevent kids from sneaking behind your back
we now live in a world where everyone voices their opinion freely and you can not be punished for doing so.
social networking is scary in reality and too many young people are exposing themselves in making or a page.
yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount.
this will could be from the memories of her grandmother and the flowers that reminded her so closely of her old home.
i know i love reading sports magazines because i am a very true sports fan and sports are very important to me other than school.
eventually you will get hooked and play on the computer rather than go outside and have fun with your friends.
this shows that she is realizing that she is used to the arrangement right now.
over of adults complain that never enough time in day.
private libraries can do as they choose they are not under any state law.
people should be able to watch what movies they want.
people who are overweight have a higher risk of aging, and if not, then they have some pretty health problems.
first i would like to tell about the things you can do you can play basketball, handball, hang with your friends.
it shows he learned the most important lesson it this house.
in my opinion, they should not censor books.
what would become of an army without discipline?
and get dust stick.
is good and bad in a way, is good because because your phone bill wont be that high up so you save minutes.
they make our lives easier with their technology.
this will lower the risk of offending a parent or guardian.
i believe that there should not be censorship in libraries.
in conclusion the author ended the story with that to teach the reader a lesson to let change occur and time does heal.
does that mean we have the right to take it off the shelf because one is offended?
i think that because throughout the story she is upset and not really liking the change.
example, with something possibly about someone being racist.
also i believe that this symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it gives her strength from her old country.
i say this because once you hit the power button you cant get off.
this is just an example of unneeded information and skills that keeps people wanting to go back on the computer.
then they split up for good.
taking away these books will limit education.
another thing that he says is that even though almost everyone has a different race, everyone got along and help others out.
dear local newspaper, i believe computers have a good effect on people.
books are bad, and good.
it is at this point that he uses the word crippling because he is just about exhausted and cant go any further.
it lots people communicate, helps in educational decisions, and you can learn many subjects such as math, science, and language.
for now on i am going to think when i spend all mu time on the computer how it affect my life and my family, friends.
how a man would react to a given set of circumstances or action.
how would you get that information without spending a ton on airfare or gas?
the features of the setting made the cyclist more tired and thirsty.
we all know that no family is like that.
most are lazy.
she used to foot awkward and out of places.
this really improves students grades, because they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of only the information in the book.
also, i think this because she wants to wait until the seasons change to go take her test again.
in most cases, no.
i love these because they are very amusing world.
my second reason is to have a job in the computer business.
over all, the mood is loving, happy, and caring.
so why should we let anyone stop us from being ourselves?
any advertisement that show explicit material or offensive pictures or text should be removed from the view of the public.
to stay on playing mindless games, or randomly searching the web.
the heat is actually what causes the conflict in the story of the cyclist needing water.
lastly, the author created the mood modesty.
the internet is a great source for reviews and ratings of books.
children, however, should be treated as a special case.
we do not deserve offensive books that have bad things in them.
the flat road started to get very wary with short high and low hills.
there are many coordination games on the internet, like pinball of , that help build that up.
now is the time where our technology advances.
books that fourth graders read that have bad words in them.
the is a public place that allows people to read what they want.
a town is a town.
but, we need to know whats happening all over the world.
thank you for time.
he first comes to a ghost town where he finds no one is living.
write to your local newspaper.
the cyclist on her trips sees a lot of features that would discourage her.
then when you go to check your eyes, the doctor will probably give a glasses.
happiness was shown throughout the story.
he had tumbleweed, a snake and he was dehydrated.
get up and get outside!
all you have to do is search online and you could find a picture of your front yard.
thanks for the conversation.
today, many libraries have a variety of books, movies, music, and magazines to choose from.
as the president he proposed
well i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while.
with out this form of censorship, small children would be aloud to see and hear things they are not ready for.
movies are good about it though.
some victims are enough speak up but sadly, most are too afraid or ashamed to do so this is all made possible through the internet.
they console us in our sorrows.
if you do, a computer will solve your problem of communication.
i blame that grade on not having a computer at home.
computers provide easy interaction without breakups, they make it easier to learn, and if you are smart then they are safe.
putting a book or a magazine about drugs in libraries are not going to make kids or people try drugs.
we must never forget who we are as a people, and where we came from.
which can only lead to a promotion!
also, music allows the artist to bring out their side of creativity and emotion.
they leave a positive effect on people in the community and world.
this tired him out faster, since going uphill is harder than riding flat terrain.
offensive media is everywhere.
the materials might not have an effect right away but later on down the road it could have a giant effect on them.
so the more information we take off of the shelves, the less we will have in the future to help us will our problems.
censorship is taking away our freedoms and , slowly stealing them away from us.
if schools are allowed to continue censoring books, then this could lead to a downward spiral of all being censored.
the last thing needs is more kids becoming fat!!
a lot of humans sit on the computer and eat so over the time they eventually get fat.
computers are very helpful to us and improves everything about the way we live.
also it symbolizes rebirth.
they provide an easier way to life that us lazy need to survive.
i think almost every movie might offend someone in some way, so if your wanting to take every movie off the shelf then go ahead.
his wife also is a very kind lady.
so it depends on what type of things are in the book,movie, or magazine.
another way computers are beneficial is they bring everyone together.
censorship is a matter of great contention today.
to me computers are positive.
if you start going through the magazine and find something you do not like or take offense to, either keep flipping the pages or put the magazine down.
it takes forty years for a tree to grow, and seconds to cut one down.
it is possible for anything to offend anyone.
so the cyclist just keeps on riding until he comes across the bait shop or the first town as he calls it in the essay.
but you go outside sometimes you wont have to worry because you are getting exercise that helps out your body.
with out computers you really cant do any thing.
the features of the setting extremely affect the adjust in the ride to the meet town.
people all over the world do that just about everyday.
the atmosphere is more disciplined in a hostel than it is at home.
no one would know what an author would be leading too, not a single artist could display their art.
that saying there know one around to help him so if he gets hurt or something.
this might not even work, but its worth a try!
that means that the day starts at .
so if there is too much racism in a material, then that should be removed.
this memoir had one theme that meant many different things.
dear , computers are a great invention!
when she teachers she explains lessons in a simple manner.
the author was serious to the point where his family had to go through economic and personal problems.
cereals are a very important form of food for us.
such as i think that if someone wants to check out an adult book they should be required to show id at desk.
well, here is what i think of certain books or anything else that contains reading that are being taking off the shelves.
spring has a healthy effect on the body.
everyone should have their own opinion and be able to choose what they like or what they listen to or watch.
you can even learn new recipes.
some people do not like censored products because they feel it takes away from that particular thing.
sometimes people will do anything to get help or go anywhere to find it.
they help with projects and homework, learning new things and communicating with friends.
a large number of students come from villages, towns, and cities and they stay in a hostel.
the dry climate and tough terrain greatly affected the cyclist.
the author has a good reason in which she concludes the story with this.
for my conclusion all these reasons are true and computers are the greatest sources on the planet, everyone do you want education or not?
a man by the name of comes to my mind when asked about censorship in the media.
in conclusion, computers are modern devices and you are going to have to live with it.
& kids are to them.
teachers say the same thing too.
but whats the problem here?
in conclusion, the censorship of books, magazines, etc.
there are so many more things people can do besides go on the computer.
when people think of a library they think of a quiet place to study and read.
no one wants to settle for less or no frosting, and they should not have to.
thank you for your time
so why would anybody take books off the shelf for being offensive?
from staring at the horizon to get to a place to another from sucking on pebble stone to not focus on water.
on the internet you can find the same amount of valuable information or more!
but i am true to myself.
you can have a job in the computer business.
if libraries restricted material based on what people found offensive, there would be nothing left; people can find offensive material in almost any material in this century.
computers really are the best electronic in the world.
a second reason that going outside is important is for the sun.
they are the test of learning.
therefore history is taught in schools so that the bad events that occurred in history can be prevented.
those certain books are written for people with those kinds of interests.
it carries the load and draws carts.
the answer is yes, computers are a good teaching tool.
although many kids are affected by the amount of time they spend on the computer each day, there not the only ones.
books help people in many ways.
in today many young get raped.
not books that i know, can search a topic, show you pictures, and videos of it with one resource!
every movie, book, and magazine have information about something that you want to know.
unlike an advertisement that might accost us unawares, we must pick up a book and open it to receive its guidance.
it is still making them learn some thing.
in return, they were respected.
i went home with my father.
every local library or school library should be taking action in doing this for their community.
books should not be censored because an idea that is offensive to one, not be to another.
they to not be bored.
to conclude debate on censorship, plenty of arguments have been made about the views of censorship.
i feel this way being that lack of email skills, no exercising, and its addicting.
if you ask me i think they should leave up their.
plus, most people who pay their taxes online have to use their online bank accounts, so now.
i think that you should have a positive way on computers too.
but how is that fair to the other group who actually do agree with that material?
the author concludes the story with his paragraph to show how people can regain their determination.
the author of the story concludes the text with that paragraph to end on a good note and show hope for the future.
in my own personal opinion i believe forbidding works of art from libraries is the same as destroying the people created them.
for example, in , they sit on the floor they eat.
so in my opinion computers do bring out a positive effect to the world.
just because a book have certain views that can be offensive does not mean it should not be allowed on a shelf.
also, the closet water supply was somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees, there was a long crippling hill all while the sun was heating down.
i go to camp and have made friends i call my family.
so if they spent less time on the computer they would save lots money.
dear local newspaper, the effects computers have an people are not good.
also, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it.
computers have a positive effect on people.
total censorship, i feel, would not allow for people to broaden their minds.
go to the gym and loose some of that extra body weight!
some computers cost a lot money like, , or and even more than , or it depend witch one they get.
for example on some computers a business software can be incorporated, allowing a meeting to be help over the computers.
my class teacher received me.
so i believe that we can call find a healthy balance computer use.
if people were to go and start doing things besides the computer they will live a happier, healthier, and better life.
he finally came up to a fishing supply store where he was able to take a break and get a nice drink!
they should just mind their own business.
after reading this, i am sure you will agree.
what are they to do?
when the story says that the geese were , almost familiar to her now.
theses materials are what keep people connected with each other.
its not just cause there mean or because of some kind of reason to gripe.
they can write about the good, the bad, violence, crimes, love, and romance.
three just happen to be that they help people get work done faster, they help keep you in touch with friends and they help students to study.
lastly, computers are harmful because they also a deadly we open.
it all happened in no time.
where they said there would be a town it was more like a ghost town.
also you can buy league or .
its all on how you look at it you have to have a sense of humor when it comes to stuff like that.
that made him even more thirstier.
the mood being created is happiness and sadness.
this makes the cyclist thirsty and tired.
some books are just too good to be banned.
materials should never be denied from the library.
of the adults who surveyed at the public library said the computers help.
the topic of library censoring has been increasing over the past few years.
to her, the hibiscus is a symbol of herself and if it survives, she knows that she too can survive.
computers have become nearly an addiction to most teenagers.
we need to accept our neighbor and his opinions because we are all born equal.
if you find something offensive just keep yourself and your children away from it.
help people communicate about anything such as homework to other personal topics.
dear local newspaper i support the advances in technology.
he can imitate actions of the other actors successfully.
if you are religious, you should have the right to be able to read what you want.
computers are positive and they can help you when you are stuck or need to look something up.
rather than talking to complete strangers go over to your friends house.
they are the people who will be leading our country.
this would not be good for the cyclist because he would be able to get water for his trip.
what about nature?
the green leaves of absorb carbon dioxide and break it up into carbon and oxygen.
first of all, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people.
most libraries have a huge selection for all types of readers or people who would like to watch a movie.
thirdly, computers are very enjoyable!
most times i will ignore it and move on to a better book or movie.
the music nowadays are very explicit and do not need to be in hands of kids.
they should not be over used though and you need to keep a healthy mind and body.
this local market has made our lives very easy as all day-to-day items are available at a comfortable distance.
the first mood the author showed for this story was being grateful.
computers are a nice device to have and are by far, used daily by almost everyone.
she too can make it through the cold months.
i think a decent amount of time on the computer, you can benefit from.
that will be the kids will get fat and kids will never want to go out side they will want to play video games, eat junk food.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
first off computers are a positive thing because they can get almost anything done for you.
although with internet, i can talk to my family whenever i want!
the roots are her past and although they are buried, they are not forgotten.
and that you have homework?
it talks about the endless celebrations and countless congregations of family and friends.
music is used for many different ways.
we need stricter libraries.
people can use a webcam, aim, or email to communicate with other people.
so computers do have a positive effect on people.
teenagers should be mature enough to be able to read a book with a few swear words in it, or someone killing another person.
the bikers feelings and attitude changed as often as the setting did.
sure they might be on hours in a day but they do other stuff in between like school, meals and activities.
i think the answer is yes, as long as it offends more than a few people.
some people were standing in a queue.
i learn stuff from the computer, and it is a fun thing to go on.
getting in trouble can mean some serious punishment.
in this paragraph i am going to tell you about why i think that people should other things than going on the computer all night.
bird watches monthly has had a decrease in subscriptions the because people are not interested in nature anymore.
this is meaningful because the girl considers the day that she had to be horrible and that this statement ends the day on a good note.
if materials are offensive they should not be displayed.
leave the libraries as they are, as the monuments to the preservation and progression of knowledge and wisdom.
they are easy to learn how to use, you can connect with old friends, and even learn by going to an online school or college they offer.
the internet and computers are waiting to explode and invade the minds of everybody.
what will you choose?
if some people like to chat with each other they use cell phones.
she then takes it home and shows the plant to her mother.
in the beginning of the essay the cyclist, rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on [his] face.
like the hibiscus the girl overcomes her weakness of not being able to drive by remembering her homeland.
so in my opinion, life without computers would be good for everyone.
everyone remembers sometime when someone said something offensive to them.
no matter how far away they go.
while cycling, you are in need of clean water.
books are alphabetically arranged in these cabinets.
a person has their own rights to choose what they want to read, watch, or listen to.
its color is white.
i feel that abortions can come off a bit harmful to a that has not been born yet.
if someone does not approve of a movie or something, they can search another shelf.
we will ask each other on this website.
first the setting at the middle of the story was empty and no place to get water.
you are always sitting at the computer desk then you might be like that.
after he reached the first town he checked his supply.
should they or should they ?
how do we get it out?
they give people a chance to learn things.
that student did not even say ‘hello’ to me.
most people wonder where their children learn curse words or sexual behavior and do not consider media as the problem.
we need this fixed
we have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism over time.
there is more than just books at the public library, there are movies and documentaries of our nation and the .
spending so much time on a computer can really damage a person posture.
this makes the ride seem larges so it also makes it harder to ride.
in fact, a study that took place from to to see the long lasting terms computer overuse had some shocking results.
books are important to this world as well as movies and magazines and such.
one of those countless hardships was the setting that he was in.
she is stressed about failing the drivers test, country, but it is and she realizes that nothing is the same.
as you can see, education is the most important reason why we use computers.
the desert climate burrows down upon the cyclist.
my school library is a quiet place.
they say it is very hot and there is sand everywhere.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive.
mostly everything you do in life have to deal with some type of computer.
fellow , i painfully state this fact.
a complete citizens and drives them from family and friends.
it was a movement of non-violance.
these people are not alone.
i translate the vow into when things start to be normal again it will get much better for her in this new country.
when that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips.
computers have not helped society for all of these reasons and more.
the question is what effects do computers have on people?
but if we would simply read about the movie on the back of the case or ask about it then we would know to choose a different movie.
these materials are not good for children, offend people, and do not look good on the libraries that carry them.
libraries require all sorts of books to make it a qualified library.
some people think that people use computers too much.
this is important to because i am not very well organized when it comes to school.
unless having books that seem offensive is worse than having the events we dread happen again, then books that are found offensive should not be censored.
as you can see, it would help kids with whatever they are studying.
the novel ' ' is an example of censorship being taken to the extreme.
it grows well in warm and wet climates.
many different materials are found in libraries and some of them are more censored than others.
they can lose their job cause your missed work cause your on the computer for doing nothing work cause computer.
these children share what they have with their friends, and these other children start doing the same things.
computers for example, are in the eyes of most people, fast, easy and fun, but they also pose as a problem.
teenagers as well as adults have become very lazy.
also, the things we read everyday are what make us who we are so there, in fact, should not be less books but more.
censorship should not be allowed because it limits what people can read.
people can be offended in the most easiest ways.
thank you for your time in reading this letter
books have been an important tool for students for a long time.
one day her time will come for her to bloom.
she knows that she will pass the test.
movies show history and show you want happens to people when they do the wrong things what will happen to them.
the text states,
for teenagers, keep it educational but be more relaxed about it.
in the last paragraph when she vows that she will take that test again it gives you a sense that everything will be okay.
second, using the people can share their wares on sites including and .
he only says the good things about them.
however, the truth of the matter is that some people spend way to much time on the computer.
with computers it makes going green more possible.
some people feel that having particular material displayed on shelves of libraries is rather offensive to specific individuals.
really that great the reason for it is because the books that are on the shelf is.
once a mind is aware of such adult matters they will look at the world completely different.
maybe kids of all ages should have identification.
in urban areas, we can see people keep taps open.
this can help us.
do you know online you can exercise your brain?
i remember when i had a cut on my arm that looked weird, my mom was to heal a wound.
he has to ride up and down small and large hills through what he believes is a shortcut to his destination.
the features surrounding the cyclist effect him greatly.
all the teachers and students like him.
how would what should be gotten rid of and what should not be decided?
if people want to see about a restaurant, store or product, they can do that online.
that is history in this world and they should know it.
if you have you are aware that there are some ideas in this book that bring up many controversies.
books, magazines, movies, etc.
this is where the setting changes because the cyclist found cool water finally.
they had to leave their country, their friends and family, and they had to pretty much start their lives over again.
but i know that even though i find the subject to not be appropriate or of any use to me, another person will.
another example is: the heat, the location, time of day, and time of the year.
have you ever wondered how libraries pick their books?
his father also lives with him.
in a way books are both bad and good.
i the culture and how you need to appreciate what you have.
i mean, computers help people learn how to use there eyes and hands t the same time.
everyone has different taste in movies, music, books, etc.
it should die down eventually.
within a few seconds you will have searched hundreds more libraries newspapers and even other computers to find information on your topic.
they want to sell and advertise their product and they have a right to do so.
with any luck id hit a bump and ledge one in my throat.
dear , i believe that computers do have a positive effect on people.
when you type, you start of looking at the keys but eventually you memorize all the locations of the keys.
dear newspaper, this year my school and a cop come into my school and tell me and my peers about the dangers of online.
no one has the right to govern what others believe in the world.
the reason why one book is removed could relate to another book and could get that one to be removed also.
i feel this way because people need to start exercising it more, and interact with family and friends.
he does not claim any special favor for himself.
he also talks about how a house is not necessarily a home, not without memories, your family, and something or someone that you trust.
then we have the knowledge portion of the issue.
it is our duty to cooperate with him.
family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers.
this is why the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
some material could be banned for something as simple as one provocative word, sentence or even a thought.
fortunately, he did find civilization when he came to a fishing supply shop.
we are not accountable for what other people do.
rappers most of the time rap about female ,killing people , and etc.
there should be equal rights all over, yes even in libraries.
based on the quote you can infer that the cyclist will ignore their advice about having the best map.
my conclusion is that they should not censor material because it offends someone.
by condemning the book, one condemns the author.
but once she gets home, and tells her mother she failed her driving test, she seems to feel better.
do you believe in hiding books and movies that are over ?
what harm could it cause to see it now.
it made this new place feel closer to home than it did at first.
the ideas of resilience when faced with challenge , and the determination to adapt and succeed.
like almost everything out there, the internet could be used for good, or for harm.
he gets up early in the morning and goes to his clinic.
it has become quite aware to me the problem we face in our media today.
it is happy because the author gives the reader a great explanation and description of his life at home.
the cyclist and his journey in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit were impacted by the setting.
wild animals depend on trees for food and shelter and birds make their nests on trees.
therefore the author begins and ends with the same subject.
had to be intimidating.
because the author is showing that nature and the plant are valuable to her.
checking the computer is the first thing they do when they get home from school and the last thing hey do before going to sleep at night.
but how could you?
in conclusion i think that if a book is on a shelf, the book should be taken off if found offensive.
the author of this story created quite a mood in these few paragraphs.
teens relieve a lot of stress on the web.
you could feel like you were having the time or your.
means hes starting to realize his waters running short.
these people can have views and values of their own, formed by, among other factors, influential books they have read throughout their life.
it hurts the people, cutting off their access to knowledge.
lastly, computers can be very dangerous.
computers are also beneficial because of what huge resource they are.
in closing, overusing your computer can cause health problems, put your safety at risk, and hurt your education.
also he ran out of water and there was nothing but desert and poisonous snakes around.
everyday people are being digitally sucked in.
another simple fact is that the constitution that we have the freedom of , which basically means we print and read whatever we want.
because i have a choice if i want to watch it or not.
therefore, i believe censorship is wrong.
spending to much time on the computer can mess up your vision or damage your body.
then seconds the computer said you have a virus.
to become a meson is not to easy.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you because computers are affecting humans in many ways.
without computer my mom would have more in other countries.
recently people are trying to censorship libraries for what they seen what their kids are reading or have been acting lately.
if a teenager is continually reading books or watching movies that have violence in them, then they might think violent behavior is all right.
my last argument is that people can talk to anyone using chat sites.
by next spring shell be able to drive.
that choice is up to not to read the magazine, not to the librarian.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
even a rough draft they want me to type.
so remember, even though computers are
this is what i think on the censorship on the book, movies, music, magazine, etc.
to censor libraries would neglect parent responsibilities, destroy our profitable media, and be unconstitutional.
to do assignments for a job or school.
hear all the birds chirping and see the trees and flowers bloom!
a person should be able to get their information without the censorship of others.
music is like a drug to me, and i am addicted.
computers take away their time that could be used towards getting a college education, why waste them?
a sport that requires a lot of this is .
people have a right to do what makes them happy.
to be honest libraries should have sections of books depending on the age or grade they are in.
she sit and thought is that just a little to much to ask for.
i might look at it to see what it says but i would not say anything about it.
one reason why i believe that should stay on the shelves.
now please read on for my second reason.
there should be a huge meeting.
what is offensive in libraries?
so by saying that she will take the test again when it is budding is like saying she will take the test again when its budding again.
i think that computers are perfect and can help you build skills.
if we were to take away every thing that someone in the world finds offensive, there would be nothing left.
almost every library is very organized into categories.
it is, however, a dark omen of what is to come is censorship is freely given power.
some play until their entire lives are devoted to playing.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends.
censorship to a book is like chocolate cake without the chocolate, its taking away the value and fun out of education.
no for live but for our life or something .
i have reason it build skills, fast information and fun.
many people who spend most of their time on the computer are or became obese.
that is how he or she expresses themselves through their writing!
first since he was in a desert, the heat of the desert greatly dehydrated him on his journey to the parts.
it get harder and harder to continue his ride.
the girl is going to keep trying until she finally passes.
and you can chat with them as long as there online.
a computer can help you find directions to almost plan on earth.
schools teach children about almost anything does that mean schools should be shut down?
the hibiscus is budding represents growth.
also in censorship we would be exterminating our freedom of speech and the freedom to express ourselves.
but i would have to disagree i think those books deserve to be read.
she found that the condition of the wounded was hopeless there.
he begins to despair even more.
the answer is no.
all you will have to type one time or another.
the setting is very important in every story and can change everything.
it is his pride that makes the readers feel happy for him.
that leads me to my last point, that no information can be bad information.
why is censorship important in libraries?
his water shortage is the second thing that affects him because it makes him despair and feel that he is about to collapse and die.
dear , in your newspaper, i read an article that sparked my interest.
i exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends and family too.
the author created a mood in the memoir.
all we can do hope our children does turn on the radio that tuned into that crap and say ' that sound like good music.'
books including racial slurs, sexual content, and offensive religious comments can accidentally be stumbled upon while searching for something else.
many people think that using computers is a bad thing, but look at the facts!
my father used my elder brother’s bicycle to teach me how to ride.
but every town the cyclist came to was deserted.
she is determined to succeed, and the hibiscus itself represents triumph over obstacles.
the author could be planning to write a sequel to this short story.
everyone has the right to express themselves through art in their own way.
on average it takes seconds to find information.
with a computer you could research anywhere you want and make that trip the best days your life.
are kids reading or watching this stuff?
i now realize the importance of my mother.
computers give negative effects on people, for example, lose eye sight, interacting with strangers online and lack of outdoor exercise.
to his relief its a bolt shop that was still in business.
these machines have helped scientists to do experiments.
should some material be taken off the shelves all because of it offending someone else?
the author of winter hibiscus ends the story with this paragraph because it reveals the importance of the winter hibiscus.
the thing that most affected him was the lack of water.
the cyclist was determined and confident he could make this journey.
and you can pay your bills on the computer.
this shows that she really is adjusting to her new home, and has hope for when spring comes, and the geese return, and hibiscus bloom.
there are a lot of facts teachers do not teach that books can.
or perhaps the parents do not care about what their children have access to.
these materials people find offensive have no reason to be banned.
keep these items on the shelves!
some of us swam and dived in the cold water.
i would think that computers give a positive effect on people.
another reason why you should agree with me is because on computers we can communicate easier.
if not their parents, then the media right?
this one reason why many people use computer.
that is why she says she will pass the test when the hibiscus buds bloom.
it also says in the text that the terrain changed and he even came upon a snake, which added to his thirst.
what might be offensive to one person interest another.
everybody thought he was crazy and got angry at his thinking.
on the other hand, are some books offensive to readers.
these remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members.
a number of children in the are unable to read at their appropriate grade level.
not wanting their children to be exposed to explicit or graphic material is understandable.
the car was badly smashed.
censorship is affecting society, ensuring that our freedoms are to be taken away.
at the library i go to they have any kind of book, music, movie, and magazine you want.
there are many types of reading materials for people to read in a library.
libraries cant please everyone.
parents often find offense in the authors schools choose to make students read, saying their ideas and ways of thinking are to single minded and wrong.
meanwhile, the stray dogs are really troublesome for the people.
most children that go to a library already know what kind of book they want and are with an adult at all times.
online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly.
it could be happening with every letter you press.
the answer to this big question is no.
you have so many links you can go to and sites.
my friend was having so much fun on the computer he forget to do his homework.
is there really one person who could make a such a choice for everyone?
have you ever thought about how much easier it is college course online.
he or she does not have much time for sleep and rest.
as a society, we are becoming too dependent on technology supervisor says.
all of these thing are the definition of family.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
these are the ways that the author shows the mood in the memoir.
love and sacrifice is the mood throughout the memoir that the author created.
there are features of the setting that affects the cyclist on his journey.
the concluding paragraph is a fitting way to wrap up the story.
reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, and exercising are bad effects on society, then what is good?
the snow melting represents her sorrows going away as the sun shows how she will succeed and grow like the hibiscus plant she had bought.
this can be a big problem.
this not seem like much but, on the battle field, it can make the difference between life on death.
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
google search places to learn about.
if you have a long distance friend or family member, there are how many ways to talk to them.
at the end he finds a store which affects him because he gets a cool drink and same supplies which helped him.
when someone can sit around all day clicking a mouse or typing keys in, how much are they really getting?
if it can help a driver turn his wheel faster or hit his break i think that hand eye coordination could help that driver stay out of an accident.
now, they see each other almost every week.
instead the person can go around this section of the library or they could not pay attention to the materials.
there are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family.
it could maybe mean that you want to learn about it so you can understand it more.
some people are overweight because they eat and then do not exercise after.
this means that he was partially all by himself and he had no one to go to.
dear local newspaper, i just read about your article regarding the computer usage.
with the sun beating on his back and the emptiness of the road he might have begin to want to turn back.
everyone has their own choice when it comes to picking up a book.
people need to see how beautiful our world is if we really want to save it.
these are the types of mood described in the memoir.
he thought he was going to die.
after you have all of these, you can connect with the rest of the world!
computers make people develop hand eye coordination.
the internet and computers are a wealth of information.
the desert that he was in.
there is no need for an angry public or strikes.
if they have access to it then they are going to take it and borrow it.
this shows that people on computers are not only young, but they want to be on the computer more than be outside.
this is another reason why computers are bad.
once, most of the population could use these tools to help find their way through information or a place.
this question might be answered forever.
computers have helped students and teachers.
the setting which is a desert in the summer affects the cyclist.
i myself have talked with my sister in a different room while using the computer so the computer lets you interact with friends and family too!
it effected the cyclist very much.
well, brother is going to in six months and i am going to want to talk with him.
human beings do not always want to learn the same things.
lastly, computers helps you communicate with others.
these computers provide access to games helpful in training.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
these help you find long lost sibling or whom ever you want to find.
with this, you can play many fun while learning about interesting facts about science.
this is the reason for the author to conclude this story like he does.
what makes something offensive
however the comparison between writing something offensive and being offensive is far different.
they just want something to read.
this could not work in our society today.
but until her flowers are gone, she will not worry about school.
when i asked what movie she was looking at, she turned the cover over with no reservation and, said' '.
dear newspaper , i think, in my opinion, that computers benefit to society greatly.
that is all i have to say for now.
i read a book that was about some one killing cats and i found that offensive because i love cats i would never hurt them.
a lot of times in families, instead of spending time together.
people should stop spending so much time on the computer and get outside or get active because computer use does have a negative effect.
by doing this they try and get it to be published, and put in stores so people can buy it.
for someone who is quickly running out of water, this this irony could make one lose their resolve to continue.
hobbies fill a gap.
families also are distant form each other when they sit around on .
i think they are very great to have.
it was very hard to bike in these conditions, and is important to always be prepared and know were you are going.
first, he talks about his welcoming house.
to start with basic, some people get too obsessed with computers.
when she says, when the geese return their faint honks and flying overhead are familiar to her now season upon season.
now, before you start getting it into your mind that it was something bad, i can assure you, it was nothing other than stacks of cards.
when parents get movies they try and keep those scenes hidden from their children.
the snow always melts when the seasons change.
so the best choice would be to keep this material away from minors, if it is contained within your library
games are very fun, but they fry your brain.
so for the student to have the book unlocked and checked they have an electronic key to unlock books for the age group they are in.
lastly, if students have project or homework that they need information on the computer could always help.
it saved his life.
society is always dealing with what is appropriate and what is not.
thank you for reading my opinion.
censorship can eliminate many varieties of reading materials that people can learn from and enjoy.
but at night after dinner i started feeling very tense.
soon they start making a name for themselves by using such language or actions and eventually becomes known as the bad kid.
people can past inappropriate information on their own for others to see that can be impossible to take.
soon people will be marrying them.
just think about it anything you can do on a computer you can do without a computer.
secondly, you can search the web for research.
people are very easily distracted on computers, it wastes time, and it causes stress.
the ideas conveyed by literature, music, and movies are an art.
computers are addicting also because of online computer games.
studying and school work.
i label magazines as a light read and very good at passing free time.
no one told you that you had to read it.
we can learn many things about the countries and also the sportsmen and women we meet.
it broke everything down into details!
computers are the ultimate way communicate.
this statement shows him going down the hill.
first, people are not interacting with family and friends.
people should have the right to read, watch, or listen to anything they want uncensored.
another reason why i think books or magazines should be removed from a shelf is to learn new thing.
after a week of this game.
he set up a different group of disciples called bhikkus.
but really if you think about it, its all selfish to take away material someone else wants to learn about.
therefore they are held accountable for their actions.
every day in the morning before school checks on the weather, on his computer to make sure it is safe to go school.
my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends.
you could pick a book up learn about it and how to deal with it.
the next day i might learn something in school that i want to search deeper into.
we can see things we would be seeing we were present at the place, but instead on a monitor in your home.
at first, people waved a friendly hello but nothing more.
last sunday, there was an accident near india gate.
i think people need to realize that computers are over the humans.
she is determined to pass the test when spring arrives, and blossom again.
would be in the dark.
so, the mood in the memoir was love, towards his parents.
there it is with the date exactly.
you can get addicted to one subject until you lose everything else you have.
so censoring these would in turn censor one voice and emotions.
moreover, statistics show that of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph.
if you buy computer games like a cooking game you can learn how to cook.
you can learn so much more information faster.
lastly, a sense of gratitude runs along the spine of this piece.
you can talk to each other.
but if your an adult you should be able to read, listen, or watch whatever you want to.
many children take in every word of a story and turn it into a reality.
thank god he had a computer, because other wise he would not have able to communicate with his friends.
i hope you take my side about my opinion about computers and that they definitely have a positive affect on people.
millions of spend countless hours with their eyes glued to ', and monitor screens.
books, movies, music and etc.
with out inappropriate media on our library shelves, our world would be a better place.
if you run out of energy while cycling, you have nothing.
the way the author puts the words and uses them shows the mood of the memoir is grateful.
he passes a closed juice factory.
the setting could have killed him if it was not for the fish camp.
when inappropriate material is inside a child might innocently read into or see something they are not supposed to.
the terrain was also not very ideal for a cyclist on a hot .
in conclusion, there are many things in this work that emphasize a relaxed, caring mood.
books are very helpful when it comes to essays or etc.
i have seen some great movies but i have also see some bad ones too.
is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family.
one example that describes this is from paragraph .
not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but interesting people.
writing is a form of expression.
another girl with her computer, talks to her friends.
books on the subject would provide help for those going throughout life with suicidal thoughts.
another thing i like are sports.
of the population of said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen.
in conclusion, the reasons i feel this why are because people need to exercise more, and interact with family and friends.
when you enter a library or a book store of course you will find that you like and dislike.
computers have helped catch law enforcement for a little bit more than years.
the author of the memoir is thankful of her parents and to the rest of her family.
the geese will return and the hibiscus will bud to show spring is here with new life.
it takes one person to make the difference.
they teach you how to use a computer.
books are tools for learning and taking them away would be harmful to education.
the many books, movies, music, and magazines in the world could be offensive.
another major reason is because of the extreme health issues computers are.
computers are amazing and society benefits from them by a lot.
if you see something and you want it so bad.
although some it has a wonderful computers have established incredible ways of communication.
people kids watch, and lesson to all kinds of music and movies.
books are the same way as movies and music.
in , elementary educators are not required to teach their students to spell, at all.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is very appreciative and grateful.
whether if for work or pleasure, everyone uses a computer.
teachers especially at the elementary level, must be very creative with their teaching styles.
everywhere so much of noise is there and the people have grown insensitive and are not affected by this.
computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you stare at one for too long.
sister also helps me to nurse them in the evenings.
imagine standing outside, the warm sun dancing on your back, jumping into the pool and feeling the cool water flow around you.
then your going to pay for that as well.
finally my last reason, its not only educational its also fun.
he recalled i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
that it would be along while before anyone would be able to find him.
also, the sun beating down on him made his body more warm and making it harder for him to focus on what he was trying to do.
nature helps save the brain.
they have the right to ban it from themselves, but it is up to each individual whether or not it is banned for everyone.
now this sounds like it just lazy but it is something nice to do for a distraction to other things.
i know people argue that computers should be used less, but could you get through a week without using one computer?
they need to be in the right state of mind and get back to reality.
one of them being freedom of speech, along with freedom of press.
the profession of a teacher is not easy.
the kids could see something they think is really neat on the and then go out and try that.
also it would not matter to me if i walked or drove or rode my bike to the library.
they are constitutionally protected in the things they say.
dear newspaper editor, i think computer are a benefit to everyone.
this is a very difficult topic to argue with.
anybody with a teen at home knows that.
first, the hot days with not a lot of water to drink.
the settings also made the cyclist a little frightened for instance, the cyclist came across a snake that he was terrified of.
remember them that there is a whole life out there without the sex, drugs, and profanities.
in our library, we have this section.
if this type of movie is not , then i know that some of this stuff on the screen happen in real life.
once the store has lost customers, they lose money, then they might even lose their store.
like making holiday and birthday cards.
first of all, in the story it says and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke ().
, you better get yourself a laptop before the next giant essay comes!
whether they like it or not things are offensive to somebody out there and there is nothing we can do out there to change that.
this would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem.
we have phones that can easily allow us to browse the web as we please just like a computer.
i think using the computer is great.
there are times when a soldier gets wounded or may even die.
the most important use for computers is learning.
it shows he has love for anyone who comes close to him.
these people roam through the internet day and night trying to find little boys and girls.
i also use it to write conclusions for science labs.
my bicycle has a carrier too.
my censorship on materials that show offense in libraries is they should not be taking off the shelves.
now if she makes a song that is offensive to me and as well as my friends, then that where i draw the line.
it is not the libraries fault it is the people who are borrowing them.
in conclusion, i believe computers effect our society in a positive way.
dear newspaper: i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
also most younger kids that go there are always with an adult.
for example the cyclist says not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
for example, he describes his parents hardships here in the not with pity for them but with pride.
we just cannot pretend that we all live in a perfect world where everyone is polite and caring.
he would live on, telling people not to listen to old men.
they even have webcams so you can see each other.
it can help to learn from mistakes and solve problems.
i think that computers have a good effect on people.
do you want your kids like that?
it is far better to leave all the books alone so that everyone can find something to enjoy reading.
they also might like to learn things that they never thought about learning.
in one leg and he hobbles when he walks.
secondly, the more time you spend cooped up inside the less time you get to enjoy nature.
, the less interesting title is what your news will change to if people keep using computers.
eventually, everyone sees or hears offensive things.
dear , has been brought to my attention that some people feel that computers are bad for us.
that even though you left your family, friends, jobs everything is okay because you are with each other.
in books, magazines, shows, movies, on the , you name it.
now is the time to get on your feet and find something else to do!
computers do teach you more things, but they also have games.
the people inside the buses too got wet.
this showed how welcoming people they loved was important.
if you go on vacation and forget to turn off the lights, you can use your hand held computer to turn it off.
in less than , blacks children walked out of the room yelling curse words at the top of their lungs.
so when you teacher is grading on neatness no worry.
in this time try and find a good action movie without cuss words in it.
dear newspaper, people are spending to much time on their computers.
the decisions we make should be influenced by a rating system put in place for all media.
not for any one thing in particular, just gratitude.
one cyclist was coming in the opposite direction.
i love going though the books in the library you never know what to expect out a book
they instant message, listen to music, go on , , or .
for example say you have a turkey in the oven and your so in the computer you forget all about it until the fire alarm goes off.
some music be offensive to other people, but does that mean you should get rid of it at the library?
third of all, i would like to say people are spending more time on the computer than with their own family.
when you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource.
the setting was calm and peaceful as he started out riding his bike.
i had no idea that she had cancer.
obviously, will do much more harm than good.
when you are typing on the computer your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening at an incredible rate!
as the readers of these books we need to know what point of view this is coming from and not choose a book that goes against our personal beliefs.
they would start a conversation with you like they would ask you for your name and where you live.
computers, more and more people are using them.
the only censorship they should put into libraries is rating the items by maturity.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because of the many things that could make happened to him.
also, not everything found is what is true or right.
learning about cultures is very important because if people travel they need to know how they can respect each other.
everyone has the choice whether they either want to read the book, or they do not.
if parents find the materials that are within libraries offensive, they should monitor their children while they are visiting their library.
there is even at home colleges now where you take your class online.
magazines like , or .
is always exceptions to whatever people say.
the second reason why computers are bad is because of what people past on the computer about other people.
some material be appropriate for children, but they also are all inappropriate.
the positive effects of computers on people are infinite, but we need to learn not to take them for granted.
how you feel if your favorite book was taken off the shelves of your school or public library?
such as a homework question or just to talk for fun.
snakes are poisonous.
instead of censoring our youth of from history we need to set age limits.
and everyone needs to get past the offensive side and get to a level where everyone sees eye to eye.
and is most certainly not fair to the reader who is reading the book.
it also tells you how to treat it and where to find the medicine.
the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
a movie being so outrageously graphic or violent is a fine example (although the same thing can happen in books, just with words instead of pictures).
i just am located so far away, its so much easier.
for example, the other day, my mom was checking her email and came access the stay of a young, starving.
so what do you do?
this means that he would have to peddle harder and with greater force in order to get over the hills.
as you keep reading you will find out my third reason for being to much and so long in the computers.
computers are one of the best things that has ever been made.
first of all computers allow you to talk to other people online.
of her daughter.
that got me thinking.
he would talk about how selfless and kind they were.
today in our society many things can be taken in many different way.
movies should be judged a little more carefully in my eyes, because movies are like show and tell.
the story ends with the paragraph to show how the winter hibiscus has taught her something about overcoming obstacles.
lastly, computers provide games for your personal entertainment, which helps kill boredom.
he writes that in a way which could make the reader feel that he is extremely happy.
it is no different with books.
above all, i hate all those persons who indulge in anti-social and anti-national activities.
and thank you for having time to read this.
the communication is much easier than talking on the phone.
if a person is offended by something someone wrote, they should just avoid reading it.
it improved his baseball career (by throwing and catching the ball) and increased his grades in school.
i fell that this test is stupid i hate reading and writing.
i still am satisfied and so are they.
i am years old and i go to a in called .
censorship is kind of out of the way.
to make matters worse, my favorite uncle dropped in.
the internet keeps us updated and informed on whats going on all around the world without even going there.
so why not sell it or rent it out.
as students mature, homework is taken seriously.
finally do computers benefits society?
all of these facts to one final solution, which is keeping computers in our society.
finally, people have less time to interact with family and friends.
a few minutes passed.
if you have a test or quiz in , you can go on your computer and print out practice sheets.
the explains one of the more major downfalls in and how it brutally effected the people struggling for life and money.
typing is also another advantage.
for example, you can jump rope, go to the park, go swimming, play in the snow and many more.
the right to read the books, magazines, and watch the movies you like should always be present.
i think that offensive books and music and media should not be taken off of the shelves.
also the might be times go on a trip and know how much it cost and how long its going to take to set to you destination.
give the book a chance for it have a power that is unrealized.
the memoir explains how proud the author was of their parents.
there are many reasons why censorship can be thought of as a good thing, or a bad thing.
the mood that the author created was very happy and full of joy.
mr. rohith sharma is my class teacher.
if they are gone, cultures would be misunderstood and forgotten.
its the same thing with the other things like the magazines, books and music.
with the help of internet i was able to see a far away place and experience the country as if i was there.
i and my youngest sister remain at home some fear.
computer can anybody who uses it.
not two miles flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
i define censorship as preventing someone from seeing or reading something due to personal views rather than for the good of the sheltered person.
i mean, every time you hit that on switch, you and the computer become attached.
finally, say someone wants to learn about for fun: they type in look at all the websites, choose the best one, and start reading.
another reason we benefit from having computers, is we learn about far away places.
the book that choosing is called ' .'
with out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy.
if there are people that want to see that kind of stuff there are other ways of getting that material.
there is a pace that makes him feel like nothing wrong.
one hundred percent of factual books is correct.
music on the radio, television shows, or the internet is all censored.
so if you need to find a job then you can go on the computer and find a job that is right for you.
therefore, computers are very important for communication in our society.
the next thing to come along is an old juice building that almost seems to mark him on how he has no water.
this can certainly inflame groups, and even start protest or boycotting it.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
on average, out of suffer from stress.
i hope that after reading this, you realize that being on the computer is not always good for you.
first off, the mood starts with being friendly.
for the children they have a nice comfy spot for them to pick a book and sit down and read it.
it is necessary to water them every day.
you could even try and make some good health ones that advertise good health for people and teens.
distractions are everywhere.
find about without the expense of a plane ticket.
she thought he seemed acceptable when he said he was and a model.
also for projects, in grade i had to learn about , the country in .
but my ambition is to be a teacher.
someone can learn about far away places by searching it up online.
and in the garden, when she talks to her mother and plants the flower.
they should go on a family trip and enjoy together!
i think that computers help society learn and helps people to talks to others around the world.
the latest gossip can be found in many magazines.
finally, computers allow people to talk online.
the causation of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended their television or video games.
when the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, the cyclists journey became exhausting,never ending, and difficult.
she could never really stop me because that explicit language was being said wherever i went.
i came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier.
that is just unfair, and unjust to some people.
the budding of the hibiscus represents the time when shell be prepared to take the test.
first of all just learning how to use the computer is a skill you need in life.
another example is the state he put under his tongue.
dear newspaper, i think computers are good for you because talk online, teach hand eye coordination, and other stuff too.
just think about what our world, our knowledge, our society would be like if we did not have these precious things.
you can get them at any ticket sales website.
however, are you really gaining any social skills by doing this?
people think, the invention of computer, and the internet is a terrify thing, but truly is terrible time consumer.
for example, chat rooms can reach up to hundreds of people.
just go outside if someone kicks you off your computer.
need an idea of where to go?
how there parents always had their arms and door open to many people knowing they would do the same for them.
for example, your in the desert cycling for many hours very hot and only have limited water.
would upset too many customers and the use of libraries would probably dwindle.
experts agree, that computers and other types of technology are to blame.
if i am listening to music, i listen to the beat and the words at first.
three fourths kids under age go online more than adults age because the interest in what is on it.
i professionals say that of kids have researched a project online then used a print source and found that information to be false.
it is a very bad idea to take the books off of shelves and take music off of the radio.
i do not believe this amazing novel should be seen in this way.
so why should you pull something off the shelf in stores or libraries just because its offensive to one person
the postman brings us news from our friends and relatives.
also the author concludes this because the good luck charm the hibiscus gave more confidence and when say it real confident one will succeed.
everyone has a different opinion on what books they like to read.
it keeps the government informed of people’s wishes, desires and aspiration can be expressed.
he tried a drop or two and the water tasted like battery acid.
as you can see, i agree that computers are a bad idea.
act now!!!
on a game a user talk to friends, while a game such as a ( ) for example online, game.
that my final reason for why you should go with computers.
what do you want your children to be able to see in their public library?
one of the main advantages about computers is they allow people to communicate through them.
instead you can type it quick and use spell check.
all the precious articles in the almirahs were also safe.
the charm is enhanced many folds.
and because he misses so many days a school year he usually keep bad grades.
if you ask me, computers are going to soon be a big problem in our lifestyles.
when i was in the eighth grade i went to for a church missions trip.
for example, near the end of the essay the cyclist is already exhausted and hopeless but then sees a building over a hill.
but, you stay home to webcam with your aunt.
in the memoir, the author shows love by not only showing the love between the child and the parents but by also showing the love throughout the community.
it can also bring families together.
education can get anywhere, if you want it.
just remember, whenever you can, go out and play or hang out with friends and family.
it is situated in south delhi.
i like books better then internet myself.
you can not hide things from them.
sure one joke can make everyone love you, but when one person is not very fond of you, well that speaks a thousand words.
most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis.
you can talk to people without the long distance fees of .
i think having a computer is good because you can research stuff and you can meet people and chat with them.
you can learn about all this and more if read on.
the song inspired many of the famous singers you know.
financial, and body problems, like people do.
this is happening all around the world and it need to !
some people games and play.
the path of the cyclist suggested by some old men makes the heat even worse because there are no people or water in sight.
this will one move slowly away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you.
makes me frustrated.
the flat ground models how there is nothing around that can help the cyclist, which made him scared.
this activity what , they monitor, lets you at , everyday, since he comes home and plays on the computer and more time exercising.
it is an important thing to think about.
in a recent poll done by magazine, it stated that of people between the ages of and prefer to be online rather than outside exercising.
my friend has a little brother that is always playing games on the computer.
second, it allows people to communicate with their friends, , it helps with schoolwork and makes things much easier.
no one even cares to screen these books before they hit the shelves.
so i hope that people can someday understand the limit to were something can actually be offending.
for moving to , making sacrifices, wanting a better life for them.
i found that horrible.
should certain materials be removed from your public library?
the author concludes the story with the main character vowing to take the drivers test again to symbolize moving forward.
this shows exactly how hot it was and how much he was drinking.
library materials must be checked.
most people will say no we are not but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh say go outside!
do i find it offensive to some?
going on the computer can also be very addicting.
most people in the have at least one and the number grows still.
i think that computers are an important part of a persons life because the information found on a computer is very useful.
he explained flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
decades ago when it was set into place that anyone was aloud to practice their right to speak freely, the idea of censorship was not in the plan.
there are websites that can help you find information.
also, a of says that less people needed a loan when the computer came out with instant messaging and video chatting.
dear of the daily, i am writing you to address the issue of computers in our society today.
in the essay rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit time setting very much affects the cyclist during the story.
the setting affected the cyclist in a few different ways.
they also need adult combinations to preview the movie.
growing realization that l could drop from heatstroke this shows that he was tensely aware that he could die from the suns might.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
she also misses her family and how they look and dress.
imagine how tough it would be without a computer to rely on when you have no idea how to answer something.
there should be no reason that we are not allowed to see, read, or listen to whatever we would like to as a nation.
you race back to the library only to find out that it is closed.
i am a reader my self and i like to read in peace.
he is saying that as the things around him began to change the more he got scared.
the two men say, know the best way to get there?
she could even contact her doctors to see her condition after.
his report card is unbelievable.
even though you hear them daily, you should never get them from the public library or even any public place where children are around.
i think that libraries will have more business with the offensive things then without.
i think that it was there home and each other because they have there home just as they like like, like when they were back home.
there were no computers, this hand eye coordination could never developed!
i want to tell you all of the great things computers do not make our lives so much easier.
being with your family is important because their fun go out with.
he was a little scared at the fact he might die because of everything around him was in a sense dead.
from experience with using the internet.
the main character was huckleberry finn who was a poor english boy whose father was a third class drunkard.
in my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities.
i hope you agree with me!
not having computers would have a worse effect on people then with having computers.
there could have been people in the world who did agree with his thoughts and would have been interested to read them.
finally, drug use should not be issued in books to kids.
censorship should be practiced everywhere.
i believe books should be censored by content much like movies.
censorship in a library there are a plethora of books to choose from.
people have different beliefs.
they find it out of place or offensive.
they should not be out in the open for small children.
respectively, computers are resource for a millions of pages information.
being hot in , it has cyclist is around deserts, causing more heat.
when the cyclist tries to get water from the pump, she describes the water as very hot and not cooling down at all.
because of site like these.
also there are advantages to reading books that show something different that that person have experienced before.
today, we all have a very large variety of books to choose from when we enter a library.
it is much easier to transfer files digitally than actually sending a paper copy.
it was very helpful.
there is no sign outside the door that says only certain ages of people can visit certain areas of the store.
and have fun.
another example is if you had to find some information on you new dog.
i believe this because computers provide us with communication skills.
so please do your part by spreading the word.
teach your children to be careful in what they read.
my favorite website is .
the other day my friend came up to me and said meet my friend i met online!
one example is the rapper .
as the story progresses, the cyclist is no longer so confident.
computers are needed to help people learn in our society.
he is always saying how much he appreciates what his parents did by moving to to create a better life for him.
unemployment is a great curse.
scientist did a study on how people communicate.
however, noticing your kid being on the computer is not a good thing.
make sure your green stays in your wallet.
the setting affected the character in ways that would usually affect people.
also, i have a just coming up and i left my textbook at school, i can just study on my computer.
as much as people should be open and be able have access to this information, it is also important that other people did not see it.
to begin with, seeing people in person is not the only way to communicate, on the computer there is many ways.
if you think a book or movie is offensive then you have that right to not watch or read it.
by changing him physically.
i came on family and many families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with father or brother or whole or cousin.
and each of those people that removed a book, most likely would enjoy another book that someone thought was offensive.
computers are making society very lazy this is why they have a negative impact on us.
it causes there to be a lift between family members.
that says , or all , these are found in a lot of magazines like and sometimes .
last, i want to address the fact that specific libraries can carry a bad reputation if they carry this material.
it makes viewing more interesting and exciting.
everyone has there own freedom.
example is if you forgot to write down your homework in your agenda or something then you can go on the school website and see what your homework is.
he is saying all the things he is thankful for.
i only get to see him because a lot of money to come.
also saves paper which helps the planet.
have you ever had a time when you see something on the news that you want to learn more about?
you will agree with me and why i think that.
the features of the setting had affected the cyclist in many ways.
it help other people change their mind by bringing new opinions about the topic to their mind that they have never thought of.
there are a lot of books that can be offensive to people in some ways.
the effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to.
people need to get outside and go jogging, play games or ride their bikes.
it makes it easier to work on projects.
is a good place to get computers so is &t.
she is grateful for all that her parents sacrificed to give her a better life.
there should be no problem.
in addition, some books in the library are used for informational text.
therefore, i believe ho end winter hibiscus, to go along with her idea of overcoming obstacles.
i encourage all of you to spread this message to everyone, so they know all the benefits to using computers.
people are very easily moved by any form of information, song and story alike.
getting onto a computer and looking up the pic is fast and simple and gives better results than books.
you just gotten make that type of change.
so not only does the computer help for diets, they can help physical therapy also.
is that fair?
that are some features of the settings that affected the cyclist.
finishing the story this way left the reader feeling positive, it was a short ending but one with a lot of meaning.
the book had been written during the cult of domesticity and was filled with ideas of the submissiveness of women and their devotion to the home.
we all need to except things if we like it or not at times.
truth be told children hear so much harmful things from everywhere and anywhere.
one mood in the memoir was peaceful.
they were an immigrants.
the reason for the decision to end on an optimistic note are as follows.
fit, energetic, radiant, hardworking people if they had stopped spending hours on the computer daily.
i do not think so.
the setting affects him and tricks him into believing he is going to die.
another one is the built of the road.
because you never know what goes on at there home and they just want to get away and relax the self at the library to read.
when the flower is budding, it is beginning a new life.
in addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn about their culture and how they are doing.
when i made a , i talking to people who go to my school.
conversations over a chat system are fast and effective.
in conclusion, libraries should have respect not only for people, but for the materials they have.
when it comes to someone thinking that a movie or book has gone to far with their race then censorship gets thrown around.
lets make an inference and say, if we work to remove these offensive books, younger children will become more educated.
the world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them.
therefore, the author ends the story with an inspiring paragraph to show change for the better.
is on page paragraph .
therefore it should be fine to keep certain materials out of our libraries.
when the cat approaches a prey it usually wags its tail.
no matter our color, size, looks, or personalities, we are all created equally as our constitution says.
after months, the fit and healthy became obese.
some books can have violent language and actions in the book.
dear of my local news paper: you believe this garbage that the so called expert are saying about computers?
for example, say you like horror books.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, is a main problem the cyclist faced.
another car collided with this car.
without a doubt this world is gorgeous and is worth while to see the nature!
we put our letters in the letterboxes and our letters reach our friends and relatives.
i have surveyed friends and resulted with five out of ten go home and chat to friends online.
features of the setting like hills and deserts dehydrates a
all of the flowers reminded her home country.
i remember when i read about warming on the computer.
but that is where the idea that these books were not created for them.
or how much would it cost?
having the advantage to study online is great.
most of the time, when people go to a library, they go to get books.
he raised his voice against the british rulers.
do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives?
this memoir describes how grew up and his meaning of family.
always give time to life because maybe one day you might hate your self for missing so many wonderful things.
decided to write his book using the true diction of the people who lived in the during time period.
another reason why computers are a big help because you can stay in touch with friends and family.
dear local newspaper, you love computers but fear that you or loved ones spend way to much time on them?
another the directions where way off so he had longer to go then he thought.
people need to see their always not going to get what they want in life but they need to move on.
also, it is keen that libraries divide up the different resources into separate sections for children, young adults, and adults.
for example my teacher asks our class to write a lot of essays or letters.
people have humiliated others on the internet.
that is why i think the author wrote that as the last paragraph.
for example, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
although the teen sitting right next to her likes that gossip.
pedophiles use the internet to trick children in to giving their address.
i and my sister became very sad.
that she would be better off without him there.
i do not agree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more they exercise less causing them to be unhealthy.
my first reason is talking online.
this is what i think of this essay it will be up to the people to choose what they want the listen and hear too.
your friends might ask you to go to the park with them, and you say no.
in their neighborhood all the races were together in unity despite the customs else where.
i prefer to go on educational, scientific and historical tours also.
libraries should not cause worry or harm in any way.
dear , computers have really made an impact on society.
this is quite possibly one of the last things i would think of causing a problem, if i even thought of this at all.
many people are interested in these movies.
there are many programs that you can use to write documents, make graphs and whatever you need to do.
if its a good day the cyclist will want to rid.
another can people computer spend less time with family and friends i was watching television and playing on the computer.
with the click of your mouse, you can check to see who won the presidency, or what shows are on tonight.
all you have to do is make a word document, and type with the keys.
in conclusion, internet these days are very good for people.
the internet is a best cache of information.
people need to within families because it decrease interaction with.
even with that being true, the question truly is, will it do you any good to take those things away?
people have had this luxury every since the beginning of this marvelous country.
it could also let them communicate.
computers are learning more and more advanced everyday.
the library should be a place that consist of love, peace and harmony.
as you have seen in the media lately, many people are trying to get the book removed from schools.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy.
there are three reason, on to here more.
step out of your door and you are faced with indiscipline.
i never thought playing on computers could be addicted.
getting information from the computer is very debatable.
it made of steel.
the mood of the memoir was happy up lifting when he talked about how his parents helped others and they always had people in their house.
aside from communication, computer also greatly improve and learning in many ways.
he writes, i noticed the terrain changing.
computers with risk.
since the time children are in grade school, they learn typing on a keyboard.
you can not go on camping trip.
when a person uses a computer they have to keep an eye on the screen but still be able to use the mouse or keyboard.
that is the question.
i know that every person out there is different and has their own beliefs on different things.
the distraction of offensive materials are not needed in a library.
what gave them the right to decide what their people could or could not read?
i understand that people do not want there kids to see them or hear them.
in conclusion building, playing and jumping (the list could go on) you can enjoy the outdoors.
rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit at this point he had no water left and he was pretty much in the middle of nowhere.
would you want to keep things like that in your libraries?
appreciates this house and how his parents made it into a home.
for example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends.
books about the past help people understand what to do different for the future.
either way with the book left on the shelf or taken off it is still going to be a problem with name calling.
a bus stop is an interesting place.
i think that overall, anything taken as offensive to anybody should be taken out of libraries.
any mood could have been described here, but, as it states in the memoir, he is grateful for his family.
it teaches the reader that the heart felted sacrifice and hardship the parents endured is priceless and the love that an immigrant family has for one another is endless.
a sign had said rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
when he first leaves its in a hot and flat part of the desert.
face it, everybody needs it!
they let you communicate quicker.
elephants eat fruits, shrubs and grass.
i can see where some things in the library are very offensive and where somethings are not offensive.
she failed the grade.
censoring is pointless because children have other ways of viewing things that would be censored in a library.
i believe that we should not have the right to be able to do this.
its not health.
this posts the question is censorship a good thing or is bad?
this is just another great use of computers.
it obvious that computers have a good effect on people?
every player cooperates with other player in defeating the other side.
if there was a type of censorship, it would be taking away what some person would like to enjoy.
computers make school easier for students and teachers.
in my science class a boy named never does his homework.
when i think of a i think of a quiet place that i can go to and read, or study.
for example flat roads was replaced by short, rolling hills.
my opinion about feeling offensive is we all are different and have a opinion about it and we need to respect the.
how would you like it if you were riding a bike and had no water in the middle of a desert.
so keeping these types of books help other people who are readers.
show you how your body works for , and tell you about the revolutionary war for .
video games make you think that is also reason they are good.
so if anything, the books that be offensive to people only show you that you will not like everything that someone writes or says.
offensive books do belong in the library, just in a completely different area, away from the children.
the reason why readers like the books more than the movies is because.
computers improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also!
libraries have always been an outstanding source for information.
going to college not everyone has enough time in a day to drive to school, well with your computer you can go to school right online.
some people use the computer for there education.
he is happy with his lot.
a student in saw their grades improve from a + to a + just spending less time on the computer and more.
it take over your life.
computers prepare is with skills we are going to need when we get jobs.
if they are not pleased with it is, i will not do it behind their back.
as the author continues, you cannot help developing a sense of security.
if one person is pleased another is offended.
he loves the .
another reason why computers are good to use is because of online chats.
this shows the author is grateful and happy.
sex, drugs, violence.
a few years ago my little cousin was watching a movie with me that was rated .
and finally the path you take along the way and how many stops you make along the way.
having bad pictures in a book or magazine can be bad for the kids and even the young ones like us because many young teens can get bad censorship.
therefore i think having computers are a good thing because nowadays computers are very useful.
in the world, there are just some things that our children should not be exposed to.
he is thanking his parents for being brave and coming to with little and creating a foundation for their future life.
it is this that makes us think, and therein lies the problems with censorship.
this made him hang his head as he rode on.
everybody has their likes and dislikes with music, books, movies, magazines, etc.
probably not will that computer game running.
we get up to the front and i turn in the bad magazine that had found.
if you want to find out anything, you can find it on the internet.
they should not have to think that way going to a library.
how would you feel if one of your favorite books or magazine were taken off the shelves of all the libraries?
in conclusion, guarantee that with all the information about how are out.
they shoot you.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for various reasons.
so he had to work hard from his childhood.
this goes from kids to adults.
the game starts with a bully-off at the center between the center-forwards of the rival teams.
seen during the day time only.
this affects his mood and he realizes that it will be along ride.
does this mean that i think anything and everything should be put in our public libraries?
this shows with happiness and love, it does not matter how rich you are, or what you own.
he should wear clean clothes.
in the song it also makes fun of gay people.
computers and the have changed the way the world works today.
to learn about information that is happening in the world, to talk to friends or family, and to help with school work.
most of the time the true facts will always be there.
my other reason was nature.
they think that children are the gifts of god.
computers seem like a perfect resource.
also computers have a positive effect and are beneficial to society because they help you communicate with friends and family all over the world!
computers have also made society lack motivation to go and exercise.
i listen to music all the time as long a i like the way it sounds.
computer experts have invented countless programs that make easier for kids.
she uses her cell phone to set an alarm.
if you are a person of a certain faith, and you find a book that is making fun of your faith what do you do then?
if we all could get rid of what we wanted in a library, there would be nothing left.
so i believe instead of wasting time on the computer we should go and interact with family and friends.
so watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted.
she believes she will pass that test in the spring, when the time is right.
i do not think so.
to begin, the computer is yet another distraction to our daily lives.
he takes a little rest and starts work again.
)offensive material will be out in the world.
is getting in his way and not helping him to reach his destination at all.
to others the words are just offensive.
if they feel that it will not be appropriate for some, then they could give a suggestion to censor it.
an ideal student should avoid smoking.
to conclude, computers greatly benefit us and are good.
sections in libraries organizes the library providing and easier access to where things are located.
everyone has an opinion.
the library is an important place for the knowledge seeker.
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
if the subjects in the reading material are offensive to someone they should say something to defend themselves.
how would you like to talk with someone all the way down in ?
once while i was watching the , a man said people died because of playing on the computer for over days with little food or water.
or do they lose customers, and stop giving the rights of freedom of speech?
the large snake presented an air of danger and another abandoned grape juice factory added to the hopeless lost tone.
in conclusion, the cyclist, in the end, found a little store by all the determination and effort he put in.
if someone wants to say something, they should be able to say it.
a clueless society is a useless society, and in the end they were destroyed.
censoring can have good and bad qualities.
also, books are used to help people out and they make people more intelligent.
dear , you all know many people in our town have been quarreling about computers.
censorship is unjust to those with ideas unlike others.
the first and main way was that he was riding through the dessert.
the same idea can go with any topic in the world today.
he than talks about all of the good times that they have, and than, he thanks them one more time.
they never can do anything like going outside and doing sports.
i ' think that books should be censored.
teacher’s table.
instead of ruining your eyes you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends.
i believe that certain books, movies, music, and magazines should be taken off the shelves, to those who they are offending.
features of the setting affect the cyclists moods in many ways.
the book tells the story of a young white boy running off with an older black man.
some books that are found offensive by one person might not offend another.
your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out.
in my opinion, i think that the offensive materials should be taken off the shelves.
why make the company lose investment over something that could be easily taken care of simply taking it back where you got it from?
clearly this is a great source to use!
no, nobody wants that.
also, i think the memories that the winter hibiscus plant brought her; motivated her to stop staying in the past and move on towards the future.
it recently got banned from schools all over the .
the internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other.
it could help someone write a paper, to learn about a subject, or do some research on a topic.
i do not think censoring is really necessary.
as much as nature watching and exercise is healthy and fun i would rather learn about a sunny beach of or the great landscape of .
spending too much time on the computer can also damage you social relationship with your family.
computers clearly negative effect on grades and school work.
the sun begins to beat down on the cyclist but he remains upbeat, still feeling good and barely noticing the heat.
say for instance the person is offended by hip hop music.
and that is how the author creates all the moods on the memoir.
my uncle, , lives in .
i think is dangerous for kids.
but no matter what you try to do, something bad will be out there waiting for you.
censorship in libraries should be established and set because the people in the come from many different places making the very diverse.
its a crying shame to see something so beautiful die, while most of us do nothing to help.
i believe that censorship in libraries can be a good thing, but can go too far.
if you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on or other sites and find any song you want to hear.
the author describes a home filled with many good friends and good memories.
the author also shows that she was taught how to do things by her parents, and that she was happy that they did that.
then the jokers came.
for example, say you need to having to wait days for the mail.
the sheer delight of movement is enough to make the day.
this can be offensive to parents when they bring their children in, so move it to a place where children cannot have access to this area.
why not start learning in a nice, calm, relaxing township library
thanks to , slavery became illegal in the .
no wonder schools have computer classes.
she is a strong young woman and is determined to overcome this.
i believe that computers help as much more than hurt.
they both planted the flower, and got a sense of relief.
those who play foul are not allowed to play.
they still be censored if they create too vile of an image, but that is up to the one who watches it.
i really hope the people make the right choice
failing hurt her greatly.
there are many people that think certain books, music, movies, and magazines are offensive and should be taken off the shelves at libraries.
i think that the main mood created by the author in the memoir was love.
i believe computers positive effect in people.
does everyone think the same material is offensive?
that shows the fall of man.
last i checked, the is a democracy.
that is how harmful words get changed into names and then the next thing peers are calling other peers that word.
therefore is happy.
the only friends that you would most likely have is friends on the computer.
with computers a business in or somewhere else in can be connected with a building in .
first of all without computers there would be no internet and without that many jobs would fail.
this also protects any reader from being denied the right to have information at their fingertips.
if teens read a book where parties seem cool and bad things are glorified, they too start to see bad as good.
computers have changed over the years, from to have .
, do you want your to gain weight and stop doing well in school?
my sister is on the computer and she never goes outside to enjoy the nature.
that is why i think the author ended the story that way.
by typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat.
people are simple, love each other and enjoy life like one big family.
another example of the mood he creates is how he describes his relationship with other people.
i feel offensive when a magazine shows girls are pretty because it makes people feel insecure about themselves.
when you are using technology usually it is work related.
i know not spending time exercising is bad but learning about new things cant be that bad.
he was running out of water and the pump he found only produced.
its now or never to decide if computers benefit society or not!
also, it says that this girl is determined and she wont stop trying till she gets it right.
you can become obese.
she also said in paragraph she will never forget how her parents turned a simple house into a home.
most of the material is helpful and enjoyable but some is not.
the world knows we need computers and computers are the smartest thing since the calculator.
with the next town miles away, the cyclist struggles to conserve his water to make it there.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i personally believe that there should be very strict restrictions on what children are allowed to watch, read, and listen to.
so if you ever consider getting a computer the answer is yes because computers help kids learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility.
now that the internet is accessible in almost all places in the world.
in this quote, the cyclist realizes his isolation, and begins to become more determined to reach his destination.
or now, you can even instant message somebody and talk to them like there in the same room.
this emptiness meant that there was no help from anyone and he could die with out anyone knowing.
failing a test especially a driving test stinks.
if a women walks in with her son or daughter and find a dirty nasty book about sex, drugs, guns and knifes.
there are thousands of books on the and many movies as well.
the sound of falling rain was pleasing to the ears.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist since it is affecting her condition.
then the cyclist begins to be on his way again and finds same difficulty in the road.
the setting of the story affects the cyclist in many ways.
now you think we should do about computers.
told me if your on the computer for hours on the computer for hours straight your eyes can get worst.
some one might say people are spending too much time on their computer.
i believe that the schools and parents are doing the right things.
she can climb the trees.she likes to play in my bed.
they turned their house into a hotel for people who needed help until they were ready to go.
everyone is different, no one is the same.
he is very kind and honest person.
the author of that book and other people who enjoyed it do not need to be punished by having the book taken off the shelves.
there are sections in libraries for a reason!
it could scar them mentally for life.
another great thing is that they have books for people in between, like myself, with teen books that spark our interest.
i had a situation once when the title of the book sounded great and when i started reading it it had a lot of curse words in it.
with some computers, you can even see and talk to any person you wish.
the youth of the present will one day be the engineers, doctors, scientists, and moving leaders of the future.
on his new computer can do all his projects and homework on .
if something is that offensive to that many people, they should be mature enough to ignore what they see and find what they like.
another example is mail sent to different countries.
they also will take more of an interest in reading if they are interested by walking in a library.
the third reason is computers allow you to talk online to people.
so please stop using the computer all the time.
because sells your info to businesses.
music also be offensive to cultures, religion, sexual orientation and race.
they can and most likely will come to your house for you.
they can also be used for sending important information quickly and without much trouble.
if the others had an computer they would change there mind.
well we can change that!
with all of these reasons, i hope you see why computers are beneficial to society.
people often think they do what is best for everyone by asking the library staff to remove something they think is offensive.
who can say where it should stop?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a very serious way.
another time the author is grateful is in paragraph .
about four out of every ten people that are stressed are stressed out because of their computers.
so the author is trying to show that despite the girls sadness she will not give up.
times are changing fast and the sources of the worlds history and school subjects can easily be found in the corner of the internet.
well i refuse to let it set into my mind, and i hope you choose the same for yourself.
i know that when my library had a series of books that i found interesting that i was back in there after i finished each one.
they were ill-treating the natives of the country.
this is because many of the items you will find will be in some way biased.
not very often, or that i have ever seen, do the authors make a book to just to put someone down.
thus, the whole of the last sunday was wasted.
for example, you can find out about other countries in the world.
we need to stop the problems and turn off the computers.
if one waited a season or two, her homesickness would most likely drift away and she would be able to focus on meeting her goal.
either way there is always going to be something that someone finds offensive.
some people just have to deal with these people.
its hardy and comes back.
the author talks about how thankful he is for his parents love and sacrifice.
everyone says family is the most important thing right?
age groups on books, is a great idea.
flat land is much easier for a cyclist to pedal on.
such as in war books the characters curse a lot.
offensive books should be there to only distract the teenager from school.
thank you for your concern
we check news on computers, some people even use their computers a and watch important shows.
i believe that not all books should be banned, but some books should.
a happy, grateful, and proud mood is expressed by the author in this memoir.
the setting of this story takes place with a man biking and then taking advice from old timers to a faster route.
plants she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood work.
the last feature would be the distance.
every other child in the world has done something similar.
this is why to continue forward with computers, and technology for the future.
my opinions bring me to believe that there are two sides to this story too.
they help many people in different ways, like the , teachers, students, scientists, and locals dealing with their jobs and daily life.
almost everything you can get stuff out of store because they have online store to mail to you.
the kids that wrote the paper said it took them around two hours.
talking online will even lower your telephone bills.
it tells us what the opinions were of people at that time.
they sometimes have to endure extreme climates.
people get addicted to them everyday.
there was no one in sight not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
one the only ways she can contact her father is through .
it is as simple as that.
if we censored books that are found to be offensive, we would be violating this right.
this is because they are able to look so definitions faster, research and learn about anything they need at their fingertips.
computers are very helpful machines that increase productivity daily.
dear newspaper, i believe that advances in technology have many positive effects, such as computers.
knowledge is just seconds away.
also, computers help deaf people talk.
john is a fruit vendor.
another way computers have helped academically is in schools.
with a computer in all that time you could be completely finished with you whole project!
this can also be done on the internet because there is any thing you could ever ask for on the internet.
some people loves books, and will open any book just to read or look at the pictures.
last but not least he is happy because he lives with everyone he loves.
i told you how a library should work.
maybe you should go out and something fun with that person.
education just become a whole lot easier thanks to the internet.
in studies in , out of who spend their time ( or more hours) are wearing glasses.
in the essay the setting affects the cyclist is different ways.
computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise.
i think there should be no censorship, it for the parents to decide what children can an cannot watch.
no one is the same, we all have different likes and interest.
my mother starts her day work early in the morning preparing our meals.
censorship prevents a whole and complete perspective on an issue.
when you get out of college people let go of some good friends because they could live in different state,.
i have had problems with this before.
also, it is important for children to get fresh air.
thousands upon thousands of people were killed for their religious belief, as well as homosexual people, and other minorities.
and by doing this we deprive future generations of information that could potentially be useful.
he has four sons and three daughters.
during my freshman year we read a book called ' ' and before we read it our teacher told us a little bit about what it is about.
they write it because it shows emotions and feelings.
the scorching dessert and plant life gives him a sense of seclusion and scares him.
you realize that exploring nature is better than just watching it.
so go outside and explore you will never know what you will find.
and reuniting friends, you can also make new ones with a simple click of a button.
it should not be on the shelf of any book store i think if the grow up does read it no child should have the right to.
first of all computers help hand eye coordination greatly in the long run.
objects containing so called offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and they have for a while.
even protective parents allow their children to view movies like this as long as they find it appropriate.
my mom also uses the computer to go on .
everything from books to movies were put in the libraries for educational reasons.
a few years ago, kids would get a school project on a certain country and the thing that would came to mind is the library.
my friends, the answer is nothing.
certainly you cannot disagree with me!
lastly, computers make life easier.
he goes from place to place to catch thieves and bad people.
we found that we both have accounts and keep in touch there!
this can be very dangerous.
the would have full control, and knowledge would not be blossoming in the schools.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
these days its hard to hide all harmful material from children, even some teenagers.
they might think that it should be removed from everywhere.
next he noticed the changes in the terrain.
if we let our media get banned, we lose the right to have ideas of our own.
this part of terrain shows its effect.
this is problem in the country because if we become lazy then we could ruin our country.
if a library has educational music, why not keep them in there?
out of that end up getting better grades.
in has become far more advanced.
this shows that she really missed her home, and she had nothing to give her confidence.
she recognizes the fact that she is now coming to be familiar with many of the things about her new hone that she had initially thought to be strange.
i suppose if you find a offensive book you could go to the teacher or someone and talk about it.
all of that embarrassment could have been prevented if the libraries had to be censored.
such a novel, though containing offensive language at times, would not read the same if such language was omitted and removed.
lastly, computers inhibit people from interacting with family and friends.
we would not have any books if everyone removed the ones the disliked.
i sure do.
well that is my opinion on what i think should happen.
this could effect your emotional heath.
instead of going on the computer you can exercise more, play outside, and spend more time with family and friends.
he is well trained.
i hope you are for the mind, tips and family.
they are used by just about everybody.
now the content of some books are not always appropriate.
people that spend to much time on the computer do not have time to interact with family or friends.
he takes lunch on the farm.
there are many benefits to having a computer.
some view the library as a place to go and learn and to express yourself and be free.
for the things people find offensive i believe they should just simply stay away from it.
to whom it concern: i think computers have a great effect on people.
so should they be removed from the shelves of our public libraries or should they be able to stay?
so i believe anything that is published should be there for the public to read.
do you really want to be the reason why someone is over weight?
anybody should know that your own opinion matters than anything else or anybody else.
people who have posted the website could very well be crazy.
people get these ideas because of movies.
many people believe computers are bad but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them?
these cases being music, or movies.
if i owned a public , i would have rooms devoted to books that are for different age groups.
people could also use less fossil.
in paragraph , the author says how he will always be grateful for his parents and the life that they gave him.
some of those books people are taking off the shelves could be the book someone can use to relate to or even learn from.
is an overall mediocre idea, with some exceptions.
if there was not anymore books in the library, children would not be able to learn or grow.
it allows them to mature and grow up.
most people would not even call that a library.
computers help us with daily things and make many tasks, like writing an essay, much easier.
in conclusion, all of this can only be done with a computer.
which means the whole community can go pick out something.
the author says that his parents unwittingly passed on their skills and love for cooking.
since then my friend does is go on the computer.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his travel a lot harder.
light instrumental music was being played.
second, computers allow people to be able to learn about far away places and people.
why should you be offended?
you got to think about other people in this too.
many people have papers and of important information and it could be lost in a blink of an eye.
if you take these things away certain people will not have the entertainment they have enjoyed with the things they have read or things could possibly read
it can stand for more things such as drugs.
using the computer to keep touch with family is not so expensive at all!
this proves that certain items, like books, movies, and music, should not be taken off the shelf.
also, kids come home from school and upload their essay and continue to type it.
we have all been to a library at some point in our life.
does that really mean we should get rid of them though?
wide rings of sweat circled my shirt, and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
computers have internet websites and search like , that allow you to type anything and instantly find all the information and pictures or that subject.
in the everyday world people who break the law are put into jails and prisons.
some people say that computers are a bad influence on .
he also mentions music as being passionate and that he still adores it even to this day.
do people have the right to limit imagination?
every town i know about has sport fields where many kids and adults of all ages use.
because after all, what you think is offensive be the best thing in the world to someone else.
this is when someone gets bullied online.
they also allow us to type assignments and other important papers.
could also chat online.
the mood created by the author was a great mood.
i have seen a countless number of movies and listen to a countless number of songs that were offensive.
also while refilling he encounters hazards such as short rolling hills through ghost the terrain and ever a snake.
once you are on the team you will make new friends, and get your exercise for the day.
it says this when the characters says.
there been a recent study that says of people are inside doing nothing all day!
people were happy with the word change, but others felt that by censoring the word they were taking away a very vital part of the story.
she has a small workshop where these dolls are made.
thus, parents can not blame anyone other than themselves, if their children read or saw unacceptable materials.
finally, people use computers more?
not only it supply info it also prepare our for the world.
computers and other technology make the way easier.
the authors of books have freedom of speech so yeah some books offend people but if it offends them they should try stay away from that books or magazines.
it would create a lot of problems for the public library and for its citizens as well.
i took to this hobby when i went to see my uncle in his village.
i alighted with a prayer that god may give him good sense.
these negative effects have an unhealthy toll on society, especially teenagers, the most frequent users.
all the websites like that help you stay in touch with all of your friends.
the mood of this article is very loving and kind.
it is also very opening.
there are many game , such as come or cam that can be a lot of fun.
since i did not the website all i got to play was checkers on the computers but one day logged onto it and played my first driving computer game.
the author set a great mood of love and gratefulness in this memoir.
thanks to computer also i learned that has one of the in the .
sometimes the internet could have more information than a certain book you would look into.
because she was to busy on the computer.
she is grateful for their perseverance and for their strength through this whole process and thanks them over and over again.
they are important to everyone, whether they want to admit it or not.
even if your just happens in you can keep in touch through email.
minutes after searching through the one shelf you have been rummaging through for what seems like hours, you get a glimpse of a very interesting title.
a instance of this is i began breaking the ride down into distances.
i have a friend who is always on the computer.
firstly, they help people find information.
i remember one time i was mailing my family friends who was in , risking his life.
lastly, he thanks his parents a lot.
but in the end he found some water and the story ended fine.
the author stated, i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
computers have changed the world in a good way, and they continue too.
as you can tell, computers also have a negative effect on relationships with family and friends.
one of my favorite series is the series, by .
this would be an exciting event for them this why they need computer.
there is much to be learned in the way of psychology and human nature from almost any writing.
fish is her favorite food.
computers also teach you how to set you fingers on the home row for the keyboard.
this is many of the reasons some materials should be banned from kids.
because they can help people find information they need.
and it more people are outside will notice how nature is and says that use of the electricity in a house.
in our school, we are taught about the risks of computers, and how to prevent any possible .
the quote used for this essay explains this thought more thoroughly.
then we came to the cages of birds.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
these things can still benefit our society though.
no one would like that.
the setting affected the cyclist performance.
this is beneficial considering the amount of and assignments graded each week.
i think computers are one of the greatest inventions ever.
if it were not for the library having the on a shelf that girl would never have learned something that is now important to her.
there are three reasons why i argue this topic.
she had failed the driving test.
also, if you are a parent that has children they always need help.
our founding fathers creating amendments for the people.
my last reason people should not be on the computer for a long time because some people will just seat there and eat food all day.
it does this because while playing games, people watch the screen, and click with their hands.
then after that i can type up my report and even pick out a couple of pictures to print out, see?
i think this because there can be somethings that you not want your children to read.
this has been a tricky question for years.
the only way we were able to communicate with our family and friends was by computer.
likewise there are other times that close family or friends can talk to each other over the .
i mean sure you can pick up a book, but why?
the computer can make things visual to kids and out.
my conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still.
yo know why we pick this side because are three reasons why computers are good.
and i feel that yes i do have a right to remove these books from the shelves.
the books, movies, and other materials should be marked saying that they be found offensive.
dear local newspaper, people think that computers educate people for the future but i think that they actually harm children and adults as well.
not only do the alternatives that i stated before keep people safe, they also practice a healthier way of living.
she is usually extremely bored, so, she goes on the computer and plays games, and talk with friends.
such content requires material as violence, drugs, and nudity.
i believe we should not have that right to pull thing off of shelves freely.
therefore its going to be very hot and hell need a lot of water t stay hydrated.
not only is a computer good for communication, but you can also play fun and entertaining games!
in high school just walking down the hall you will find out more things than you would probably like to know.
thank you for reading this and i hope i persuaded you enough with my reasoning.
computers are useful to our daily life but at the same time we also need to realize that we need to sometimes take a break from our computers.
if a young adult or a child reads or watches a movie that is raciest, it teaches them bad things.
this shows him grateful to his parents for passing on their culture to him.
he had a positive attitude as it states with strong legs and a smile on my face.
firstly, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home.
i think that knowing that everyone is different and special in their own way should show that, everyone is going to enjoy different things at different levels.
they would want to learn about places before ever go.
the thoughts that the five year old child has now is ' am i not that beautiful?'
every one is either texting someone.
computers especially help out college students.
when online, students can receive help from fellow students, teachers, and even experts!
since my schedule is so busy after school.
as the journey continued, the cyclist loses hope it seems.
on the computer you can talk to your friends & family, but sometimes people are on so much that in real life relationships fail.
every body in this world has their likes and dislikes.
there is a certain extant for movies, and magazines.
typing skills are needed by almost everyone in the world.
he talks about how him and his family used to come together and have meals as a family.
my musical tastes branched out into a variety of different genres.
no one will ever be able to learn of what was to become of that writing and of those ideas.
they can help find long lost friend and keep in contact with them.
you can also book flights for far away trips and buy cars and other items off the internet.
a policeman helps good and peace-loving citizens.
lastly, computers let you meet new people online.
last reason is it can help you be organize and get a job.
i try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with family and friends and i have good relationships with them.
books that have questionable content are being thrown out.
i think computers are very unique and important.
some could say that the people being informed is a good thing, which i agree.
while doing this he and saves my parents money.
have they not visited the place for months after months or even years!
for example, research projects, study tools and essays.
finally, it makes your life so much easier.
i think no, and there are many reasons as to why i disagree with this idea.
kids pay attention to detail really well and something so negative could change the mindset of the child.
but instead they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paint ball gun.
but whose to say what i think should have an affect.
this year my brother, and my closest cousin to me, went to college.
this is why.
the contents of the books in libraries vary in many way.
our parents are the ones whom we interact with daily.
he was able to describe in great detail what went on in his house during his childhood and how caring and loving his parents were.
this helps many kids find a good education and adults find a comfortable and happy job.
these books i agree should be taken off the shelves since they might promote people to turn on certain races.
advances in computer technology are beneficial to society for several reasons.
i know i would not.
everyone should be able to read, research, or watch anything they want at a library.
making his house a home and always being there for him.
please read the following reasons.
the library has a section for adults.
the knowledge contained within them unknown.
so why travel when you can see all of it on your computer.
i remember a time when i read a book, and it had some really offensive things about homeless people.
they make you a well-disciplined person who obeys the leader and the rules.
books, music, movies, they are all art.
and talking with other people just makes us happy.
what do you think
part of the reason is because they rather use their free time on the computer instead of picking up a book.
computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society.
this was in response to the first town he came across.
as an individual and what books i have read, i believe some books needs to be taken off the shelf.
please take my reasons into consideration.
is very beautiful, its voice is very ugly.
well, you could go on the computer!
if the movies are bought by the parents, then there should be no problem there either.
everyone reacts to things differently.
when she is on she ignores everything around her.
from books to music lyrics, our culture embraces us with it.
a child should be able to know the life around them before they grow up and are completely lost.
second there would be less gossip.
computers help people in many ways.
i was reading this book call my hood.
true they do help people research certain topics but they are also hazardous.
adults and kids spend to much time on online pages.
well, for numerous people, computers are their lives.
mostly in these three reasons: you can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everybody life.
the heat definitely affected him, because it made him thirsty.
typing and surfing the web be exciting; however, is it worth the risks that there are now?
they suffer and their oppressors enjoy.
some people believe can help to be more hand eye coordinated, so does playing catch.
people these days use computers for pleasure.
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in
in doing this you, for the most part, prevent the children from entering an area that is not age appropriate.
from the text it read there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
how could you go wrong?
as he moved away from his beginning point, the cyclist was drinking lots of water.
this is a growing problem which must be put to end.
computers are one of the most advance technology, you can search anything in the world.
i know some people who do that like its not cool if company comes over get off the computer.
most books have ideas and topics that are offensive to one person or another.
so she took it home and showed her mom, then her mom look at her weird, because in the story it said that you what?
one of them is trees.
you will find all this in the computer.
people need to spend less time on computers, and spending more time exercising!
also when the cyclist was thirsty he put pebbles into his mouth.
the world has seen what can happen when things get censored.
the weather is hot and just going through hot weather is tough enough, but giving through a desert with limited water had to be miserable.
you could pull up your browser and go on (a video site) and watch their wonderful variety of filling.
dear the newspaper, computers are great resources and are helpful in many ways.
the users be over very quickly.
he gets to live a happy life in their new home, with their new friends.
some people dislike them but they have good reasons why.
now that computers are so common, people can conveniently type up a paper and submit it to their boss or teacher.
censorship is required for every library and i think that all the libraries around do meet their requirements.
someone should have to deal with wading through music like that.
the setting in the story discouraged the biker very much.
now you can probably see why i think we need computer and how it can sometime benefit our society.
people are affected by this.
now days people can get offended over anything.
computers bring you to people globally, but distance you from people at your job, school or home.
everyone has there own opinion about things so why should that effect what we are allowed to learn?
although computer gaming is a big reason why kids go on the computer, bullying is a huge factor along with stranger danger on chats.
i do not like the sermons of old people.
first, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place.
the farmer is an able person.
is why i think there should be guidelines or rules.
should the children of today be deprived of the truth?
take a stand and censor those books.
computers can help you learn so much about the world without having to leave your house.
i want to be able to study about polar bears and the glaciers without needing to worry.
you could (instant message) them.
you are given technology, advantage so why not use it?
a book, magazine, movie, etc are all gateways to new worlds, where children can use their imagination and justify what their personality is.
just recently there been earthquakes in and you can spread the news to family members or friends to tell them to support and help those in need.
people never have enough time for activities.
the books sometimes show us a depressing ending of a person who lived a vulgar or criminal life.
because they cant think of anything else to do with their lives.
how unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person.
not all people feel the same way.
now, that is unfair.
or the big dragon came from .
woman and are the same no matter what people say.
having a computer is a good but if you spend to much time on it you will hurt you eyes.
you could work at a restaurant that has regular food or fast food service.
computers also allow people to talk to each other via the .
in my own opinion, its a good thing.
dear newspaper people, i think that the effects that computers have on us are good.
they laugh, play and cry like we do.
if your worried about it take a break from it for a while.
there are thousands of fun games online that can help improve your reflexes and eyesight.
so click your mouse on internet explorer and get your email.
he writes about his parents in a way that informs the reader that they were extremely good people.
because of this, they cant bond and they wont have a real friendship.
if they do not want to, then they do not have to.
libraries have many books for you to choose from and you can pick which book you want to check out.
that childish innocence disappears when they hear songs about money, sex, and abuse.
the way you want to live your life is up to you.
censorship is a disgrace and should not be forced in libraries.
the last bell rang.
first of all instead of removing all the books maybe you should consider making a section for only for people of certain age.
get some exercise.
so till next time
would you want your six year old girl picking up an adult violence movie, sexual content movies, or even a with cursing in it?
people go to the library to find certain types of material.
however, i believe censorship is a grand mistake on our part.
when i was young i would always want to be read to and when i continued to age i would always read.
then you look at the time and its an hour later?
with this personal info, could and with these websites the crime rate has gone up .
therefore i am very proud to have a friend like oliver.
dear i am writing this letter to inform you that i think computers are a smart investment for a couple of reasons.
it was performed in a park.
there are many forms of entertainment in the world today.
is excited that there is a building that might get some water from.
they should have a section just for that kind of music.
by typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are bettering their coordination.
social activity is good for everyone.
in addition, my third reason i would like you to read is enjoying nature.
when he was talking about his home readers could almost feel the love, the food, and listen to the music.
the things to come are determined by the thinking, value and beliefs of these leaders.
more than out of people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them.
at that point children are at an awkward growing stage were they themselves are still learning whats right and wrong.
everyone has there own taste.
those same books transform lives, and are read to improve their understanding of something.
now, people can think that computers are good for you too.
did you know out of kids that sit on the computers all day gain at least ?
anytime type of book it is all based on how much money they can make.
she then proceeded to purchase the plant, because she failed the test she needed something to lift her spirits back up once again.
if the person who is reading book or viewing movies that be offensive is viewing them for clear interest then is no problem with it.
the computers we have in our homes right now are equipped with so much information that if you tried to take it all in are you would be overwhelmed.
this is how the setting changed.
take abortion into perspective.
and by next year when the flowers bloomed she would more determined and ready for the test again.
those situations can all put you in a really tough place.
why would they take anything off the shelf?
its better safe than sorry.
dear , you think that computers have a bad effect on people?
if you ask my opinion i would have to side with not removing certain books,movies,music,etc.
so far in the news there have been reports of suicide of the teenager life, reports like: girls killing themselves because lack of .
there were different kinds of birds.
i believe that some materials we have in our shelf belongs to basically anybody in the world.
on a computer, you can learn just about anything.
the author concluded the story with a confident ending that makes the reader feel satisfied.
but there are a certain type of guests who are unwelcome.
and you end up being successful.
scenes and facts in materials that could be offensive to a person are usually not intended to be.
if, perhaps, more books had ratings such as movies do, an cubicle could be created instead of allowing young people to have access to such vulgarity.
about of kids use computers to talk to there friends but some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad.
computers are bad in someways but good in others.
in the memoir the reader expresses the love and gratitude towards his parents.
some people are almost addicted to their .
she believed that it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader to read.
i believe that if we always resort to censoring books then we will become a less creative society.
now that are new technology with computers and such, people are distracted and do not want to exercise.
this is why i think that computers are very great and useful.
like hitting a baseball!
parents should not let there kid go to the library without them if they are scared for them to do something or look at something bad.
well keep reading to find out!
once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families.
i could neither watch tv and enjoy, nor study.
the second reason i think that computers have a positive affect on society is because it has lots of fun games and music.
it even gave websites on the back of the book.
many people before us went through everyday life without them.
so try to get exercise, hang out with your friends & family, and enjoy nature!
planting the flower is a representation of adaptation, since they have moved to a new land.
a musician is not just payed for his or her amazing skills with an instrument, but also with his or her way to connect with the listener.
yes, but at the same time it is up to you, the reader, to pick a book that does and will not make you feel uncomfortable.
is this the way you wish our world to be?
computers help people learn things keep in touch with family and friends!
most everyone has used, uses, or will use a library in their life.
there can be great things in those books that not everybody can reap.
my first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on.
spending too much time on computers can cause to loose time and money.
dear local newspaper, a place where they are all on computers all day long, everyday.
that i like.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
then the girl went missing for about weeks.
going online can give you so many opportunities for anything.
also you can chat with or old friends.
also, if libraries take out all the materials anyone finds offensive, what will be left to read, watch, or listen to?
libraries are supposed to be for all ages!
some people feel they have a positive effect, such as learning new information, and interacting or chatting with other people.
after helping her find the , she ask, ' is this book so important to people?
another thing that affected the author was that he felt like giving up because the terrain was too harsh.
they are either black or green in colour.
i believe that if a person is over the age of , they should be able to take out any book they want and have it be uncensored.
computers can be put to good use for many different things.
our poor environment is getting killed because no one sees the beauty of families are seeing occupy their lives most a lot up and sight against computers today!
well all you need is a computer.
the author used it so that the reader could get a feel for what life was like back then.
the setting affects the cyclists because he can not take the heat.
so, computers can be your news paper and a good and fast way of communication.
village are regarded as gentlemen.
in conclusion the author created in mood through this memoir that family has many different meanings.
i strongly urge you to take action to start reduce time on computers spent.
when voted one it could stay or be removed.
this author can no longer have the luxury of having their book in libraries so that their work be recognized.
but why should we remove books, magazines, movies, etc from shelves?
in this memoir, the author creates a very calming and relaxing mood.
there should be restrictions against offensive materials.
as you can see jobs use the computer.
there are also hard drive discs that you can play with to help you enhance on your reading skills.
i think that because of many reasons and i will tell you some of these reasons.
books are very important to our society.
so go out and buy one.
one reason that i say this is because, a computer is a big handy person in reality.
cutting back on computer time would cut back on the obesity problem in our society.
it is not only unnecessary, but unconstitutional.
this means that with every season she get more used to her new home and if became more like her and with every season.
a solution a new wonderful machine called.
computers are bad because they can become a computer.
they only way that i feel a certain material should be removed from the shelf is that if there are many complaints about the same material.
this was because all information was found in books.
also, computer are not only letting people talk to their friend, but its causing bullying.
the computer is often used for projects essays which is important.
hostel life has its own charm.
one person lend that book to another, therefore the offensive book is being spread around.
being one that reads a lot i know my family is pretty busy and would not be able to find time to ride with me to pick a book.
but, important of all of it, family that you miss can talk to you for hours without a phone bill.
also, they mostly want to use technology to.
well with this, advanced technology we have found ways to educate students in a fun way.
we left the place early next morning.
thankfully that man and go online, pick the food that she and the quantity and she can get someone to deliver it.
she will be more confident.
the narration states, i noticed the terrain changing flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
she even says, but its strong enough to make it through the cold months.
some of the games are educational also.
she began failing classes.
this leaves the parent with some control over what kids can watch and hear.
i also have had a few bad reading experiences.
i decided to call my friends cell phone, but instead i got her voicemail.
should libraries be more careful about what they put out in their place of establishment?
why wait another minute?
whether the music, movies, magazines, etc are offensive to others this has no effects to you.
all this show that where was he born how he got her and him getting a better life
this problem is specially for teens.
that mood was replaced by short, moving hills.
well you can always checks information online, you ever forget!
it shows this in throughout the whole thing.
if people took the books and other things like that off the shelves, there would be hardly anything to read.
next, people begin to lose exercise.
the room is well-furnished.
books can make a very deep impression on whoever reads them, and sometimes these impressions are not appropriate for the reader.
for one device to do all that is amazing!
different subjects offend different people.
this provides us of offensive material back in the old days.
computers are very helpful in many ways.
secondly, all the music that are good and bad will be taken off the self.
my parents did the same thing and it makes me feel happy that they did.
here are my reasons why.
going to the library for a book on your report would consume extra time.
he states in the story, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day.
if a person thinks that a book is offensive then they should just walk away and find a different book.
the cyclist was tired and exhausted.
you take away an era of history just because you find it offensive?
also, who knows teens are doing on the computer.
it might create a certain image.
another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called .
geese like the warm and not the cold so they are flying south for the winter.
they let people talk online.
when finding this building to be abandoned, and all things, juice, anyone use would have become frustrated and wanted to give up.
how will a rape ever be able to be prevented?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
is a website to talk to friends & relatives.
dear , i know having computers has a positive effect on people.
so then i completed project and headed it in to teacher.
this in return causes people to have better social skills.
from the last paragraph is a symbol for growing up and overcoming obstacles.
instead of talking to people communicate.
in some stores they have a magazine section where there are bad stuff that a kid is not allowed to see.
the same goes with the movies, i was allowed to watch rated movies when i was eight years old.
other people like reading about that topic, or like that kind of music.
using the computer seems to have more advantages than disadvantages.
whether or not you find a book, movie, music, or magazine that is offensive, why fret over it?
comments such as these in books can mold a young mind into thinking name calling is appropriate.
the essay states.
people deserve to read, watch, or listen to anything that they want.
he reaches for his duty at right time.
first he talks about how he is grateful his parents got him interested in cooking.
thank you for your time,
shows that loves his families cooking and his own.
the is a strong person and had a lot of good and bad moods in the memoir.
when i tried a drop or two, it had the flavor of battery acid.
aforementioned, obesity is issue.
a problem with kids playing these games become addicted to them, and will play for hours.
the government also relies highly on the internet.
it gets people thinking as to what other books are also offensive.
people might get offended and stop going to the library.
i would not want my year old kid read a book with bad language in it.
others might not think anything of the item and move along.
so when he got to the old pump hot dirty water came out.
i hope i have convinced you to see my side of the argument and thank you for your time.
dear , and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology.
you will never see the world for what it is.
a third way computers help out is allowing you to order anything in the world online.
what if your child is cheating?
by using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase.
a mother of the .
final reason i can do a lot of things like find a question or do project on.
the books that were found offensive should not be read at all.
you flip through magazines and see child stars everywhere feeling the pressure to grow up.
we forget if ‘hopes are dups, fears may be biars.’ moreover defeat should not disappoint us.
i can tell because every time the author speaks he is always happy, and i noticed not one negative thing was said during the story.
they should be supported because they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk to others online.
they can provide a way to contact others.
she loves the music, the food, and the culture.
computers can help you find your way.
this is the part that is the parents fault by buying the for the child to listen to.
christmas is one of my favorite festivals.
i think that movies and magazines should be removed from the shelf because they might have some stuff in it that little kids could look at or watch.
lastly, a computer is another resort to go to when trying to accomplish something, because there is always something on the internet that will help you.
i think that children are simply not mature enough to be exposed to all of the books, magazines, and movies.
another excuse that computer lovers do is they say they are doing research on a country.
praying to god is part of all religious practice.
the computer is great if you have to do research.
in paragraph , this caused confusion and worry.
day and night, we are busy earning our livelihood.
there is a student in my school that failed most of his classes.
these kind of things affect our every day living.
computers are used for research, socializing and almost all of our work is done on computers.
if certain materials are censored and taken away, they cannot access that type of learning.
you also learn social on the computer.
i told them 'i have as much rights too have those books on the shelve, as they have to have their books on the shelves.'
some people not find this offensive.
libraries are broken up into different sections on where to find a genre, but a young child not be aware.
you have to want things bad enough and put the effort into it.
now, we have one small device that we carry around with us to do our work.
instead of finding the birth date of , she found a book making fun of and calling them inappropriate names.
i think he felt like he was never going to find his way and there was no one there to help him.
as it states in paragraph .
many books, movies, and music are being removed from libraries because they are found offensive.
for example, a nice house or nice clothes, most families have problems trying to pay rent and do other bills if only one parent is working.
they made him begin to think he had taken the wrong route when he saw these things were outdated.
reasons are that they can educate , they make things easy, they are enjoyable.
this shows a loving mood because it shows how much cared and loved his parents.
computer are a great tool for humans to use for business, education, and leisure.
the man riding the bike in the story had many different changes in his emotions during his long trek in this story that were dependent on the setting.
secondly, i want you to close your eyes.
in her final paragraph it shows she overcame her fear.
a second productive task can help us with is learning .
conclusion the computer us with our search for information, contact people, and make new inventions.
computers allow people to stay in touch with long distance friends or family.
for example, lets say you finished watching a special on the discovery channel about .
apart from his studies, my brother is much interested in sports.
according to the , out of people check the internet for places to to before they actually go.
the cyclist in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit feels discouraged and dehydration because of the setting.
keep on the shelf!
second, computers take up so much time that people are with their families.
we were able to go on a search engine and find directions to their house from the airport.
i personally have never been to a library and saw a book, magazine, movie, song that was offensive to me or my family.
i for one think that the computer was come to be one of the greatest inventions ever created.
it amuses and excites.
i for one think that they need to put more magazines on the stands so you can have more information.
i also have to say that some people make a big deal about a subject like this.
this sets the mood too by showing everybody needs to be nice to everyone.
the mood in this memoir is gratefulness.
in my personal opinion i believe the parent figure is right, although i also can understand the opposing opinion.
also, if friends wanted to talk with one another, the could instant message each other.
if we censor materials like books, music, movies, etc.
life is becoming dull.
he told them this is a free country i can do what ever i like and whites liked that he spoke up for his self.
today in libraries there are many books of all types.
last, that go on the computer and adults are getting because of the of talking to people you have never seen or really know about.
my answer is no, for the reasons i have listed above.
if the government would assign someone to censoring books, magazines, or music, there would be a uproar.
first, we see this comforting mood being established through the setting.
trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
next point shows that people are not enjoying nature.
but now my parents have to consult me to leave the computer multiple times.
there was no one around that he could ask for help from.
i believe that the is the most important book in the world.
imagine if you we not able to read your favorite book because it was no longer considered appropriate for society.
we live in a generation where computers have become a necessity instead pleasure.
i got the signature from the characters in my autograph book and also i took photographs with the characters.
therefore, this memoir has moods that are created by the author.
this reminds me of a time when my brother went to an eye doctor and was told that his eyes had trouble focusing.
try to prevent all these negative effects by limiting the use of your computer.
all the members of his family are good.
the internet is a bad thing to get hooked on.
i felt a little giddy.
do you think that money from a college fund is worth a computer?
movies and music are a great way to kick back and relax after a long day, unless your kids are around.
hopefully you will the paper of of our newspaper and demand a column about computer loose the valuable time for exercise, nature, and family & friends.
before people starting using computers to research topics & ideas they would use books.
each year the world becomes more and more advance in technology.
during those times, people did call by explicit names, even those who were in no way prejudice.
i think the future will be based everything on computers.
many people actually believe materials in a library are too offensive or inappropriate.
this affected him because he had no water to drink from.
among others, i find that if you censor one thing, you censor them all.
the media is a way for some people to get out and reach others.
and while certain groups advocate to protect the children of from these offensive works; the children will still find a way to access them
first off computers can bring people together.
my second reason why has a negative effect on people is because of online bullying.
so, though you think computers teach no they can coordination for the rest of a persons life.
books are important to everyone whether they realize or not.
the weather was hot he had no water, he could have died.
they are wrong.
i believe if they put the books, movies, and other stuff on the shelf than it should be able to be read by children and others.
you are addicted, both your family & you suffer.
so i do not think we should take the books off of the shelves.
book fairs are organized in all important countries to make the public aware of the new frontiers of knowledge.
they have tons of games for kids and for adults too.
there are millions and millions of websites about places and people.
all students should have the right to spend time on the computer but also to save time to spend outside and with friends.
this strain only lead to unpleasant things.
early in the morning, the cyclist is eager and ready to face the adventurous path that had been mapped out by the older travelers.
please do remember that technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational, and as a connection for our foreign born citizens.
all the features of the setting put together can lead to major trouble.
she knew she had to change herself and work harder to get what she wanted.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
for example, i a book about a teenage girl engaging in sexual relations, she became pregnant and it ruined her life.
there are so many different forms of information and entertainment offered inside libraries.
if we censor the material in a library, it is denying the public of the real world.
helps life if you work in a office or a trademark.
in conclusion i think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad.
many people would not approve of having offensive materials in their library.
they give us the ability to learn at home, connect with other people, and give a source of entertainment.
this happens more often than you think.
the hot heat that would make birds pick him drys all of those examples make it hard for the reader to take the old timers advice.
they would never of learned such things.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that she will not stop trying and one day she will pass that test.
the library should give the child a certain amount of time to return the book.
my hold opinion on computers is.
lastly, computers make life less stressful.
i went to the library and checked out a book on her and it said that a woman killed her actually.
if you agree you can do something about it.
cars also have computers put into them.
is censorship in libraries a problem or a right?
i also have seen images that are not censored.
that to make a hopeful home .
during the story, the author makes references to the daughter having to pass a test.
just not to the point were those areas become restricted to certain age groups.
on the other hand, it also helps with your education.
the final core issue is the essence of censorship versus the essence of a library.
the plant will go through a cold, and snowy winter but it will grow and blossom in the spring.
the cyclist persevered through the rough terrain which caused him to become weak.
i will tell you, you would lose customers.
for all of these reasons, i proudly say that i believe that these different books, movies, lyrics, and magazines should be kept on the shelves
reason ties in perfectly with the first.
in conclusion, i think all books should stay on the shelves because all people have different interest and opinions.
hi my name is i have a couple topics that i would like to talk to you about.
so, when you think about banning books just remember that there are other places to get books.
number of unemployed is rising fast.
the last i have is spending more time with family than on the computer.
the knowledge of people would be limited to only what the library or the government would want them to know and that is not right.
in heated water or, you need to be as hydrated ad possible, especially it an enduring in physical activity.
for example, in a cool day riding gently downhill, the rider is happy and energetic.
except for my eyes.
to me that is a pretty cool invention.
without books people would not be where they are today
but, do not take it upon yourself to remove that book from our library.
yeah, i get it that computers are very useful but they also kill your eyesight.
so, should things that are found offensive to one person be removed from a library?
this section could be as simple a separate shelf, or could go to the extreme of a separate room or area closed in by a curtain.
what i think the cities that have a bigger population should consist of two libraries side buy side.
also the teachers use computers to put grades from students in.
if it was me, then i would say yes to allowing censored materials.
censorship in libraries would take away from people some historical readings, because of nude statues and the way they talked.
they can help you build social skills for now and for our future.
as a famous colonial revolutionary once said, ' me liberty, or me death!'
there was no place to get water and he was becoming dehydrated the terrain was getting rougher.
the features of the surrounding landscape affect the cyclist both physically and mentally.
this is why computers have a drastic negative affect on people.
how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate.
he learned everything he could ever think about from his parents and he loves them a lot.
censorship in libraries is a subject with an unclear answer.
i will remind you of the three reason why this is true.
what you have looked for in books and papers can be easily found on internet at the click of a button.
the author ends with this promise or commitment because it shows hope and determination.
i think books, or movies, or music, that have curse words, a part of life, because most adults curse.
this will make sure we will know what we are about to see and read
my opinion is that people should have computers in their homes.
they either put a person down and be completely negative towards them, or they are positive and say nothing but good about them.
books and music have bad language but very rarely have bad images or other things like that.
they had to find new jobs and give their child a happy life.
for example, my cousin is in a sometimes we will go on the computer and talk to on video chat.
once the rolling expansive hills came into view, the author let out a sad, hopeless laugh.
when a high percentage of people join that cause, then it should be banned.
they are fast learners.
teens in say they use computers daily & say they have trouble communication with their parents.
a computer without a doubt has a positive effect on society and we as people.
the temperature of the place that the cyclist was riding through affected him very much.
therefore you know where you want to book your next visit.
i think that it is should be left alone the way it is because it put that way for a reason.
everywhere we go someone somewhere is going to find something offensive.
another way is that you can get work done.
the answer is no.
each story in its own way teaches the reader a moral.
there were so many great places to visit and learn about the history of .
some people just have ignorance to not understand the books, music or movies was made for entertainment for those who like that kind of stuff exposed.
this document has amendments.
during childhood, every kid has many questions, some their parents might not be able to answer.
this also shows that the library, or so far as the country, is under one certain idea and other ideas that conflict with that will be oppressed.
but a material should not be removed from a library shelve, unless the , or the manager, find it offensive, then i can understand their decision.
he thought back to his memorable birthdays and feasts and it made him happy.
in the current day and age, the environment is a growing concern.
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in without being noticed.
if i were to walk in a library and see those kind of things in a magazine i would suggest you to take it off the shelves.
a lot of these examples can be offensive to anyone or everyone and censorship is a pretty good idea.
if you find a book offensive put back on the shelf and leave be.
family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it.
magazines are an issue along with movies and different kinds of music.
having a computer will also let you talk to people that are not easy to get.
it was a cold day.
everything is in !
you get to make your own animation clips or even a movie.
also, give reasons on why i feel this way about the statement.
we can not just close our eyes to all the inappropriate books out there but we can at least censor them.
dear the , computers are out!
everyone finds themselves quite fond of a certain genre of music, and most of the time sticks to it.
years ago people were able to function fine with out computers so we should be able to too.
so ever time we go down there we rent that house thanks to the computers.
people need them for research and projects.
has been known for rapping about drugs, sex, money, and violence.
the hibiscus is a piece of her past, adapted to fit her current situation.
after she met the flower, she thought of her old country, her homeland she missed it.
through magazine, movies, music and books are ways you can find them out.
she used to pick it with her grandmother and put it in her hair.
i do not care if there is a explicit word in my reading.
the invention computers has made it easier to catch up with family!
then the story takes an unexpected turn.
we cannot see air.
they allow people to easily stay informed on world news.
humans use computers mainly because it makes life simpler, easier.
obesity is of the biggest problems in the and is growing bigger everyday.
another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read.
i have long brown hair.
second reason is because their taking time away from trying to learn stuff off the internet.
there are books that talk about black people in a bad manner, but they still need to be out there so that people will know.
censoring books could take away from learning.
it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
it is that persons choice to choose that library to attend to.
off the shelf freely?
thinking about things is a great way to learn how to deal with being offended, just look from both points of view.
once he begins his video interactive games, homework is pushed a side.
i think this messing people up.
like the movies.
a lot of teenagers are spending more and more time on the computer, playing games and going on their favorite websites.
this upsets her because she probably misses things that she was used to before.
there are some movies out there that are just so funny , i could quote ever line of it.
an achievement technology and science that improve all our lives.
the ratings are there to protect younger kids from getting into adult movies.
my first reason why i think the effects of computers are good because you can get a lot of knowledge from it.
what so you think about this?
whether we are reading a book, watching a motion picture, or even listening to a new music artist, our lives are being affected by such media.
not to mention all the jail space that would be needed for people smuggling inappropriate material to buyers.
you can even get to play a book you are reading, witch helps you learn new words that you not have knew how to sound out.
the soldier is always ready to defend the country and die for it.
so no, i believe libraries should keep all books unless it causes a big issue and many people are constantly bringing up the problem.
those were the moods the set into this memoir.
too but learning about nature is more nature.
books in libraries have information that is vital, whether the books are offensive or not.
the cyclist was hoping for a way out of the misery he had come across.
the thoughts of the youth is completely swayed after they watch, read, or listen to this.
freedom of speech, freedom of ideas, freedom of thought.
everyone has been teased once in their life.
censorship actively and violently violates that right.
plus if you have a computer you can easily work from home.
those who have come to receive or see off their relatives leave for home.
the main reason somethings should get pulled off the shelf of the local library or school library is if the book was really damaged.
also, you need more info on something, you could look it up online.
also, computers come with built in programs that can help keep track of you expenses.
post offices carry our messages to distant places.
it would not be beneficial to them or society if they are sheltered their entire lives.
well if not then when you are not busy you should try it.
people slowly remove themselves from reality and enter an alternate world of cyberspace.
you can research faraway people and places to see what life is like around the globe.
first of all, being on the computer too much is not healthy.
this paragraph proves she will not give up even after she was forced to live in the united states instead of her home.
in the classic novel by , , the protagonist struggles through life in a world antagonized by the banning and burning of books.
using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing a paper.
having a computer effects your life in many different ways, some positive and some negative.
he started out with a smile on the face.
on the computer you can get any information about any information about anywhere or anything.
they say things and do things that young people should not know at a young age.
hes excited and ready to take on the adventure of a new path.
people on computer might go outside because they are involved with the computer.
the scenery was breath-takingly beautiful.
that is why i think computers are helpful.
secondly, are fun to read, i know they are.
in opinion i benefit people using computers.
they let us look things up by easier means than a person or book.
they can tell you a lot by just the touch of keypad and the click of a mouse.
this made me have to find a new book for the project.
and the library need more style for the people are excited and take the books and read.
well you can shop online.
more computer means lack of exercise and social interaction, you can easily be addicted, and you can lose your sense of realness.
computers provide better and faster communication.
the determination pushes him to keep going further and further.
on the , everything is much easier.
if we were to censor what books were on the shelves in a library the eventually there will hardly any books for anybody.
for example, most teenage girls love to read young romance stories, and about young peoples' lives; people like informational books.
computer saved people from losing their house because of the money they made with the help of computers, computers are a good idea to conclude.
if they find something offensive about the material then they can just not look at.
the factor of weather, rolling hills, and the shortage of water take a tall on him.
now, lets talk about exercising a bit more.
this is one reason why libraries are so popular among all people.
that are going on the .
also, in books this is becoming an issue.
so please help yourselves and the earth stop talking on the computers and get out and do something productive.
cause they were brought up on that kind of music.
i by exercise in to go and play with friends or bike, or go for a jog.
i would enjoy my hobbies and complete some urgent duties also.
there is only one answer to this question of: should the library be censored?
in addition, my neighbor, had to do a study to interview overweight adults and teenagers.
lastly, for a teenager or older they are more social than little children.
who bans the books?
are they good or bad?
libraries should remain entirely intact, forever.
all of a sudden, it becomes dark.
if certain items become restricted; it would mean that people over a certain age are allowed to read them.
the features in the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
some people might not care about the things they see and some do.
some times she explains with the help of charts and maps.
putting the symbols together shows she has come to accept both places.
spending too much time on the computer can really affect your life.
about of children are more attached to colorful objects than books with words in them.
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
people who spend more than one hour on the computer are involved in , , or playing a computer game.
their friends could of won something important and they wanted you to be their but no they are just so busy on the computer.
i believe that drugs, alcohol, and curse words have a big influence on kids these days.
letting our own ideas into the world allows for new ideas to form.
not only that, you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online.
being on the computer too much can harm your brain also.
as i mentioned before, when the police officer came to our school he talked about this.
every piece of literature that has ever been written documents a portion of history of the human race.
do you want a more economically advanced state?
computers can help with our educational needs.
lastly there was a mood of family.
second reason is, people stay in the house sitting down on the computer other than exercising.
another reason why something should get pulled off the shelf is if the book supported drugs.
all of these you can either download, go on the internet for, or buy them.
the last reason why i think that computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use it for entertainment.
in conclusion, is good for are society to have computers in are lives.
even though computers keep people in contact and keep them updated in their lives, that is the only important reason for a computer.
sometimes adults find books that are not pleasing, why would we put them on a self to be publicly displayed?
is is that easy.
overall i do not think libraries should take out these materials.
people have become addicted to computers.
lastly, students that go to school and most importantly collage with no computers, they wont be able to do their homework.
it can also let you see disasters in other countries and teach you about the world.
if we eliminated books from this section because they are being censored, we will end up with even less teens that read.
in conclusion, the books should stay on the shelves.
everybody can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want.
yes computers are fun, giving, but is bad.
although this movie is about historical events, it still needs to be taken off the shelves, in opinion.
you can also buy thing off the computer.
a lot of things are done by computers, computers also prevent you from wasting money on books because you could just google it.
lastly, is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world.
by simply having their age on their library card, there would be a lot of misunderstandings taken care of.
our society is just going downhill from here.
or should we just reason with the people who are offended?
were do you go?
we teach our children from a young age our moral beliefs.
having these programs helps kids stay in touch with friends that moved away.
there is really no comparison.
i agree that some people waste their time, but without computers everything would be much harder.
also you could use email to communicate with others although it travels slower than other of electronic communication.
but it is not up the the government to be able to choose what a specific child is able to view.
racism is a very hurtful thing.
yes sometimes i read a book that i find offensive, but i have learned that if i do not like does not mean someone else does not.
everybody should have the right to read what they want and have the choice to ignore the books that they choose not to read.
they had hope in their children when they came to to have great and prosperous lives.
the most popular and common of a computer now is communication.
he then pedals on, but realizes his water is running low.
how happy i was!
furthermore, people think that the computer is their everything.
now they cannot ever play the game for it might cause serious brain damage.
he brings the good and bad news from the relatives.
they can teach us about things.
over all there will be , cursing and smut novels out there.
there are a lot of different websites you can go to that you can search for one of your family members or friends.
he is able to fill his water supply and regain his strength before pressing on.
there is just to name a few.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they are extreme and do not change.
people like things no matter what, because there will always be flaws with some objects such as books, music, and movies.
this is one reason why i think that computer have a positive effect on people.
cycling is a vigorous exercise and can take much strength out of a rider.
therefore, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
my last reason was you can meet people.
the ostrich defends itself from enemies by kicking.
if they took all inappropriate books out of they library.
revoking the rights to the literary works of thousands of authors would also take away an intellectual culture that is conveyed.
some people would get very upset about how it was wrong because they are teaching the kids wrong about religion.
give people ability to learn about far away places and people and even allow people to talk online people.
i think computers is a positive effect because it can help you connect with other people from different parts of the world.
during this time the cyclist starts loosing hope.
there are hundreds of websites that will let you watch it for free.
however, many people find different things offensive than others.
when i go to the library i think i would mind is i saw some thing.
computers are educational but nature is better!
this way you can see your family from miles away in the comfort of your own home.
i have been to a library and nothing at all was offensive to me or anyone else.
you cant hide you kids for ever, sooner or later they will find out about these problems.
the author is grateful and proud because her parents welcomed with open arms people of all types.
as you can see the setting has a very strong affect on the cyclist.
many people reach their offices late.
did you know that of electricity in goes to computer?
while the cyclist was riding along, the sun was beginning to beat down on him.
computers help people learn and make work easier its a fact.
no one tells me what to wear or say, so why should anyone tell me what to read?
censorship for those who understand is unacceptable, although select items should be viewed under supervision.
the girl says this because just like the plant coming back to life and starting over, she will start over too.
so this guy is getting it pretty rough.
when someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors.
thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and i hope you agree.
they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
students are smarter than many people give them credit for.
prince siddhartha led a joyful life during his young age.
whats the harm in it anyway
these event would stay in her memory.
you can search someone or something across the whole world.
i walked outside to get the mail and newspaper.
computers are like people with fun to do and things to learn.
this could cause him to drink plenty of water and almost lose all of his water supply.
some argue that a library holds documents that are offensive and should not be put on the shelf, but i beg to differ.
and finally, computers are very expensive electronics, they have much up keep which costs you money ultimately making you depressed.
another example, say that you lost your voice to a terrible cold.
and it has impacted our country, in my opinion a good way.
as you can see, the internet is a valuable learning tool.
computers do not create positive benefits to society.
he feels relaxed, because he is at home with the water and the pine trees.
so my best solution for this problem is to keep those books and things out of the reach of children or have a specific age limit.
in case you are iffy about my reasons, i will simply restate them.
he admitted me to the first grade.
numerous of these articles are about real life and what is going on today.
obesity is a rising issue in and kids need to exercise.
when the children are on the computer, they do not want to leave.
the cyclist was astonished of what he had stumbled onto and appreciated that he was still alive.
do you use computers for any of these reasons?
computers are horrible when it comes to this topic.
for example he had to pump for minutes only to get bad tasting water.
you feel helpless and alone just like the hibiscus growing next to the highway in the photo.
it was describing how old it was then the cyclist got some out but it tasted like old battery acid.
it prepares a man for the day’s work.
could get included in and join activity.
after reading how computers are helpful by helping give direction, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me saying computers are helpful.
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist.
they have seen blood, gore, and other things in these games and movies.
is there one at your house?
it is always good to have friends, and stay in touch with family.
also most have been in sex education class.
we need to know what is happening and what is happening with other people in our lives.
finally, the temperature, whether it was hot or cold he cyclist was limited to water & being completely dehydrated was a huge caution for the cyclist.
you can take a trip and see your family.
most people have different taste in books, magazines or movies.
but, i do not think that just because they are graphic that they should be taken off the shelves.
people even go to school online they learn and study on things that are on the internet.
i think many people believe him to be a bit too wild and deranged to be a convincing argument.
libraries are almost in every town.
i am very fond of my dog.
what happened to our society?
this shows encouragement because has the drive to try again and to pass.
nothing is censored like it was back in the day.
during my last summer vacation, i went to shimla.
believes this is pulling her family apart.
or if you want to learn about a certain far away place why not visit the place instead.
in addition, computers give us the power to learn about faraway places.
censoring libraries is not going to stop children from learning about offensive things.
although there could be a way to compromise.
all of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend .
of course not!
he is making the ride seem like a lot of short rides so he could make it.
the facts point out that society fears the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcome of similar campaigns and has instated systems designed to prevent such occurrences.
this story also gave a warm feeling by the story of his family celebrating together in paragraph seven.
i get so frustrated that i hardly take bath or eat breakfast.
this made the trip extra hard and discouraging.
someone might have wanted to get that book.
go on a family vacation, somewhere fun.
even if it is offensive it can teach someone wrong from right.
my second main idea is that computers are good for people is when you finish high school, you can go to college.
you could do lots of other stuff than lay on the computer.
i think computers are better than books and dictionary because you can do all that stuff on a computer.
everyone of us waits for the postman whether he brings something for us or not.
surveys show that out of students use the internet for information or projects for school.
he describes the household as being very humble and always had open arms and welcomed others.
some of these materials be books, magazines, movies, and music.
that is the second reason why i think computers are good for people.
about how his parents was so selfless, and would always lend a hand to anybody needed help, matter who they were.
it also can have an effect on your eyes in your later life.
now anyone who thinks people spend too much time on their computer and that computers are bad for society is just wrong.
lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers.
not interacting with anyone causes their social skills to weaken since they are always on the computer.
so yes, take the offensive books off and there will be no problems.
she also loves all of the people around her home and how they all came together in unison even though they were all different cultures.
some lines from the song are, ' i get depressed, i cut my wrists in every direction'.
all throughout the world there are libraries.
we do not need things like that in our world.
sometimes, the cat spends hours and hours at the rat-holes in searching of tats.
most people think computers are unsafe, and that be partly true.
without computers, everyday business would take about twice as long leaving less time for the fun things in life.
well then think about it on computer is your only option left.
if people are to scared to talk about the bad things in life.
as a student, i will admit that the computer is a very tempting distraction and can easily pull a student away from their studies.
and i want on .
first, besides books, we have magazines.
so be responsible.
the very computer you love can harm you.
first, it be a book, movie, or magazine that someone plans on reading.
therefore you can interact online.
an effect of dehydration is poor balance that would have been useful to pass the ridiculously large snake he had seen.
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offending to certain people.
as long as those books, music, magazines, movies, etc, are put in the right section.
some are about subjects we love and could read about for days.
if you take away those books, then you will be harming our societies ability to learn.
this last paragraph seems optimistic talking about the flower blooming and the geese returning which seems like she is starting to accept the change.
no characteristic dictates the other characteristics of another,so why should an item?
they have three fins and a beautiful tail.
if it was not helpful, they would have never put it in the library from the start.
secondly it gives you new ideas on things.
the character says this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
computers, computers, computers.
it was here in the united states, that he really understood what family was or what a home was.
in fact, it is known that computers can immensely improve your reflexes.
if you take every offensive book of the the shelf then you will not learn from the other mistakes it has taken on other peoples lives.
should be watching him at all times, is responsible for him?
it has to be decided how far is too far when removing objects from the shelves.
for example, they could need information for a country like , , .
you can view many types of animals and study them.
under the to the , every citizen has the freedom of speech, press and religion.
we soon rushed to the spot in our boat.
there is no doubt that health is wealth.
you can also learn either interesting and useful things like food recipes the contents in paints.
there could be many ratings , , , and .
and three because it helps us updated on what is happening in sports or everything.
there is beautiful nature outside.
the mood created is happiness & pride.
independence is what we are or what we assume to have or already have.
they need to have a section where offensive books,magazines,music and movies go.
computers informed many people about them.
new blood is formed.
this can help many people who are working most of the day, because they can get their degree in their.
this is how society works today and it is not just because we were brought up that way; this is how we think and how we act.
how would you like it if someone was putting down your religion?
years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to.
over time, libraries have been used as a big resource when doing reports, researching, renting movies and simply trying to find something new to read.
there are endless possibilities for workers because foe some of them, computers are their jobs.
sitting in your room, bored?
have their own.
another bad thing about the computer is that it replace exercise.
this i could not imagine.
using the internet and a search engine, all you have to do is type a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds.
computers help people with their job.
in conclusion, these have been examples of how the cyclist was affected by features of the setting.
libraries are expected to be kept quiet and not out jumping around and screaming.
everyone takes something offensive but not everyone takes the same thing offensive.
sometimes its just the simple things.
in conclusion is a very useful thing.
if there were no computers, then this is what would happen to children.
he returns home very tired.
if your not going to finish it, then why is it there?
my last reason why computers are good to have around is.
another example was he felt warm because of that.
i was really happy for her and realized computers are helpful.
he uses tone words to describe how had things are when he says, the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
but because it is a series, should it be removed from shelves?
these are the things you should have.
but if you want to do this you are going to need a webcam.
when an author writes a story or an article, they are putting their opinion into it.
also so when they are typing they wont have to keep looking down all the time.
even students can do their home work, test and quizzes online!
the other mood that the author created in the memoir was gratitude in paragraph , this is shown.
i had finished my syllabus, but i was still very worried.
should we take all things that are offensive to us off the shelves, or leave them so people who do enjoy them do.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in these ways.
people find different things offensive and if everyone took these things off the shelves there would be none left for anyone.
as i stated in paragraph two that i used to be a user.
we can send registered letters, birthday greeting, parcels and money orders through the post office.
the last sentence in the story is significant.
this shows his determination that he feels he can go on such a long journey.
you can keep everyday updated at all times.
even if the are across the country, you can still chat with them, for free!
well you could by chatting with them on the computer.
she is also thinking beyond that by just laughing at herself and trying to conserve every bit of energy she possibly can.
i firmly believe that having computers generally has a positive effect.
it would offend the person who wrote the book or made the movie.
it also helps us do better on projects.
whether it on a webcam or one of those networks to and chat with each other.
in this memoir by family is immensely important to him and that mood shows greatly.
with this process, every book with a racial slur or questionable scene is not removed, while the ones that truly deserve it are removed.
it has worked for so many years, so we should not have to change it now.
i believe that these materials should not be found in libraries.
i can also remember going with my grandparents.
when people come in looking for some good information about something, they look forward to finding good tips, and not being let down.
some authors do this in a very offensive manner.
first the computer we could use at for every thing like go to other place you want to visit.
if these young people are curious, and desire to achieve greater knowledge on a certain topic for positive reasons, then let them be!
two, new websites have been made and people want to see how works.
i then formed my own personal opinions on what i gathered from the books.
i do not know of any student that would want to read the and give a speech about it in class.
have you ever had a paper assigned one day and due the next?
having computers, it absolutely helps us learn, whatever you needed to learn a computer has it.
i think they should overlook it.
computers can hurt your eyes if you sit too much.
censorship is everywhere not just in libraries.
their brain tells them to do things that are illegal.
computers also come in handy when something needs to be looked up right away.
people should get to choice what they want to read or watch without others taking it away from them.
also the chat can translate the language, thus it makes it much easier than talking on the phone.
there is not one ounce of sadness to me, just a happy and inviting family which comforts me.
to the public.
there was water everywhere.
dear , have come very far with technology.
using the computer is one of the most unhealthy choices ever.
of all my reason that computers are bed, this is by far the most disturbing.
dear newspaper, people think that computers are a waste of time and that they are dangerous.
the author concludes the story with that because she is determined to succeed in .
with a computer these are some things that you will be able to do.
if another person wants to read the book or magazine they would just have to wait until the book or magazine is returned to the shelf.
computers also do the same thing for music.
if you need directions to a place or you want to find out more about a specific person, a computer can help you.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
one can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language.
it is the people around you causing the offensive news.
those sections were created for a reason.
so this leads to my conclusion that it should not be your right to remove material from shelves that only you or group of people find offensive.
these allow you to send someone a message faster and easier.
computers help children and adults learn so much.
just go to your teachers home page and just print your homework.
kids can use computers to find information they need quickly.
as the night grew it became colder.
everything is on the internet and little kids are going to be very curious about it.
parents can censor what their kids read if they want.
he loves cooking and his parents taught him how to cook.
he had to go on thirsty, (a very risky thing to do while cycling) because it had the flavor of battery acid.
she reached for the book, intrigued, and flipped through the pages.
censorship in libraries takes away from individual freedom every day.
it can also destroy companies and our lives, can give limits and computers can used to exercise.
in conclusion, you need to get a computer!!
i think that these are all very important.
they help them because these is so many ways to communicate with people through the computer.
so you have to look at it in not only your point of view but other people point of view.
when i was in the sixth grade my teacher asked me to read and write a summary on 'a '.
i think that many would agree to this if it was proposed .
computers are helpful in many ways, they can be an information post.
do you think that your eyes are going to be fine i disagree.
for example, many live on and her sister, , she is very close to, lives in .
if there was truly offensive materials in the library, those materials would be taken out.
freedom is the key to any way of living.
as he continues forward, he notices that there are no buildings, cars, or people of any kind.
the love that they got for each other.
computers can help with countless things.
i also joined them.
instead, my father called using .
one person might find a topic very offensive while that same topic sparks interest in another individual.
no one was around because it was the desert.
lastly many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they used to be.
many people could consider rated movies to be offensive, but many people could enjoy watching rated movies.
it helped people learn more information, communicate with people, and invent more technology.
on your report card?
my mom always says that that is how she stays close to her friends and that is the same with me.
and three it will keep us updated on sports we like to catch especially if your a sports fanatic.
in the memoir he grew up in a kitchen full of people who taught him to love cooking.
there are always going to be offensive books and movies out there.
many people say over of the .
the author is happy that they did.
she also seemed a bit overwhelmed by the thought of home.
people find most movies offending but neither are movies made up of how people feel about it.
next, the terrain changed from being flat to very hilly.
the flower, outside in the cold, must adapt to its surroundings in order to survive.
i share everything with my friends and family and try to spend as much time with them as possible.
they shows she loves her parents very much and always will.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was admiration.
i simply want the people of this community to stop and consider what is easily available for our children to obtain.
the author also invited his neighbors into his home and was very close to them.
when you sit at a computer than eventually you are going to make yourself sick and in some cases die if you were up that late.
staying communicated with our family and friends keeps our boats strong.
if you online you can in the computer.
if they got up and went outdoors to do physical exercise, they would be fit and happy .
the creator of each song, movie, song, magazine, or any other publication has made their product for a specific customer.
a library should never be intended for a certain group of readers.
lastly computers are beneficial to society because they entertain us.
aunt rosi gave it to me as a present.
you either go break out the old atlas, or, with a simple click of a button on the computer, discover that the capital is .
also it will be easier for that you would not have to worry about bringing your history book with to home.
computers have great positive effects for everyone.
but mainly the mood is loving.
when i would watch music videos on every song that was being played was the edited version.
what if computers are doing more than that?
books open a new world to everyone and should not be taken away.
do i think we should have to take books off of shelves?
it would be hectic right?
this person enjoy the book and pass it on for others to enjoy.
all in all ,that ending paragraph reveals these specific messages
secondly, music and movies have censorship.
the world is not a safe place, its scary and mean to the people.
a sloppy writer can use the computer to make his or her paper neat.
taking that book out leaves the person who would enjoy that book stuck searching for another book.
first of all, people send huge amounts of time on their computers and small amounts of time exercising.
using a computer and learning in school basically can teach you the same thing.
thank you again for listening.
language usage in music is also a big deal.
this is why they should limit kids and adults to only hours or less of computer time each day.
so in reality some things should be kept and others taken away.
my friend barely used a computer and always played outside.
they are because they get start a new life over.
the pandal was decorated.
what do you go to the library for?
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
the boy did not know how to swim.
it gives me the feeling that i could walk into their home and be welcomed with open arms even as a complete stranger.
i think that if a book shows very offensive things they should be banned from everyone no matter what.
the uses computers to save lives.
it would be unfair to those people, and if we are unfair to them, we have to be unfair to everybody.
but the time spent, kids getting bullied, and the now lack of social skills is not worth it.
that is their freedom of speech.
why take that magic away from children
first, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together.
the first reason was that the books should be taken out of the library is because their racist.
it is kind amazing how advanced our technology is, how you send a message from to in a matter seconds.
a library is suppose to have a variety so anybody can find a book they would like to read.
if i find something offensive i try not to pay attention to it.
like on the quote of the rusted water pump.
it follows me to the nearby garden.
parents do have the right to check and monitor what their child is reading.
it also incorporates the hibiscus flower and how it will bloom again, this could have a double meaning, and mean that the authors life will bloom again.
how about if you are a mother, are you going to want to read a novel or magazine about abortion?
without books that are considered offensive, we would not have any books to read at all
when your reading online you just read what people say, basically rumors.
one positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate.
second, of teens living in the have become addicted to using the computer.
dear people that read the news paper and that have that like to play the computer all day more.
creating a link all around the world people can find out information about one another and learn what they are all about.
she buys the flower because she failed the drivers test.
this is the result of excessive of computer usage our society will become lazy, and dependent upon robot slaves and loose, brain washed.
letters can take weeks and can even get lost while email sends it to them instantly.
people rather marry a computer character than actually communicate with real people.
also, books pertaining to racism such as to a and books about slaves be offensive to the race that is being victimized in the book.
even in school kids use internet on their cell phones.
for example exercise.
the next place was also similar.
i think that because people should be having fun, socializing with people, and living there life!
this go for children and adults alike.
or if you have a vocabulary exam you can find the definitions fast and easy on the computer.
they even became your new best friend.
in this last line, she comes to terms with her present situation.
therefore, people are happy, librarians happy, and most of all you are happy.
i know i do it all the time.
finally, computers are great to communicate with people far away.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
in this article talks about a young man named and how his life was from then and now.
i believe that censorship within a library is not something that should be done.
friends and family are not people to take advantage of.
one solution to the problem could be that we start rating books and magazines like we do for movies.
however, computers have more negative effects on people.
the people will find out what they want there kids to read and listen and watch and so will they.
there are men and men and every stone is not a gem.
in some countries dictators do allow their citizens to have internet access watch the news or in some more extreme cases even watch television at all.
this world wold be nothing without computers.
on the computer, you can chat with people everywhere.
i hope the ways of life change really fast because things can get really bad.
finally, the story has a sense of roundness and end with that last paragraph, the story is complete.
people work from home all the time.
the author concludes this story this way to go over again the important things in the story.
will leave someone with nothing to read now.
with millions of different websites, the internet has endless possibilities.
there were also rope-dancers and magicians.
play games with each other.
if things were organized into sections that stated how offensive the material was then it is likely that almost everything would be in the offensive section.
people you actually really need talk to, such as friends, teachers or even people you never talk to in school.
because you can learn it easier with different under standing it better so you.
you save time and money on gas by doing so.
these choice words used by the author give you a good feeling and put you in a happy mood.
perfect democracy can be achieved by educating all people in a country.
you can save you picture, download music, play games.
in the following i want to explain my opinion towards censorship in libraries.
have a nice day.
you can past messages, play games or simply talk to someone on these websites.
also, the features of the setting give him determination.
but i know this because its says then i will take that test again her saying that is her saying she will thrive again just like the hibiscus plant.
you can try to pay your bills online and send your money to the wrong websites.
dear local newspaper, spending too much time on the computer is never a good thing.
for instance, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
if they were to get one it would change so much.
that are found offensive to people.
and what be offensive to me not be offensive to you.
this contributes to how the mood of happiness exists among the memoirs content, and furthermore describes the mood that was created by the author.
no one can get in job by spending all day on the computer playing games.
people can also hack into your computer and look at all your documents.
google gives you answers to anything.
this setting was nothing like the old men were talking about.
and so what, its their time and they want to spend it on the computer.
finally, there would be nothing left in the libraries.
just as i would not expect an adult to go searching for a little kid book.
they build cognitive skills and offer a vast wealth of knowledge.
the subject of so many debates over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children.
computers have many websites that you can go to when looking for that special place.
some of these books could be helpful to the people who choose to read it.
it can help police find info about their criminals and track them down so they can them.
because of this, libraries should allow authors to speak their minds.
some people even go to school over the computer and get a degree in something.
you like the sound of this?
because of the amount of heat the cyclist was enduring, he became weary and dehydrated.
also when things got hard there was nothing around but ghost towns and abandoned buildings.
this is yet another reason how computers can benefit us.
computers can help you get a better education, no matter what your age.
that the parent has to sign before that says, ' child can see or hear the materials being displayed.'
you go and have many more friends, which makes life in general much better.
another thing is, i am sure you have heard of a website called, study island.
so is it worth it to you?
dear local newspaper, have computers ever hurt anyone?
the parents do nothing because they do not care about their own child.
my father bought the tickets and we entered the gate.
while many people found the offensive, others enjoyed the story.
if stores take away these items that it is almost like taking away their right to make a choice.
my brother’s name is oliver.
the most important is the computer.
i agree with removing certain materials that contain offensive things, from all libraries.
after all, nobody lasts forever and your time with once everyday.
since students rely on their computers so much then always on them.
no matter how much your teacher explains to you, just seems like there are speaking another language?
the variety of literature is the reason why it is so popular.
computers are so much easier to use than books.
lastly, computers are beneficial because they help education.
computers have very benefits.
people should spend less time on the computer.
farmers need water for cultivation.
i also have a religious view on all of this.
also, these websites cause people to their social skills.
computers can affect people in many ways.
some people have little sense of knowledge not to do the things that the movies, or songs say to do.
do you think people spend to much time on the computer do.
lets say you play baseball and you forgot what time your game is.
they have the authority and right to do so.
that excites me.
secondly, can be made.
children will see and hear offensive things anyways.
the desert effects the cyclist real bad.
many people thought is was right.
i believe this because computers cause people to be less active, most people would want to be at home on their computers then out side doing activities.
she hopes that the blooming hibiscus will give her strength to pass the test.
i am the kind of student that enjoys reading a book that interests me.
these computers are crazy expensive.
so the should think about what i am saying.
is in the highest reading level you can be in, in first grade.
it could be a website that you never heard about and something that can help you in the future.
people rather stay inside and play games on the internet then go outside and play tag or any sport.
online for the games make it even more fun thus it make them lazier.
lastly, the computer is used for business.
many people have different ideas on what they feel is offensive.
you can still believe what you want and read this book.
we should have a say to what is in our public library.
teenagers have a section too and they should be mature enough to handle what they read in books.
computers can do more harm then good in a house hold.
dear readers, i think that its good and bad to use the computer to much
he has to keep smiling against all odds.
if the terrain is rough then the cyclist could have a more difficult time maintaining control of the bike, especially if he is not a professional rider.
i would like you to put the in the and hear what people have to say about it.
they are also neglecting to spend time with friends and family.
and the people who write the books or write the lyrics for a song are just expressing themselves.
the parrot is somewhat big.
the earth is the only gifted planet which has a life.
also you can have the ability to talk to people.
well, yes because they are not getting exercise.
i think that action the librarian takes is completely unnecessary.
for example: they go on website & they go on it over & over & over again.
you use your computer to anything like this?
he thinks that he is going to die of dehydration and the birds are going to pick him apart.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it.
remember this next time you are someone you know sits down at a computer for a long time.
not so quick though as people can prove that they can put anything back as well.
having books, music, movies, or magazines removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive is in my opinion, a ridiculous notion.
there are many reasons movies can be offensive.
the road is long and filled with obstacles and the cyclist has hardly any water to sip.
this is great for not only school, children but adult to.
what is it that actually made these things intolerable in the first place?
he works day and night.
but sometimes people take advantage over it.
its lack of water, dry air, and punishing heat are enough to kill even the hardiest creature.
first and foremost, the use of computers will tribute to better research.
i have a little library of my own at home.
and get a college education without leaving your home.
nine out of ten people say that since they started going on the computer a lot, they have not gone outside or exercised in a while.
it was july, the schools had reopened.
his parents came to , with no knowledge of the language and having to endure many hardships in finding and keeping jobs.
my second reason for thinking computers have a good effect on people is technology.
if we get rid of every single book that offends people then we are not going to have many books left, and without books we have nothing.
well, i think that it has a positive effect.
they have a very positive effect on you.
first off, one contributing factor is that computers help us keep in contact.
he provides us with the food we eat.
you can even see pictures.
first of all, how offensive can library material truly be?
dear editor: more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that that benefits society.
he can deal with the heat with his good water supply, but when it runs out he begins to get disoriented.
nowadays, people are spending less and less time exercising, but instead sitting at home on the computer, or slouched on the couch with a laptop.
so you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones.
the computer is the likes of all the hard working students and adults much, much easier.
this creates areas of gray where there is no right answer.
kids should no the limit.
it helps you at your hand movements.
from my point of view, time is a big thing.
there are plenty of people that would like to have access to that information or entertainment.
a synonym for solidarity is unity, so here the author is even saying how his neighborhood all united into one big happy neighborhood.
some movies are not rated appropriately either.
it is incredibly difficult to imagine the entire country having the same moral opinions on our entertainment.
after an hour of searching i decided on one.
it has helped mankind so much from buildings to new inventions.
they might be offended of what one person says but who cares, not everyone is going to think or agree of what is being said.
kids are not getting any fresh air or exercise and this can lead to serious health conditions.
some movies have sexual content that our youth should not see.
well, we must make sure that this is a great opportunity to ensure our future .
do computer hurt you fate a you exercise?
how would we be call the land of the free if we are censoring everything.
plus, the more people buy and use computers the more company are going to want to invent new ones.
therefore computers have positive effects.
my school library is housed in a big room.
could use it for the , , and .
they could be offensive to some but to others only educational.
imagine yourself a white, year old boy, growing up in an all white town.
the same with magazines.
afterwards, said they felt an improvement in their mood.
computers benefit society more than you would think.
even though the actual computer is inside the fun and creativity can be whenever a person wants it to be.
thank you for your time and i hope you learned some shocking and interesting facts from this letter.
in said novel society has outlawed all books.
also written in our of , we are given the right to say what we want, and nobody can control that.
cereals have a great nutritional value.
have had racial slurs in it, but if one considers the time and place of the novel, these slurs were normal for the time.
just for a moment, think what would the world be like without computers.
but so many people take their laptops to the local park to sit under a tree on warm days and go on the computer there.
the hibiscus symbolizes everything, her home, her past, and her comfort.
for one person to declare what is right could highly offend another individual.
in conclusion the setting did not help him not one little bit.
in one sentence he say the sun was beginning to beat down.
he said that was one house hold he would never forget.
before he became buddha, his name was siddhartha.
this shows that hes getting frustrated and losing some hope.
they should give people the ability to learn about faraway places and to learn things about the internet.
its use should simply be monitored so that only those capable of accepting or understanding its message are capable of reading it.
do you believe this is the message to be school to future generations?
so she then gets hope from it.
computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends.
loves staying in touch with her families through computers.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in bad ways.
finally, it is also helpful for all the tools that can be used to interact with friends thousands of miles away.
dehydration is when your body begins to shut down due to lack of water.
what do you do?
what even happened to cellphones, you can take.
in the story it says that it was so hot he could drop dead from heatstroke.
sure, there are somethings that are very offensive to certain people, and those people will try to put a stop to it.
the owner heard me.
dear local news paper i think the computers benefits society.
this shows how one gets drained by hills.
also, being on all of these websites and more try to give you things.
that quote directly describes what the man was feeling and how the hills effected him.
healthy persons can think properly, act promptly and work peristently.
so reader these are some reasons why people should easily computers.
a computer is one of the most important things in the average home.
and even in construction business.
however she knows that the hibiscus will be coming back and she have the awareness of the obstacles coming back.
as the man moves on he comes to a fort of sorts.
creativity is a large part of life, and without it, we would all be the same.
for we are all the same, but yet, still broken up among looks and culture
the mood given by the author in the memoir is sweet, loving, and grateful.
said a person interviewed.
you could just about anything in the picture search engine.
its a good way to make an online friends.
i hope you consider this.
he cuts and shapes stones for many purposes.
secondly, computers supply you with information to write papers, newspaper articles, etc.
imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all of their information?
to let the general public check out.
you censor what your child reads and do not punish the people who go into the library and need the book.
books teach us about what wrong and what is rite.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
the can hurt people, cause addiction, and seclude your life.
we are living in a better world that it was years ago.
most hear curse words before they can even walk.
also, they taught him to be selfless.
people are always using paper and paper comes from trees.
taking a book away from a library shelf can decrease of knowledge from someone that might need that information.
the feature in the short story affect the cyclist because with no towns around there is now water.
the men then toss them into the raging inferno and you seem them become incinerated, lost forever.
i would only suggest that so the kids will have a healthy thought about things.
even though everyone says they are safe on the computer, they are not.
too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities.
there are many way you can get this information.
it shows kids that not everything is perfect.
i had to go to the to get it.
later in life when i have kids i would like them to dream about what they want to do in there life.
so thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me.
with doing that it decreases the chances of the children getting a hold of material that they should see.
and to play games.
i know that when i have time to go on the computer, i am not looking up things to learn.
after an hour’s drive, we reached the zoo.
censorship in libraries?
out computers are used for learning about place and people.
everyone is different in their own way.
that, at least she could hold on to.
another reason why my censorship in libraries is because it would give my library more variety.
do you like to see a rainbow without rain?
dear , i think that computers do not benefit society.
people should stop doing this you forget to exercise nature and to spend time with you friends and family.
he went on the computer and researched culture, so that he can be prepared.
i think this because all forms of literature offer a great opportunity to learn.
sometimes your children has a better time understanding then you did at their age.
so, think before yo act.
all it does is create anger and leads to lawsuits and more.
my brother told me not to make any noise.
somebody on that day in a room, with their eyes to the computer screen.
',strongly apply to this.
so, i have mixed feelings about computers.
magazines should be removed from the library.
without the internet, probably half of the world communications would be down and that would not be good.
because most of the things that people like is in the books or movies that the library wont have.
you can also got a look into space.
these computers, help with everyday life.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
he started of determined, then as the setting changed he became doubtful and frustrated.
computers are the future and its a good one.
for me personally home has always been a calm place.
see how much of a different a computer can make?
elephants are the largest land animals on the earth.
we should all understand that computers are a huge advance in science, and they are a great help, and also fun!
the reason why i chose those things is because you can look those things up on.
computers are great.
over were of the hills he saw a building came in no view.
since the united states has changing seasons it allows the girl to get use to the united states.
books allow you to create a mental description and picture in your mind for what you are reading.
why would people intend to take away something as important and useful as a computer?
so she had to take it off.
so, this is why i believe that having a computer is a good idea, and good to have.
fairs and festivals are held in every town and village of india.
say their a teen and end up finding you that is why parents should not be let their children be on period of time and should be on.
or it allows people to communicate without telephone numbers.
censorship is unacceptable on the grounds of personal rights and how it has affected history, but necessary when protecting the young.
many students straight away rush to the playground.
computers are not a benefit to society.
however, should a fifth grader be allowed to pick up a book about abortions at such a young age?
have you ever seen a book or magazine on a shelf that looked offensive?
a good movie would be .
i remember when i was about , i went to a hotel in with family and a family friend.
some factories release waste material into waterways.
you can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people.
for example the people who still lived in that remote area were probably as old as the cyclist grandparents and the directions were horrible.
in the every person has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic that they want to.
and instant messaging also give out society fast, easy communication with others.
he is a good sportsman.
some people like certain movies such as action, comedy, romance, or drama.
you will know that computers are good for our society!
this is not good because they should be out having fun, not on the computer all day.
this statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on.
in my opinion we should get rid of computers in every house.
two, if you have a library card, you can check out books, movies, music, etc.
so he can have a better life.
well the internet is here to help.
before a person checks out a book or movie, they should look into it to make sure they are okay with what they are getting.
taking away computers would drastically impact every day life.
the first mood created by the author in the memoir was powerful.
to show that the character has become a part of her new environment.
if someone finds one aspect of a work offensive, that does not qualify for the work to be banned or discarded.
no one can say for sure that censorship is completely needed or .
maneuvering down the hill would take a lot of energy and determination from the cyclist.
being on the computer stops many people from interacting with their family and friends.
like being able to communicate with your friends.
people need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer.
computers have everything, any info you need get it off of the computer.
she will then take that test again because its a new start for her and a new beginning.
when we meet up catch.
during the rainy season, raincoats and umbrellas are constant companions.
computers allow you to communicate will people from anywhere in the world.
it also shows the importance of the hibiscus.
the mood is thankful because is appreciating all that his parents have done for him.
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
if children are allowed these escapes they can do better on their school work and with their peers.
if we continue this most people will lose eye sight.
its like he forgot we were even the reason why i think computes should be in the state of .
now the home has long list of regular patrons.
moderate censorship is acceptable for the young, but there is a line, even though it is hard to find sometimes.
i think the author used what she remembers about her country and what she now knows of the new country and puts them together.
it is enjoyable to , talk, or email others.
i had no idea the movie was going to involve scenes like that and i was disgusted that there was no warning.
of experts say that having a close knit family will give kids a greater chance of going to college.
offensive books to them, such as parents or maybe even friends, they can teach a child wrong, and that child not learn the right way.
you could be outside enjoying nature, playing sports, or traveling.
so computer help the community.
when you go to a library you assume that no matter what kind of book you are wanting to read, they will have it.
also, when you have chores to do, what will happen to them?
he is welcome everywhere because he brings letters from friends and relatives.
oh, let me start with no.
one out of five people wear glasses or contacts, these days.
for example, when he is describing his parents cooking.
dear , recently has been brought to my attention that computers have been affecting peoples daily lives.
see these things you can go on the computer.
i remove the previously stated graphic romance novels.
other use them to talk to family and friends that are far away.
the answer is simple.
they enjoy the clown’s antics and his remarks about the other actors.
, courage is a good quality to have.
from the computer we can learn a bought a faraway place if we were doing a report on it or just our of curiosity.
i hope i persuaded you on my position.
she knows that with the help of the hibiscus plant, that she will pass the test.
for example, gay and lesbian marriage peoples thoughts and opinion on this topic.
if we do something without thinking about its outcomes, it can harm us.
i think that at least of people would try this.
the the sun was beginning to beat down.
it made him even more determined to finish because the terrain was so hard to ride through.
the first thing that affects him is the heat.
all these thing can be reversed.
you would have to go all the way to the library, find the right book, and read it.
i also think can be had for other to a and.
something that you take as offensive be something that inspires and encourages someone else.
also they have programs that let you know how to read.
the computer has games, internet, and ways to talk to people that get then attached.
she has more of an appreciation for now after seeing the hibiscus and remembering her past.
the people that use computers have important jobs.
the computer is and always will be a great source of information.
well something like that happened to my cousin but she got a .
the computer also effects you heath because your in a room inside not getting any air.
my pet is a cat.
first, i will be talking about how people use computer too much.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways.
computers are helpful in so many ways, , news, and live streams.
she felt a sense of security in conclusion the author ended with that sentence because its a new beginning for her and that hibiscus means a new start.
i remember one time my little sister brought home a movie from are local library.
computers have caused problems where kids do not do any types of physical activity which deprives them of their daily needed exercise.
because of computers, people have lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world and forgotten about interacting with family and friends.
the in this memoir is joy and happiness.
also to help your mother when she is planting or digging up plant,
every human being does not have the same taste in what they read, listen to, look at, and watch.
everyone looks fresh and is full of energy.
dear , people use computer all over the world, for one reason or another, but they are very necessary in our world.
the use of computers is great for everyone.
all of these can lead to different things like going or.
we must, as a society, be able to accept this.
taking them away would only take away from the number of people who visit the library.
in conclusion, throwing books out and keeping a library censored, would be a mistake.
these are all things that parents want to keep away from their children in order to keep them safe.
online people can communicate with others.
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the main character the cyclist.
i strongly believe that the the types of topics like violence and murder should be taken off of the library shelves.
the need for a , , or laptop is obviously great when you work.
i think that keeping offensive material in libraries have a good cause to it for one very good reason, learning.
crude comments are found in classics and are a powerful influence on the mind.
the mood the author created in the memoir was joyful and optimistic.
these changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing.
i believe censorship should be illegal not required.
to make everyone happy, the person could just not listen it.
librarians have the right to display the content of which they choose, but making them remove products that they feel are fine is ridiculous.
he was one of the few people who was working on going to the moon for the very first time.
we use milk in our everyday cooking.
the passage that supports this is,.
protect the future generations and censor what children are allowed to be exposed to.
you could send emails to your cousin half way across the world.
persuasion is also biased towards one side and you not agree with the side the author chooses.
you not want kids or others to see this sexuality and see what the world is becoming.
magazines are in some ways just as useful as books.
so to boost her confidence she decides to plant it.
therefore, computers and other things are nice and all, but are the worth getting fat or loosing touch with your loved ones.
we need to stop all this over protection in our libraries of all places.
i think censorship should be left up to the parents of that child.
it takes you deeper into things.
in conclusion, i believe that computers make peoples a little bit easier knowing that they have vital information right at the tips of their fingers.
all students use the computer daily to video chat with friends or instant message parents!
people losing time to have fun.
although you do need computers.
weather can make them use up their water faster or slower, rain as bad road conditions could force a cyclist go slower.
but people experience less the outside world when they surround themselves with technology.
as you can see, computers have many positive effect on people.
so censorship is not the best idea anyone could think of.
the computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can stay in touch.
a normal person encounters several occasions a day where they hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends.
at the same time we should not remove any books from the shelves that are offensive to some.
if certain books are taken off the shelves of a library than books that are famous now have never have been read.
thank you for your time.
i believe there should not be any censorship in libraries.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people.
however, those same appalling concepts have become accepted if not an uncommon habit.
anyone can watch any type of movie in my opinion.
a library has many different things found in it: books, magazines, movies, and some have music.
please agree with me.
they not all mean harm towards me but towards other readers they could.
because children and their parents are spending way to much time on their computers.
that is what computers are there for!
the game goes for adults that love jobs in offices, schools or anywhere else.
lastly the computer strengthens hand eye coordination
after some time a team of traffic police came.
this sounds very complicated but at least we are doing as much as possible for trying not to expose anyone to anything they are to young for.
everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not appropriate.
but the computer all of that to society.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
the author lived in a neighborhood of immigrants that were friendly and always helped each other out.
computers can show you pictures of a place, but when you are actually there, it is really fascinating.
you could use your webcam and talk to them and see than like you were in the same room.
did you ever stop to think that the piece of information that your child was bringing home could be offensive to someone else?
a holiday is free time and it should be spent in this spirit only.
secondly there is the fact that a computer can transport somebody in there mind.
with dating sites you can find the perfect person and maybe go to the with them.
a third mood in this memoir is compassion and dedication.
in the story the cyclist is faced with the mental and physical journey he takes while riding his bike.
people just need to learn to get over the fact that many offensive things are found in many different reading materials.
, he tells of how the door was always open and their newfound family was always a seated around the table.
it was the first time that i had visited such a nice place.
these will even be areas on the website to donate to the that need assistance.
i think yes.
in conclusion, the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show how someone is adapting to change.
i mostly draw pictures of people, animals, and birds.
so that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society.
i personally, in my own opinion think that would not be fair.
it would make you anxious to read it.
people should go to the gym and build strong muscles.
well you email, , , or of course.
instead you can look up the facts you need online.
students also use computers to look up information.
he gives his thanks to his parents in paragraph .
the internet can show us pictures of beautiful places that we have never seen before.
computers let us look up valuable info.
next, it might let someone feel better.
well, computers let people to that.
in the story he writes, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
that is where places are trying to clean things up.
the authors gave the decision to choice between books or items.
not everything can be just peachy kin all the time.
hip is one of the most explicit kinds of music and is very offensive to all kinds of religion and some race of people.
i could not imagine what it would be like in that type of society.
my hobby is drawing.
when many heard about earthquake in , they could pull up information within seconds.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
the best way to get out of reading was reading a magazine.
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
all of which do have the need of removing these books and other materials from the libraries' shelves.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist physically and mentally.
it is exhilarating to watch pouring rain and to run about in it.
the hibiscus will be budding which means that she herself will branch out and learn more.
that is how the mood is created by the author.
some things a magazine can contain are about advertising tobacco, such as its good for you to try.
dear , i think computers have a good effect on people and not a bad effect.
i believe books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
the single force of staying over brought people together.
i have heard that spending time with family would bring your grades up in school because as you talk to them, you learn new things.
when your outside you can also see all the breathtaking scenery, wild animals, and exotic plants and flowers that live among us.
obviously, the interactions with others on the computer have a great effect on people.
he was dying of thirst and then he found the bottling plant.
the mood in this memoir seems to be a grateful tone.
spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is awful.
the road was also rough, plagued with many rolling, crippling hills.
to add insult to injury they often befooled me and made me a target of their jokes.
this represents his knowledge and experience in the matter, and showed that he was adapt to his environment through experience.
in addition to students, doctors also greatly benefit from computers.
as i was growing up, i was able to get what i needed done for my school at the library.
if a teen goes to a library and can not find what they want at that location, they will simply move on to another location.
when we go to visit our friends and relatives, we collect different plants from their garden also.
i know in my own life i have read books that at first ,the book offended me.
dear readers, has come to my attention that there is a debate on whether or not computers benefit society.
having these documents in a public library could interest small children in reading things that are inappropriate for them.
also, you must have a membership to that department.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
look around, are their little children around.
colour has been an inseparable part of man’s existence from times immemorial.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because when he has water and plenty of it, the setting seems to be smooth, easy riding.
but we both gained something by reading the book.
so i think that there needs to be more careful eyes in the library staff to make sure that those kind of things will never happen again.
he is an obedient boy.
school, family, and sports is my always tells me.
i would enjoy all my birthdays if i was that person and also my first friend.
you save green and are green!
i should i tried it before.
being able to chat with friends is one of the best!
when she saw the hibiscus, the exotic plant took her back to her memories and to the love of her old home.
lets say you needed to make a change to the price of your goods but your car broke down and the incorrect price was miles away.
people sue messaging to connect with their friends, family, & other people they not know.
she is comparing her life to the lives of the geese and the life of her flower.
is used by teens and adults like, and for one reason only, to socialize with friends via computer.
it helps with a lot of tasks these days.
watching old reruns of the .
sometimes you can even play with you friends online with a online game.
my second reason why computers are a good thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people.
should we remove these inappropriate items?
this is a positive aspect of the computer because currently the has been enduring the economy since the depression in the.
then leave it alone.
also the fact he was in the desert there were no trees to give time off shade that he could rest in.
he prepares fodder for the animals.
certain people like certain kind of music.
we have troops fighting for our freedom of press and freedom of speech and censoring books completely ignores these wonderful freedoms our country has given us.
a kid will see this and then they will probably think it is cool and go out and do the same thing.
computers do have an effect on people.
a survey was set up by the foundation to see if students prefer computers over books and said yes.
like how happy dose that makes that person that reads the books.
i believe that you have the right to take that book off the shelf.
this quote is saying that he is dehydrated in is having trouble keeping balance on the rough terrain.
as i was in elementary school, we had recess but now in middle school we never have it.
would you, a teacher, want to get sick with no fresh air or be healthy working out doors?
i blame myself for picking up in the first place.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on people.
computers are a great way to explore.
just about everyone would get offended by one of these books, because nobody liked or does like , but they have to be there because of history.
it is also very happy.
once you see what you like on it or what you want you can change.
children rush to their classes and then the school becomes quiet again.
no book should ever be taken off the shelves.
another feature of the setting is the rolling hills that make him feel like he is never going to reach the next town.
as i was reading the book, it said some very mean and offensive things about the people.
books are good to read.
scary movies are not real and some books too.
there are many reasons why we should could keep computers but here are some, interact with people, learn about other places and learn about family.
i listened to rock music at the time and loved how talented the artist was.
i remember one time in particular.
okay some book are bad and offensive but you have to look at it this way.
allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info.
my last solution is to have signed permission for anyone underage.
the only thing the have a some pictures, gossip, facts, and some stories that might peak your interest.
when i was a child, my mom spend hours in the local grocery, shopping for food.
as we all know, everyone is different and have their own interests, so they should be able to find the book, music, etc.
this then begs the question is it okay to censor certain books from the shelves of a library which can potentially enlighten us as growing students?
by putting those movies and those books in a separate area it gives parents the chance to teach their kids, and the kids time to grow
the author has good moods.
computers can even score tests.
and let me tell you, there is no restarting after that.
i believe that if not everyone can be satisfied then why bother.
computers can entertain you with games.
but i have to leave my bed.
since i use the computer everyday onto all.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
i would let them know how i felt about a certain product in the library in a soft and calm manner.
another great thing about talking online is that i can talk to all my friends, not just the one i am playing with.
however i think people used computers the most for communication.
a reason that it is love is because he loved everyone in his family.
have you ever found a book offensive?
what would they do if that movie got taken off the shelf?
these books, movies, and magazines come across as offensive to some people.
how could they allow this kind of thing on display like this?
the final paragraph gives hope that she will take the test again and it will all be okay.
we all sang songs of joy.
i personally think that a young adult should be able to read any book or news article that they wish to.
when i was looking, i saw a guy yelling at one of the librarians.
they will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day.
dear the , computers do not benefit society.
the next day we went on a city tour.
i am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
i hope i got my point across that they are bad.
if you need directions you can look it up on the computer.
books on the other hand are similar.
this is a question that both sides can argue with creditable facts.
taking the to everyone will read a book in their lifetime at some point in their life.
history of our country, history of our , and history of sad and hard times.
it looked as if he was drowned in a sea of books.
i came to the .
if we do take away all the offensive materials we should take away everything.
my opinion is that libraries should be used primarily for educational purposes.
he is a useful servant.
it takes material away from people that can be useful.
in many libraries there are books, movies, magazines, and music that people find offensive.
perhaps we will find nature more interesting.
getting lost will also lead to dehydration, tiredness, and heat stroke.
the mood that was created by the author in the memoir would be i believe love.
people need more time to interact with their family.
she bought a hibiscus and went home.
also if you are writing a research paper for school then you would probably want to find your information on the computer.
discoveries cannot be made about new species on the computer, a computer cant find for your find .
i have three reasons for this issue and they are , and .
with a click of a mouse you can virtually have the whose world at your fingertips!
elephants are very strong and powerful.
do you know that a very high cause of obesity is?
not me, i would much rather be with friends outside or having a family picnic at a park or lake.
experts say that people are starting to spend to much time on the computer and less time in the real world.
my views on censorship in libraries are alike in many different ways.
there is a book out there that you will enjoy.
in this next paragraph i will explain the reasons why censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
this is saying that there was a fun vibe in his house when he was growing up which makes you feel happy.
these two things are not okay.
while using a computer you can also talk to people.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show she has hope.
we want to good guys to win.
when she goes back to take the test shell have the comfort of her home land of the hibiscus plant to encourage her to pass the driving test.
they need to be written, read, and selected to be published.
our country based on a freedom of press and speech, to deny that to deny our livelihood as a country.
remember its your own opinion about the book not everyone is different then you
in conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone.
first of all people spend to much time on the computer.
but, maybe if we put censorship in libraries then some or most of the problems can disappear.
throughout the story he mentions the lack of water.
also, people could learn about amazing places.
next, is how computer could benefit our society.
there are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on.
are the ones who should be reading those kinds of books, not their children.
it is disappointing to think that people nowadays focus on the graphic scenes in a novel, versus the exceptional writing style.
you can even take classes online not impressed?
one of the biggest problems that the author faced in his essay was his surroundings.
in libraries they have tons of materials that have language and images that are offensive.
one way computers benefits our society is ability to access ample information, pictures, and news.
people of any age should be able to check out any book they please
everyone hates when their camera or video camera breaks, and will their precious and wonderful memories are gone.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
books console us in our sorrows.
technology is advancing every day.
sometimes we relate to them or in my case art such as music is what makes me feel better when i am hurt.
this can lead to obesity or other weight issues.
also, you can watch movies, episodes, and videos.
, there were hills that required more energy to get up.
also its beneficial that everyone has thing to do but computers are the best thing to do.
first of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have.
all it does is bring some people down, make them cry, and also so stupid stuff.
yes computers have had a lot to do with a lot of technical advances, but at what cost do these technological advances come?
it would make everything far less dramatic.
this shows that the hill was very hard and strenuous to get over.
computers have led to many dangers.
example, can study their math facts online math or learn about the skeletal system health classes.
sometimes they do it to get a point across to the audience.
that is why the story ends with that sentence.
music should not be taken away from people going into a because of its vulgar content or anything of that matter.
also, it exploits that she will get the courage to keep on trying and not give up.
now it is our rite to save our books, if we do not then us as will be lost.
she now sees her new home as having familiar things in it attached to memories, as her old love did.
dear , i have reasons why computers effects have on people.
different websites with tons of information and true facts really affect grades of most students.
people also make and keep in touch with great friends through the .
but he is mostly grateful for his parents turning his house into a home.
if a parent is concerned about what their child might read, they should confront their local librarian.
there are people who believe that everything should be left the way that it is written.
help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others.
the author creates the mood of friendliness.
so i believe that in a way, an excessive amount censorship on things in a library can be a bad thing.
when the librarian told us, we were upset because us girls loved to read those books.
dear , i think that if a book is on a shelf the book should be taken off if found offensive.
people have to think the library is open to children and elderly.
did you know that at least an hour exercise is needed everyday?
the books are arranged in almirahs.
plus who would not want a good computer game once and a while.
because of this computers can greatly help any community.
in this wasted time you could be out going for a jog or walking the day.
said that her book was offensive and she was going to tell somebody about it.
what would you do if you picked up a book, where someone is being teased about their looks, and ?
censorship is even more understandable in elementary schools.
if some find it offensive then no one can read it how is that fair to the people who do enjoy it?
with more miles to go,the cyclist starts to loose hope of making it to his destination alive.
and to get good money to make us happy.
so what do you think, should this be such a law.
over of the owns at least one computer in their house.
relationships with others online is never real.
in the essay, the cyclist is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
maybe if she had not seen the movie she would not have threatened to kill her teacher.
movies are going to be offensive to at least one thing all the time.
books are so very important to us and our world.
most teens say they are always willing to meet new people, and the internet is a great way to do so!
we cook on gas stoves.
the road became bumpy and curry.
lastly, video chatting is a new improved way to see a live video of the other person.
clearly this is inappropriate behavior for a child.
final reason is that computers help out with sports.
he was an italian inventor.
you can find a lot of amazing things in a magazine.
you can also find the nearest hospital.
hopefully, everyone keeps every book on the shelves.
however, in the case of a school library, all the books of course should be age appropriate.
orange is also another palatable fruit.
when i got home and began reading it, it turned out i was wrong.
can we live without the computer?
we should not throw wastes everywhere.
another feature of the setting that the author described was the cyclists location.
books are things you read.
this just shows how much the them, and how thankful he is.
those are probably the most important things that should most likely used for the computer.
dear man, would you want people to be on a computer all day doing nothing?
changing the offensive language in this book would totally ruin it.
when he gets to an actual running store, hes relieved.
computers are of many things for they you.
if a person took offense from a book or magazine i believe that person should just put it back.
this has happened to me before.
movies can also inspire different people to do different thing, such as become an actor also.
dear newspaper company, more and more people use computers each day.
this is one of our basic needs as an individual.
a large number of people came to see the fair.
the same moods came everyone that was mentioned in the memoir.
also it is a great way to play games.
and some people do find that person that they been looking for.
it would become a new fad and people would find a problem with just about anything.
almost every family has one, some people even have more than .
certain materials that are found in libraries are sometimes not age appropriate or even offensive to other people.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he thinks after a nice afternoon in a nice campground a shortcut to his next destination would be very nice.
because of the hot weather and rough roads the cyclist became dehydrated faster than normal.
they re in the paddy field even before the down.
it goes up and down.
the book was such a great story and should be read by many people and should not be kept in a storage room in boxes.
no, you can go online to your schools website and click on your teachers names to see what you have for homework.
history books should not be censored because it is facts and teaching kids on what has happened in the past and how people survived.
one setting feature is the rolling of steep hills.
you can have your own censorship in libraries from your individual freedom.
whilst regular colleges could cost around thousands of dollars in order to get in, online colleges are much rather cheap, affordable to anyone.
since she tries to make a???
i do not agree with that because say you have family in a different town, city, or state.
computers are even portable go wherever they go their still going to go online.
he had to enhance these extreme.
on his way to the shop he says, slowly gaining elevation while losing hope.
when they need to order supplies, most times they will go to a web site and order online.
and i hope to that you start living it healthier.
the cold weather is an obstacle for them.
they can also rent hotels movies and games.
there are sites to find where to go camping and have that family vacation you have always wanted.
it inundates large area under cultivation, wrecks public services and makes life miserable.
a lot of people over used it too.
another reason why i think the author made this the last paragraph is this.
this show that the flower help her feel better show that she will do it again.
it could be a dangerous poser!
it is the duty of the library to keep the freedoms of the people and provide them with the entertainment that they want.
as he travels on he notices everything is abandoned and empty.
my third reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives online games to little kids.
the morning walk invigorates body system.
are the words .
the mood is also appreciative.
instead you should keep working hard until you get it.
movie is hilarious but extremely suggestive.
no form of life exists on it, due to unfavorable conditions.
one reason why computers have such a positive effect on humans, is that we have developed many ways to communicate with people all over the world.
there are other neighbors too.
but why do some people think that it is hurting our society.
with little water, it was easier for him to get dehydrated.
this means that because the cyclist followed their advice he got lost in the desert and was running very low on water.
his parents often welcome neighbors and relatives to join the dining.
if we can do that our world would be a much better place
the answer is most likely going to be a yes.
have friends from all different race and culture.
i think that computers are not as good as some people think.
this obsessive time leaves no time to keep healthy active and fit.
computers effect a lot of people.
this would not be true if certain portions of information began to be removed.
after receiving bad directions from a few old men having people passing by in cars or near by stores would probably help the cyclist for asking directions.
they even have maps and you can print out directions.
it has changed the content on our television from years ago to modern day.
just getting them taken off the shelf would not be a good idea because some kids would actually use them for school believe it or not
the conclusion for the story is a nice ending.
computers are great ways to find information with google and other programs like it the whole world is at your fingertips.
these books and movies can contain graphic content or offensive language that any young child should not be hearing or seeing.
also save your job.
i do not believe that books that are considered offensive should be removed from public libraries.
lastly, you can just plain talk.
that way you learn about different ways of life and cultures.
people are concerned about if libraries take off certain kinds of books that their will not be books left on the shelves for anyone else.
first, a light drizzle started and soon, it turned into a heavy shower.
violence can be created through anything, and i feel that offensive books should be the last thing added to that.
no matter what there will probably always be a way for younger children to be exposed to these materials.
our society needs .
no matter how gruesome or vile of a description a book can give, it still does not compare with the visual picture of a video.
the desert hits him like a boulder because he is running short on water and needs to rest.
he had eighteen miles to next town without much water.
my second reason why i think the effects of computers is good is because you can contact friends or family that you have not seen in a while.
when someone eats a big mac burger, should they go upstairs to play a flash game, or go work out at the gym?
some books or movies could effect the young viewers dramatically.
computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people and if you think they take away exercise, they do not, they can actually help exercise!
now i told you all the reasons why i think using a computer is good.
i think the mood of this story is warm and loving.
the computers of our time help us with what we do everyday.
despite the racism going on in the places around them, his parents were able to bring people together by being welcoming, helpful, and friendly.
typing is a quick and fairly simple way to write, that saves people valuable time.
many parents watch their children go through this and are sometimes helpless to stop it.
one example would be our phenomenon search engine, google.
the author created the mood of happiness, love, achievement, and being proud.
computers can let you communicate faster, you can play all sorts of games for , and it provides information.
libraries are places that we refer to when we need to find historical moments, or about animals or anything else.
then i will take the test again.
there is nothing hard about biking in a flat straight line.
a journey boat is always very pleasant.
please keep reading to hear more about why computers are good.
they have to go jump to come another day.
in conclusion, the effects of computers are bad.
the experience is not the same.
i think the mood of author in the memoir is thankful, proud and happy.
different sections in the library can be available to certain age groups.
i went by bus.
it is important to be aware of what is going on around you.
firstly, students would chat their friends on the computer.
he had to slowly maneuver around it, though it was hard, he was successful and continued down the road.
the author uses symbolize to convey more of the story.
in the long run all this talking over computers is going to hurt them when it comes to school and getting a job.
also, people can pay their bills online which saves paper.
dear local newspaper, i disagree with the affects that computers have on kids.
this is one of the many perks of owning a computer.
the author just explains how he lived when he was with his parents.
becoming overweight has many health risks liked heart other.
then you want to work or go to another school some you need to do it by computer.
it expresses the authors feelings or love, the reader feels it to.
so newspaper i hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great.
you have to think to yourself that there are other people that enjoy or are interested in something you might find offensive.
the second reason libraries should not censor what books they provide goes right along with the choices we make in life.
well, no, because they think they will get entertain by technology instead of their family.
when the cyclist found open store with modern bathrooms, he had an overwhelming urge to seek out , kiss them, and buy some bait.
those things might be offensive to them, but not to other people.
sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways.
in the mental aspect he is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
some people were throwing dust and sand on the fire.
this is how the setting features affected the cyclists.
you can also learn about interesting facts or places.
in conclusion i think computers are good things.
it often makes people stand up for what they believe.
being censored is not protecting anyone it only makes things worse.
first by subject, down to the author.
i said their family because they could miss out on a lot of things.
so read on i know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below.
what is your opinion on reading materials?
these girls knock our confidence down.
first of all, computers let friends and family talk without spending a nickel.
why are we now cautious of our children pick off the shelf?
is grateful for what they gave up so cold have a good life.
through reading, i have taken the position that the government does not have the right to impose censorship on the whole population.
instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go on the computer and to many activities.
one way the cyclist is affected is when they have to cross the hills and plains.
i think this because: you can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource for you need to find.
i strongly believe that they have bad effects on people.
when they find that song that offensive, then there is only one simple solution: turn the freaking radio to something else!
while typing your report on the computer you might spell a word wrong well every computers has spell check.
the weather becomes pleasant and cool on a rainy day.
you need a computer if your teacher require you to type things.
sometimes i enjoy reading books where people get hurt and sometimes killed but someone else reads it,they might think that it is horrible and very offensive.
if the plant was strong it would not be quivering.
!make a say!
having a computer is great to play games!
the internet will provide you with any information you need.
and many people sometimes take it real offensive if the book talks about there religion, race, or anything that involves to there personal life.
this is my people should stop being lazy and have some fresh air.
many find books boring but it will help in the long .
dear , has come to attention that certain members of our society believe that computers are not beneficial.
we have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer.
at the same, these mane protests it from the teeth or claws of an enemy.
when was a good smile run.
there should be sections for teens, adults, and children.
adults are affected just as much and just as easily.
i feel this way because it can warn us about a natural disaster.
also the maintenance of the computer will take away time for exercising.
banning books would go against what our country stands for.
the desert was also hot, and dry.
the books on the shelf are arranged or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first.
people make emails, download music and several other things.
now do i think the the novel should be banned from a library?
i personally agree with them.
since a library is public lots of people go in to get books.
you can have a new best friend every day!
all my apprehensions came to fore.
you can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer.
on the other hand the person or persons does have the right to freedom of speech but should not exceed their opinion above the level of the law.
just because something is offensive to one person, does not mean it is offensive to everyone.
censorship in libraries can steer kids in the right direction.
taking away their entertainment would be the same as telling them that they cannot wear the clothes they would like, or drive the car they want.
working citizens use computers to help them with important jobs!
milk is used for making tea and coffee.
secondly, the towns around the way had been abandoned, leaving no place to get more water and no place to ask for directions.
but the more books read and understood, more books will be wrote and published.
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culture.
did you know of kids go outside every day that means of kids are in side on the computer.
just playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves.
while people enjoy computer, nature.
but i do think that it is offensive to people that have young children and there children are reading it .
when a teacher asks me to type a paper i always do it on the computer.
libraries are meant to provide information anyways.
computers in schools help to increase the amount learning our children.
but we always want to know about their welfare.
people get distracted on the computer that they never end up doing anything else.
you will be doing a lot of damage to a lot of people.
but he eventually finds a bait shop and he has a drink there so he is okay.
and search information in just a couple of clicks.
as she told her mom she felt the pain again but, her mother made her favorite food and helped her plant the plant.
if the cyclist does not see any buildings, he would not be able to tell where he is and he might get lost because of it.
i boarded a slightly overcrowded bus.
libraries are created as a place to expand knowledge.
the of this story is that happiness can be created and kept in one place.
i had my mathematics examination the next day.
i think the paragraph provides a feeling of hopefulness which is way the author concluded the story the way they did.
every since i was, ten years old i dreamed of going to .
the internet has millions of users and makes life a lot easier.
could do lots of things.
i had a similar experience once.
all this would happen because he was on a computers.
however, when she sees that the hibiscus and geese are familiar, she is determined to adopt as well.
those kinds of music must be remove from any school library or any public library.
computers are not worth your children at.
that way the material will no longer be public, but rather your own and you can do with it whatever you choose.
authors are hurt because it is their work that is being censored.
they will also help us to invent more technology so that one day we can live on or something.
even though i have a problem with an item, it still needs to be able to be accessed by all people.
we can meet new people on the internet.
three main reason as to why i think there are more negative impacts than positive and constructive impacts from computers are is a very big issue.
computers teach us about interesting things like faraway places and people.
these examples show how important the internal to learn about people and places, maybe give a helping hand.
these materials can be found helpful to others.
what if you want to talk to a friend?
we learn and understand at different rates.
has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want computer in their school?
the library should keep certain books at the library such as the bible and collage books.
another idea i have is if you see a younger kid by older people books, movies, etc.
the computer sped up this process.
no water, and no direction effects the cyclist.
my father is favorite is the financial deal.
getting sick, loss of memory, and no good future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start getting some exercise.
as the cyclist rides to his destination, he encounters obstacles and views his surroundings.
who would want to miss this?
also, some say using a computer can give you hand eye coordination.
first, computers have become a vital part of education and research a like.
, you need a computer for projects.
thank you for taking your time and effort to read this, i hope it has persuaded many people.
that is just how the songs go.
they did not blame the library.
this made him more dehydrated.
it reduces the chances we have to learn and to flourish.
she means by that is everyone has their own opinion on every piece of material that hits stores and libraries.
by just sitting at the computer for a while you will not be able to do things out side.
this has become the addiction of the world.
if we let everybody take books off the shelves, then there will be none left.
is clear that if you want to stay healthy, computer usage should be limited.
these are my three reasons why you should not stay on the computer, the more you the more you will want to stay.
you would become over weight and unhappy.
a lot of teens and kids use their computers to shop and stay in touch with friends.
i believe people should not be able to censor books.
with the new technology, people can send emails within seconds instead of running around the entire office giving out memos.
think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with.
internet helps people make the world a safer place.
the setting has a major role for a cyclist.
though out this story there is a certain of .
no one would ever want to invite you anywhere because they will know you will be on the computer.
lastly, the author ended the passage with that paragraph to end on a good note and show a positive outlook on life.
his mood at this point was already confident, but this adds to it, with words like rushing being encouraging to him.
computer you have to program it according to your requirements.
, out of people surveyed in , agree that the use of computers benefits society.
when on the computer your not really interacting with.
they have two large white teeth known as tusks which they use for their protection.
movies guidelines are along the same pattern.
computers are very beneficial to society.
music can get too extensive as well.
my third, reason is that it helps send things all over the world.
nature is so beautiful but its being destroyed and we do nothing.
as you can see having a computer can be fun, but its not the only thing to do on a computer.
these are simple and save lots of time.
the books are ranked, critiqued, summarized (back cover summary), and even sorted in a library.
for example your family would want to go out but you say no because of that computer parents would they would because your lack of communication with the family.
most children from ages to draw a curious mind to the very adult world and seek to find answers.
the eldest son is a spoilt child.
so, online is my for why you, the local newspaper, should agree with me.
although, it not be the writers at fault here.
they can also play against people around the world.
i personally love books about drugs, sex, and many other inappropriate things.
for example, children should be taught that there really are bad people in the world.
would you want your children influenced by these findings?
furthermore, computers continue to help instead with store say keep friends i can talk with friends or family far away.
this proves that it takes away time outside alone with exercise.
this shows that even though she failed it this time when the hibiscus gets bigger she will retake the test, it shows ???
this is what they should do about books that are found offensive.
she is setting a real goal for herself.
the cyclist had only brought so many water bottles and was quickly drinking them all.
i hope you are agree with my ideas.
if someone who hurts themselves hears this, think of what could happen.
reading is an extremely popular activity.
that is how the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
dear local newspaper, have you ever used a computer?
your family is important so you need to spend time with them.
this summer my father taught me how to ride a bicycle.
a minor cannot walk into a movie store and go to the section of movies deemed for adults, or someone over the age of eighteen.
censorship would lead to just like in '.
a speech on the doctor.
i really feel like am on both sides
she offered me a small chair to sit on and enjoy the dance.
many of the older people think that it is not fair for them.
when i think of a computer, i think of typing or a keyboard.
everyone thinks that different things are offensive to them.
computers are a huge impact on society, but do they make everything better?
to cheer up the reader, he ended the story in this way.
all this does is restrict the public from finding new ideas to compare to and form opinions.
there are things people will not agree with.
like for example rap music.
in , we are a democracy, but we still choose censorship to hide certain information from certain people.
now the cyclist was experiencing major heat, sweat, and dehydration.
secondly, email has created a fast, easy way to update people on schedule changes, ideas and even sales and specials offered by stores!
this creates a tone of hope for happy times in the future.
by cycling towards up and down no often, it secured his journey.
if you are sad and need to talk to somebody you are a few clicks away from being cheered up.
we need to take a closer look and really examine what needs to be taken off the shelves.
you see how skinny she is.
the author is giving a message not to give up.
the book looked used, for its spine was badly split and several of the pages were nearly detached.
a lot people can talk for hours on the computer and that is what takes up their time instead of going outside.
another effect computers have on kids is that stops them from spending time with family and friends.
secondly, using the internet on computers makes finding information on a variety of subjects much easier.
i want people to get along with each other.
first of all computers have caused to not exercise and become unhealthy.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happiness and gratitude.
i can see the headlines now, ' watching movie cause them to be murders.'
censorship is purely opinion.
some parents might not want there kids to be exposed to this.
it that his parents sacrificed for him.
i am actually reading the very controversial book ' of '.
computers effect people for sure, but not in a way that people would want to be effected.
although i do not fully agree with the ideas of many theorists, i do not ask that their work be banned from public libraries.
some believe that this would be a concern because it affects peoples health.
the parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the item.
more than parents voted yes.
this also shows us that he is proud of his culture and who he is as a person.
these are three reasons why i think computers are a good thing.
my friend bought a computer game last week.
computers can be good or bad.
some like offensive things that they have in the library.
if you already have a computer then your fine.
its truly disgusting.
she is going to build up and change in time for the retake of the test its like a rebirth in a way.
they allow us to learn about faraway places, communicate with others, and inspire the world around us with our ideas.
they can help us learn new things, we all can meet new people.
you probably used a computer.
you can also meet new people with one of the many sites available.
songs always have a meaning or a subject the artist sings or raps about.
she would spend all day and all night on it.
if anything should be banned from a library it should be censorship itself!
lastly, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising.
as a result, the students grades would increase.
the last way the computer helps out the its with box from there.
so if they had the right to remove that book i would have never got the chance to read that book.
another reason is that some website are not always accurate with their information.
if he had been traveling in the , for example, he have been more comfortable.
everyone in a library has the right to take or read what they want.
i always talk to my friends online.
some people think the type of words used in a book make it bad, but to others that is what makes the book.
in that case they have a very high chance of being very offensive towards the person or group they are talking about.
he preached his doctrine to the people all over india.
public libraries are a far different story.
they both overcome obstacles.
what if somebody took out the kind that only you like to read?
because than enjoying the fresh air and open fields has to offer are enjoying or our !
secondly, libraries need to be extremely cautious about what music is made available to the public.
but if you are hooked on the computer, as so many of us are, you just not spend enough time with family and friends.
the computer gives people the opportunity to chat online with other people.
no matter what your interested in freedom was gave to you so use it
i believe there are certain instances where censorship is necessary, but i also feel it must be kept in check.
through the internet, people can type messages back and forth.
one year i went on vacation to .
an additional part of the setting which caused major doubt was that he was in a deserted desert.
do you use a computer?
when a certain person is on the computer for only an hour, they are damaging their eyes tremendously.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offensive history.
every since you got your computer have you been receiving bad grades?
starting with what they listen to or what they watch.
my first reason is they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
not everyone can do these things, but everyone who has a computer can.
as you can see computers are very important.
our children need to learn go out and exercise an hour a day.
weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
shut down libraries?
you have a choice to read or watch something.
lastly, just by going for a short walk with your dog, your not only walking and getting well needed exercise, your bonding with your loyal friend.
anyway most people use the computer to communicate nowadays.
because of bad effects the screen has on your eyes.
there are those of a select few, however, who are under the paradigm that not all of this information is for all eyes.
the cyclist is definitely affected by the change in terrain.
she is now striving and working toward doing her best to become successful.
the quote how the author thinks of the different cultures uniting together.
imagine what else could happen by staying of computers.
one is about a soldier in and his present wife back home.
they affected him physically because of the rough terrain and the heat because he was in a desert and in the mountains.
librarians are not in control of the material people wish to read.
they have lots of websites for games.
i also believe that if its helping you learn then it should stay on the shelf.
the possess of issuing the tickets restarted.
i can relate this to my brother with his dis.
and that is why i think the author has a grateful mood in the memoir.
speech is still a freedom though, and if we cut out freedom we would be in a bad spot.
let the reader decide its value.
you can ask people question.
computers take time to find into than a book.
i started reading .
what are the conversations mostly about?
fun what the government is doing now.
he wants to tell us about what they did for him.
also you can make plans with one of your friend on something if they live really far or something like that.
therefore worries of problem like this have already been solved.
i remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up.
my second reason is because books that they carry at the library are usually educational.
like once you find it you click and a of things so when you look you on same thing else.
the government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you.
he also says how grateful he is for his parents.
last one of my best friends in the world moved all the way to .
people do reports on celebrities and famous people from history.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him dehydrated and hot.
many companies make these pictures with all imagination.
if a parent gives a child unlimited access to material at a library, then the child should be able to explore wherever their curiosity takes them.
the next time it blooms the girl will be ready for the test and will take it again and will pass.
in my mind, everything could possibly be offensive to someone.
none of these books really seemed offensive.
there is things like sex songs.
when this happens, it interferes with their lives as well as their bodies, because our bodies need sunlight.
many people have there own personal view on this subject.
you will have know idea where to go because you never learned how to read a map.
he does not spend sleepless and restless nights.
it explains how the rough road, tumbleweeds, and large snake made it hard for the cyclist to keep his balance without water.
that basically means every kind of book out there.
the fact that something could be banned for something so trivial is a frightening thought.
my third reason is when people do go on all they do is eat junk food and get no exercise.
the author mood and body were greatly affected by that features of the setting.
every human in the is entitled to their own choice of religion.
any concerned person, technologically challenged would agree the countless ones on the computer are no good for the health of our country.
the material in our libraries is meant to teach people about life, and people find that wrong, then it means they do not experience life
final lines have a great impact for the reader because it is the last thing they read.
to stall healthy people need to be outside and exercise.
these experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more.
movies are just like books but for young children it is easier to visualize a movie rather then a book.
censorship in libraries is growing more and more gradually.
first off i would like to say the computer is a good source of information.
books have been around for hundreds and hundreds of years.
finally, computers teach balance.
, i am going to explain to you why we need computers to do projects.
putting a censorship on these things would not enable us to do these.
i can and will say i experimented with life.
whatever you say on the internet can be read & posted anywhere, any site, any time, whereas in real life its really you talking.
i even have an application for it on my cellphone.
here, this winter hibiscus.
if a person cannot think for themselves, they cannot draw their own conclusions on things.
also, content that is inappropriate for children be fine for adults to read.
but something even worse is on the way.
, , people have been doing less exercise and not enjoying the great outdoors.
the author just creates a calm and grateful mood to this memoir.
i wonder what was going through his head when someone asked him that question.
last but not least, you have to watch out for your health.
or the libraries having books like that.
those are all my reasons to why people should really go on computers.
computers help people so much in schools, work places, and at home.
and for their love and sacrifice.
in the cyclists opinion things began pretty well.
would the decide for us?
if children are by themselves with no adult supervision and wander into an adult reading section they could look at something bad.
but these social networking sites help them come out of their shells and make them a little less shy and make more friends.
without knowing how to type you not get any top class jobs.
computers are also fun for kids because you can play a lot of games on bring.
when it comes to chatting websites such as , there are millions of people who belong to this incredible website and love it.
the computers are ruining family connections.
they can always be a positive affect on people when they need something.
this is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations.
you can get things from food to cloths and toys.
the setting contributes to the story by raising the intensity of the situation.
how do we keep them safe from offensive literature?
because everything has some kind of purpose to it, and has some kind of message in it for each and every person to discover
due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient temples.
the children also put their self in danger by joining a few different websites.
should you really be the one to make the decision on who takes it down?
they are not happy with the way you treat them.
in it is banned because of animals talking.
i get my answer within a day.
this book has many valuable ideas and lessons, and is considered a great piece of literature.
being able to play games, store thing, and chat with other people is pretty amazing.
magazines could be offensive by the words used, such as slang words, cursing words, and violent words.
this online predator smoothly invited her to the mall, where they moved.
about the same time, the bus reached my stop.
so after that we pretty much argued the whole time.
it made me sad to hear an innocent little talking about things that are way over his head.
in my hamlet i was an early riser.
interacting with their family and friends will be healthy to them.
it goes from flat road to rolling hills.
i believe this because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, they also give you the option to socialize with websites, and online chatting.
all you have to do is on the computer and look it up.
some people use them to get online education.
computers also act as a research, tool.
how do you think people can shoot a gun so and so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time.
for the matter of protecting children against something they should not read yet is simple.
another element in the story that effects the cyclist is the lack of water.
he does his duty honestly.
what there reading should have any effect on others unless they are reading also.
dear : some people believe computers benefit society.
maybe if we could make a petition and have at least people sign it then the book could be removed.
try to think how the future would have been if racism, terrorism, wars, or even an event like the holocaust were censored.
of people only use computer to connect with family.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this story greatly.
you can also customize your computer to your liking.
that is the mood in the home: blueprints of our lives.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
going on a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type anything needed, or to use the internet.
everyone likes different things.
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist in the story do not exceed posted speed limit.
i thought what in the world is this doing at my school they should have something like that in a place where kids are in a learning environment.
to take books from the shelves is to steal the words from the mouths of many great speakers.
we need more good things to influence our children.
trust them, they know what they are doing.
it should be that you must be seventeen to get anything rated .
lately, a technology buzz has hit all over the world.
what ever happened to spending time with family and friends?
he killed many people, destroyed many shops and probably even sold a lot of drugs.
in foot ball catching helps to teach the skill but makes you up on the ground after being by someone potentially yourself.
if someone was to limit the mental, literary stimulants that are out in the world, the amount of creativity and individuality decrease.
he would get tired out faster.
online games will still let you talk to your friends but you can have an avatar you can dress up and be creative with.
lets say you want to know about someone famous, you look it up on the computer.
do computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
she became familiar with her surroundings.
so therefore he knew he was in trouble.
i do believe that libraries should censor certain materials.
reading is an important thing and whether or not the reader likes it, they will come across one that offends them.
in the desert, there is no water making the cyclist become dehydrated.
it is also much faster to send someone an email than a letter.
we are also taught how to correctly cite and research work.
giving people facts about faraway places.
these are the moods the author creates throughout the memoir.
computers are great ways to meet people online so that you stay social and not.
i have a beautiful red toy car.
for example you can practice typing up essays and other work projects.
the building is an abandoned grape juice factory, which is ironic considering the state the cyclist is in.
the effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings.
most importantly you can talk to friends!
those are all the reasons why i think books with curse words should not be handed out to little kids.
for example he feels doubtful when he has hardly any water and has no clue where he is or where he is going to end up.
also kids will learn how to interact with each other by playing outside together.
if someone wanted to read a book on the , then that person should be able to go to a library and check the book out.
in conclusion, censorship is a concept that has its place in society, but must be used very carefully.
computers give you the information that you need.
if i look in the library, i could find a book with offensive material, but the book could still be a very good book.
this words use figurative language because the geese reminded her of herself, almost familiar to her now.
my sister went to the kitchen and tried to some work.
no, books, magazines, movies, and music can not be perfect for everyone.
they allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize!
is also grateful for both the personally & financial struggle her parents had to go through and braving the harsh northern winters.
i would have very friendly relations with all the teachers.
that shows how grateful the author is because he thanked his parents more than once.
if you keep doing other activities you can get skinny again easily.
their are plenty of rated movies that have won and plenty of other rewards.
the author shows a feeling of a warm, wonderful household with music and cooking.
if citizens keep sitting there then we will became unhealthy.
no one has glued their fingers to it.
search engines such as , , , and more allows us to research anything we want to know at just the click of the button.
honestly in my eyes its simple, if there is something you find offensive just stay away from it, because others enjoy it.
i was addicted to it.
but computers can teach you so much more than just different countries.
search him up on or .
parents could look out for what their children are trying to read.
also it could help you get a job.
last , you .
parents and certain groups should not have the rest of the world be neglected of their choice to view these certain programs and read certain things.
' day , my dad was pulled over three times for : .'
this must change people need to enjoy what this world has to offer.
the sight and felt he walking not make, fall on the ??
they can also teach you about far away places.
the arrangement of their food is made by the warden.
examinations are not a true test of a student’s ability.
computers are great for communicating.
those features at the setting affected the cyclist a lot on his trip.
certain people like certain types of books, maybe it was not the right section for a person to be in.
when he talks about his friends being like his family it makes people grateful for their close friends that they have.
they should be read the way that the author intended for to be read.
in my own personal experiences i have come across magazines, books, and music that are offensive.
we can limit our use to two or three times a week, and only use it for important reasons.
put down the mouse and go outside!
also, using a computer makes your projects easier because fixes your mistakes, and finds everything you need.
but science has also produced many destructive weapons.
dear the editor of the citizen, has been brought to my attention from some people around that computers and technology are bad for us.
fiction books are the first books children know how to read, this is where they start their reading skills.
i hope you write an article talking about the restrictions in libraries, and how they would make everything better off.
his appearance too is very funny.
you could search up a lot of stuff.
yes, that might sound dumb to the next person but it sounds okay with me.
this how computer help people talk with others around the world.
those would be either getting trouble at school, memorizing a phone number and the dialing it, or talking to than in person.
nothing should be banned from a library, music store, or any other place that sells these materials.
the when they came back quote started above can be analyzed deeply as the snow being her obstacles and the hibiscus being herself.
but that same book i have read might be interesting to other people.
in the story it says, i toiled on.
with computers we have enough for each kid in the class.
teenagers that listen to music from or are getting bad messages.
the point of bringing books together under one roof is to equate them, and give them all equal standing as literature or scholarly works.
when we want to go out to the movies my brother stays home on the computer.
what would you do?
these are just very few things that can happen.
the average weight a year old has increased from pounds in , to pounds today.
after much perseverance, he sat under a bo-tree near gaya and attained buddhahood.
even great novels like the in the should not be banned because of their content.
it causes the world to change very fast.
you can do this with computer, which would probably even be more entertaining than a boring ad book from the library.
they use their trunk to drink water and pick up food.
computers offer numerous ways to chat online.
if they did not like the book or movie it is their fault for picking it in the first place.
who can say what is offensive to everyone?
if the world never reported accidents, would be too much crime and terror.
censorship holds back many artists true potential.
to whom it concern, censorship is an issue that has plagued our society for centuries.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have an effect on people.
these are some of the few reasons why this modern technology is so helpful.
back when we had slaves that is what they were called.
on television there is always commercials that will attract kids or teens and influence them to but their stuff.
this creates more problems in schools and could possibly make someone hurt someone else or themselves.
a great thing to use on a computer is a web cam.
no body ever said that they had to buy what the person in front of you is buying.
he has a small shop where he works from morning till night.
secondly, movies on computers can be a real time if you want to around.
the music industry try their best to sort the music to your taste.
she and her nurses treated the wounded, provided them with good food and recreation.
for instance, if the cyclist had less strain on him then he would not be as tired and would not drink as much water.
also the author is saying that when the seasons change, things change.
if we all had the same opinions, we would not be ourselves in anyway.
in addition just going outside can do more.
to start, computers are helping many people with their hand eye coordination.
dear local you know long of time spent on technology could result in cancer?
do you think books, magazines, or movies that are offensive should be removed from the shelves stores and libraries?
many people take this as a serious thing.
learning brings achievement, a computer brings not succeeding.
not one person shares the same hunger of reading material.
i strongly believe computers do benefit society.
i also wanted to take you to the other side without computers.
also computers now have videos all over on how to do things like how to and other useful information.
people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them.
all of these reasons come together and say the computer does benefit society.
this would help the readers realize what time a day it was and how hot it was.
then it started to get a lot more sonny.
eventually, there would be nothing left because everyone is offended by one thing or another.
anyone, and even i can make observations of the acts going on around us.
he still never wants to see is father, but what he is doing is the same thing that his father also did.
she also made a song, taunting me everyday about how i looked.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist during his trip
the narration of rough road ahead a solo cyclist encounters several challenges throughout the story.
there are plenty of important activities, such as, spending time with family, enjoying nature, and school work and jobs.
even i will listen to that type of stuff occasionally just so that i can have a cool beat stuck in my head for a while.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
there are so many things that little kids can see.
he also says, over one long, crippling hill.
i do not think that they should be taken off of the shelf because some people find it offensive.
sections help keep books in a library, but keeps them in a place where the right audience can view them
should they be punished for accidentally coming across this material and reading it?
because libraries are places were you go to have a quiet time to read and not to get offended.
people should be happy about the computer invention.
what if i read a book and it talks about my race or religion, would i take it offensive?
you know that you are on addict when you spend more than an hour a day on the computer.
there is never an agreement when two people have a different look on something.
whether its listening to music, playing games, or talking with friends, you will always have fun on the computer.
the computer goes over long distances and connects both computers so you can bend writing almost instantly.
i was standing in the balcony of my house.
the unrated version or the censored version.
first up, books in the library.
he cut and smooths stones with those instruments.
that is what i have too say about that problem.
i loved to listen to music from artists like , , , , , , and so on.
well computers benefit our life.
he first hits a ghost town, which is foreshadowing a dangerous future.
so, if you have a computer then you can look places you want to travel to or look up cool facts about your future sport player.
she will view this magazine as inappropriate.
on his search my younger brother had found himself a sports illustrated magazine.
for example in the article she gets shaky because she cant say home because she misses it too much.
with this new technology, you can earn degrees and learn in a short period of time.
besides everybody likes having fun!
therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting.
if someone to a country that they have they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
she is on a journey, and no one can touch her.
he was smiling and his legs were strong.
it was a very good statement.
however, since the price of computers decreased purchase have stimulating.
the most important, though, is our advances in technology.
the materials in a library are organized by age group and kids usually do not venture out of the area of their interest.
if you have a computer or a laptop and you need to find information on something the internet is there.
i totally agree.
will go down.
finally, computers lack in interacting with friends.
another hard thing to do for me was moving away from my family, but thank to technology and computers i stay in contact with them.
no i do not think that any materials should be removed from libraries.
i think computers definitely have a positive effect on people.
was saying he was getting very exhausted and he needed water to get him feeling refreshed once again.
this stresses how remote the area in which he is biking really is, and shows how it mentally and physically effects his trip.
how do i know all of this you ask?
so the only person at full.
have you ever wondered how a computer can help you in your ever day life.
his father is a doctor.
first off, we can benefit from computers because we can learn new things.
and how long you can have the books for .
the author uses this concluding paragraph to draw the whole story together.
but is there really anything they can do?
someone never give up and do what he wishes to do.
at ore point he almost gives him self up to despair and dies of dehydration.
those are lives that could have been saved; families that could still be together.
the setting were hot and dry.
it does not do well to isolate media without first seeing the good that lies in it and the strong feelings it has to convey.
that could be a hobby for adults that does not have something to do could have a good time.
what if you rented that movie for a party and had guests over?
next, all her thanking shows her being grateful.
businesses thrive in other countries.
so the books and magazines should stay on the shelf.
a computer is a great resource for the public.
its opens up to be beautiful again.
from what i seen in my life about censorship is that they should not take stuff off of the shelf just because of its content.
i think that people need to step away from the computer desk, get good grades, avoid bullying and criminals.
if someone is searching for a book of that kind, they can travel to a sex store somewhere nearby and get their fix of sexual reading pleasure.
a large number of ships that carry containers, cross the seas every day.
they can help with business, interacting with family and friends, and you could even just use for entertainment.
the people that work there could look through it before and make sure its the right type of book they should read.
the sun was beginning to heat down, not i barely noticed it.
what if it messes up their childhood?
recent studies show that the more a person knows about their vacation destination the more enjoyable it is.
if they saw their own work in a library being censored it would be very offensive to them.
the players take part in different games.
on a computer you can find great things about a place and people.
when he pumped the water, no come out.
it is true that many of these movies or the lyrics in the songs could strike someone as offensive.
books that are offensive should not be taken off the shelf all together, but should be put in a section made for adult readers only.
communicating with others has always been a great part of our lives.
you can look up anything you would like to learn about and find exactly what you want.
censorship is based off of offensiveness.
that means that even though someone is not blood related to you can love them just as much as if they were.
several great leaders, such as the first president of the , , decided that freedom of the press was a viable asset to a new and growing country.
computers allow people from around the world to interact with friends and family.
he described this with sentences like rattled around the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain.
dear local newspaper, back a couple decades ago, before computers existed.
there is books that teach you a lot.
if our world was based off of the opinions of others and making everyone happy we would have music.
i like my garden very much.
lastly it gives student a chance to research a topic they are learning about.
there are few moods created.
these are just two questions that can create a high level of conflict and issues among many people.
you could always because it is always better to make new friends.
why is my only question to why the people want to censor material in the libraries.
so take movies for example.
these are the reasons how the computer effects education, your heath, and your time.
on sunday he plays tennis with his friends and also teaches me how to play the game.
were you ever wondering about something and the answer was on the tip of your tongue but you just cant think of it?
the webcam allows me to see me grandma.
but after some time the order becomes a part of our nature.
many people not realize it, but what they read and watch greatly affects them.
your health is also very important.
looking back on it, i am surprised i was allowed to check them out at the library.
last example is if you want to learn about your countries history and the leaders behind it then you would use the computer.
i just think that is not a movie to let kids watch.
the created by the author in this story is a couple different types of moods.
its all about how you look at books, movies, music, etc.
when they just take it off everything will be in grate shape
children go there and pick movies out.
public libraries that are divided to connect with all age groups
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
every sunday my mother cooks a tasty lunch and we all set to eat it together.
a real cyclist can go as long as they want before the stop because they are tired.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
has this changed your mind.
think about it, the music, movie, or book your hiding from them could be the answer to a lot of things.
if you want to talk to your friends, why not call them or more modernly, text them?
books, music, movies and magazines are all offensive in different ways.
the is not always a safe place to be on.
determined, new beginning, symbolism each are reasons why i believe the author concluded the story with this paragraph.
trees are also very necessary for having good rainfall.
but people need to get off the computer and do something like a sport or even a game like.
third reason that it give people the ability to learn.
all the machines that we have to use and had to run by hand now run by computers.
peoples computers get viruses, identities get stolen, and credit card information gets found out.
people use it for research or something in the future.
a world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions, but hundreds of years of war, love, and hate.
kids and grown ups are the same and nobody needs to see a movie if it is really bad.
there are just to many people in this world and i have read articles about libraries.
this is because some students like calm quietness or own house the distractions of sitting in class.
i believe that if you do not like the books then stay away from them.
emailing is quick and easy to tell others what you want to say.
not every child learns the same way, nor are they interested in the same things.
while i was at the library there was a gigantic storm brewing.
in addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have.
the books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday.
each person has had topics that offend them but the libraries can not make all happy.
there are millions of sites containing such content.
computers make this so much easier by letting you connect with them without having to wait for the mail by writing letters.
if the was never invented how would you talk to people from around the world.
should books, music and movies be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
some information should be only seen by adults.
in conclusion experience with computers can benefit any one person and entire society all together.
studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line.
i believe that computers can a very great needed affect on you.
opinions of some books and media type materials are biased.
or when the doctor can successfully say that all of the cancer in your body has gone away?
in addition, computers have a positive impact on families and benefits them greatly.
most of the items in the library are appropriate for children, but some are for adults and teenagers.
dear , minute man, people are complaining.
is very true.
the water, bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips, water is a big importance.
is exactly what the kid would say and show the book to their parent.
some people find things more offensive than others.
the cyclist feels hopeless in the abandoned town.
which could be very bad if you think about it.
items should not be removed from the shelves just because someone takes offense to it.
sohan is my next-door neighbor.
the mood of the memoir is love.
but remember not to stay on too long!
some were enjoying boating.
thus our outlook is widened.
so instead of there being a problem with one person there would a problem with two unsatisfied people.
then when he found the fish camp, he was overjoyed with relief.
for example the narrator exclaims there was no one in sight, not a building, car, structure of any kind.
its their business and they decide what materials stay and which ones go.
this knowledge that you always hide from them be what they need to know later on, and wont know when they need .
but these things can be done by government alone as these require big resources, organization and manpower.
as you can see, computers are very helpful for students, but are they good for teachers too?
when you video chat you can have a conversation with some on class on video!
you can go on the computer and buy a ticket at your convenience.
the computer cant do for you.
i think that she was trying to tell us that some books should not be out on the shelves for children to read.
this is why i take great advantage of typing my paper every chance i get.
students learning how to type, and .
the cyclist in the essay goes through phases that effect him differently according to the setting.
did you know of students use the computer for the games and online talking.
the place was full of small and pretty houses.
the author concludes the last paragraph of the story because she already knew that she should not be afraid of trying a new life or new environment.
do you turn it in?
and, here are reasons why, people are spending less time exercising, people not enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
all because of a movie or book.
i think this is wrong.
they do not have to read these books it does not affect them.
but now you can find anything almost anywhere.
some like to go to movies.
this all brings up one of the worlds greatest questions.
my last reason we get to talk online.
because i think she feels hope and faith.
as a student i know that kids use computers all the time.
get outside have to conversation with a friend and internet with your family.
choose quickly, the fate of our society is in your hands.
hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know.
this last line represents many things.
some people are easily offended and some are not.
first, we did not understand what this woman was talking about until we realized that our friend had been pulling her eyes back.
overall, the hot, desert setting affects the cyclist.
we all have seen a rainbow, one day or the other.
these computers are bad for people.
i think it would be more fair and satisfactory to take a vote on whether or not it is fair to keep or remove it.
everyone has their own personality with likes and dislikes.
every human mind desires the freedom to choose.
they also allow students to complete homework assignments and important projects.
the internet was an amazing idea.
the final express of graciousness in the memoir is his feelings toward the passions his parents taught him.
i think that was completely handled the wrong way.
find and create ways to making money or interesting positive out comes out of using person in this world goes in and thru out tech equip.
we as human beings have the ability to make our own decisions.
but the teens and younger adults like that kind of music and enjoy listening to it.
the book was published so there must have been a good reason behind it.
neither or these weight problems are very good for you, proving my point about the health issues of too much computer time.
it is that some people get very loud when there looking at magazines, or when there music is turned up way to loud.
kids in school use computers in school all the time for projects and experiments and they learn new stuff about people and things in the world.
stay calm.'
well with computers you can do that you can just search the place and see what the place has.
he was crying for help.
the snake blocked the pavement in front of him that looked like diamond back.
i think the description of the setting enhanced the readers perception of the cyclists journey.
this is how the author fells about the memoir.
so and for letting me voice my opinion!
they wont enjoy as much by stay on the internet.
so computers are unhealthy for people to have.
people should have their own choice.
from personal experience, observations, and reading of the issue censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
one of the greatest electronics invented.
these things out there in the world are not for one specific group of people, they are for everyone.
kids should be exercising outside not siting at home on the computer.
next he starts to get low on water, and he becomes more panicked; which in return makes the day seem even hotter.
they are going to be in their house with no light and no computer cause they have on it to much and did not pay attention was happening.
also many people have an email!
in paragraph lines .
on any of those sites you interact with people.
people should have the right to read what they want to.
critics of computers argue that people who use computers do not ever participate in physical activities.
furthermore, computers help people with work and school.
but computer time!
all of the books we found were over how bad the slaves were treated back then.
and now being in middle school we use websites like online for up to date reliable information.
the cyclist felt black humor, despair and then relief due to the features of the setting.
trees reduce pollution and increase rain.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist in the story.
i think that censorship should be allowed in high school.
an example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families different places.
have you ever sat at your computer so long your eyes watered?
with out his life is impossible.
censorship in libraries i believe that there should be censorship in libraries.
the geese come back.
maybe it could turn out in a good way but really what are the chances of that billion to a thousand.
well, if you are, i believe that should not be in front of that computer all day.
the first solution is to have certain offensive material under lock and key from the public.
the heat, terrain, and lack of places to stop combined for an awful ride for the cyclist of this story.
my mom never bothered to answer that question, but if she did she would make up some story.
including the importance of one.
or other stuff but computers have more good stuff about them they bad things so that?
remember when you would get to listen to your favorite bedtime story, ' the '?
i love computers and everybody else should too.
and how important he learned that family and friends are.
i think that computers do benefit us.
the hot desert heat had made water a for like a substance which he could not drink from the well.
it is much easier in remember someone address than it is a phone settle for just talking, when you can actually see the person?
the cyclist learned this the hard way when he ends up lost and almost died of thirst.
theses ratings warn people of the content included, whether graphic or not.
one reason being that the author wanted to really show the meaning of the flower.
he thought how to get rid of these sufferings.
many books have been on the banned book list.
libraries have books that spark interest in a reader.
he was then taken for an examination by the bone-specialist.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in two way.
all of these troubles did affect his trust in old locals though.
after this is done, what have we really accomplished?
then i go to the bathroom.
do you want a world full people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen?
censorship is a big conflict in many libraries.
whether it was getting an answer to a homework question or researching a person for a project, we all use computers.
he started by telling the scenery he lived in during a time of segregation.
instead of removing the books others love to read, what we should do is rate the books like we do movies and music.
i believe this because i too want others to hear and read about my ideas, on how to obtain life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
she shows she is motivated in many ways.
do you ever have a question but nobody has the answer to it?
and because he drinks lots of water he very soon runs out.
he entered the desert happy, hopeful and determined.
everyone has the right to these materials.
() this shows the happy times they had together.
the listeners which are people that would rather have something read to them instead of trying to read it themselves.
you can see the towns and so much more.
on her way home she saw a hibiscus and went to a florist shop to try and buy it.
there has always been a sense of subliminal messaging throughout the development and evolution in the cinematic world of movies.
although children are able to socialize using the computer, they are at danger of being hurt physically and emotionally.
the many features of the setting affected the cyclist in many different ways.
once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop.
for one, information and knowledge are at your fingertips.
i thought of getting down it was then that my eyes fell on a dog.
after school hours, i came home with sorrow and anger.
computers are a common household item these days.
of teenagers say they talk to other peers using , , or .
i hung my head.
children are going on the instead of doing there homework.
my second reason is that advance in tech.
wedding are grand affairs.
children, and adults have very different views on what to read.
first, computers need electricity to run.
my now lucky i to be able to realize how, and the research is because of computers.
will i disagree with what you say.
would have gotten a - for the project.
these are the reasons i chose both and love for the moods created by the author based on the excerpt.
if one removes these from society in any form, then at a raw standpoint, they are removing a piece of flavor and individuality from society.
i think when she failed the test it brought out feelings of how she thinks she is failing to adjust her new home.
this reminds me of the time when a massive earth quake hit and traumatized its citizens.
each section should be written to speak the truth but also in a respectful manner.
we should try and keep our surroundings clean.
however, it captivates my mind beyond other dimensions.
mainly they seem very helpful, but others can have different opinions
but he is fair and loving.
computers are changing the way everyday people live.
it is also joyful to know that most of his family will be coming to live with him.
if someone gets in a fight on the internet that can cause them so much pain to not even talk.
kids and adults alike are not bored.
from ants to its all there.
but censorship wants to take this all away from us in order to please everyone.
think of this, of kids.
more than of are overweight and unhealthy.
many critic and saying not many people interact with family and friends.
i wish this would change sooner or later before the world becomes a big mess.
even though some people disagree computers are the base of technology, safe, and full of knowledge i do.
this lets people explore the world and do anything.
certain literature provides a cornucopia of topics and subjects to be helpful to a processing brain.
all we did was take the pictures, upload them to his laptop, and then we added captions to all of the pictures.
he laughs at the irony.
it all depends on what kind of things are in the books, music, movies, and magazines.
the rough terrain was next causing the cyclist to work even harder to cycle.
with emailing you can send messages to your friends in any part of the world.
all authors have the right to say what they wish but there is a limit to where the books should be placed and who should view them.
everyone has a place were that feel like they belong.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that every time he talks about his new home his mood changes.
if libraries censor their books, then other materials might start vanishing as well.
the holidays are fun.
had they been on a different mountain, there would have been no snow storm and they would be fine.
are some themes which can guide us to a noble path.
parents can not always control what their children do.
but, i still exercise daily.
i also play the game with my friends in the neighborhood.
also, say you want to go far for vacation; like .
less cyberspace bullying, and less burning of electricity.
i think the point can go ether way because she says everyone has the same rights.
computers can give us picture of places, you can watch videos, and even see movies for free!
he is very tall.
along with having to bike up the hills he almost ran into a snake.
dear newspaper, i think computers are a good effect in our lives.
it was also a way to end the story in a good note.
to strip the rights of a person is not acceptable.
for example the text states when they come back, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
out of every people in has some form of online communication program.
i had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do other things.
we have freedom of speech for a reason.
in conclusion i think computers are a great, fun, and helpful invention.
the hibiscus hedge?
being beautiful is not just on the outside.
people benefit from computers by getting everything and anything done from them.
as said by people from the state .
computers help us look up places and things we never seen before and teaches us about them, too.
i support computers, and their advancement.
it is his daily routine.
when it comes to the movies, people have their own different ratings for movies, but the state rates them whenever they come out.
also some books help prepare a person for the outside world.
censorship in libraries has been a major concern in school systems for many years.
for younger children they should not be able to check out a that is more adult.
people just type what they are looking for into the google search box and press enter.
by sending a letter it can take a while.
finally, computers have established amazing entertainment for people of all ages.
computers have two things in one, you learn to type and help your hand eye coordination.
my second reason is that, even though computers are often thought of as destroying , can build social lives.
every human being will have a problem some how and that is just what life is.
my third and final reason about addiction.
people who grow up free to read and watch generally what they wish can turn out differently.
i am a good basketball player and enjoy playing this game very much.
relating to his thirst, before he left he grabbed some pebbles.
dear local newspaper, has come to attention that we are debating on weather or not computers benefit society.
thank you for your time.
we cannot really do anything about this.
this creates hate inside of their hearts, all because censorship was not used.
when he finds that he is out of luck and cannot drink the bitter tasting water, his hope droop a little.
for you to do that would be defeating the purpose of being an for the author of that material.
then we can learn fast without a book.
just because you do not like something does not mean someone else also can not like it.
and physically she will age which will also teach her new things.
kids and adults both go on computers.
the cyclist found a deserted building, he lost more and more hope.
i am a very talk person, but i know how to talk on line if.
however, hes still optimistic, finally it funny that it was once a thriving little spot.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting often affects the character.
i can make a connection because i have both a and that i use to stay in contact with family friends from all over.
the computer provides websites giving information on every time you could think of.
movies can reveal whatever they want.
becoming addicted to the computer leads to serious consequences.
for example, did you know that on average, an adult will make more if they know how to type good, and fast?
my last reason is the .
well the answer is no!
same with music, movies, and magazines.
primarily why she said that was she was saying with time come s cause.
i thought to my self that they want to hear that from me.
many experts agree that computers are the learning cause of obesity.
he setting made the cyclist feel lonely.
have you ever set somebody a letter by mail and had to wait two to three days for a reply?
you want to wast a nice sunny day by staying in doors hurting your eyes?
as i think about my experience in third grade, i wish i had never seen that book.
people who spend a lot of time on computers are lacking important things.
being trapped inside the house to be on your computer is a terrible thing to do.
when it comes to the decision of certain materials being allowed in the library, there are many different aspects that must be considered.
so the way i see it everyone should be entitled on what books they can choose.
there are some material out there that no one wants a little kid to get a hold of.
people heard it, and like followers, they started taunting me, too.
we should always ask our parents before we decide on something.
the hibiscus would be in bloom again too to provide her with hope.
most likely there were directing the story towards you so why get all worked up over something that has happen to you and take it out on the media?
finally, i have explained to you why having a computer is a good thing.
they are categorized just as much as books and music.
for example if you are in school and you are deciding what college that you should go try the a great place that you can go to get information.
the day that the cyclist was riding was very hot and he was riding through the desert, made it worse.
now i know what your thinking what of we need to print something.
that will be all
you can also learn how to type, when you know how to type you can type faster and faster.
you can email or chat to your friends online and see what pages to read and get there phone numbers back.
i think computers are a great of technology because of the information they can provide.
poetry for example gives the reader a feeling of what the writer was feeling when it was produced.
dear local , i think that computers are good for people to have.
it was sad, but we promised to stay in touch.
nothing good comes from making people feel bad.
it the author meant to write the book that way then the writing should stay that exact way.
it really makes one look back, and see how much their parents have done for them.
would you like to be on the computer and throw away your life.
voice were raised.
dear , the issue before us is that people are addicted to computer.
also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time.
there are many movies, songs and books in the world that are good.
we also eat cereals in the form of popcorn.
soon he was carried away in a car.
they should be in the other room to where you have to have like a id to get in.
doing when was easy you will also get a better grade.
i often feel this way when jogging for extended periods of time.
it is their freedom to do whatever they want.
while these examples seem relatively innocent, there are many cases where they can be found very offensive.
i noticed the terrain changing, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
i truly feel bad for that person, then again it could be fixed.
they provide us wood for fuel.
you can , you can go on chat rooms.
it still exists.
at night, when i return to bed , i really repent for having been born eldest.
with a computer you can just go into your office and do re search, that saves money or gas.
in the parents thoughts, uncensored content should be kept away from children.
but in other cases like be unite with family can be very helpful.
censorship is not entirely necessary because people will always find something that they are not exactly looking for or interested in.
there are many of them books also.
they miss spending time with you.
the next obstacles on his journey was rough terrain.
being organized is very important it helps you keep a job or having everything on hand.
but i am here to argue the .
dear newspaper i think that computers have a positive effect on people, here are my reasons.
but this offensive material happens in everyday life throughout the world.
a rich man without good health can not enjoy a good sleep.
i think we should not get rid of any books that are in the library.
he lives in a small cottage near the market.
if you like sports you can look on the internet and find pages about different sports.
computers put a positive effect of people.
for example in paragraph he says things began well enough.
so, if every author wants to express something through their writing, then why should we not let them be heard.
seeing naked bodies would be considered setting a bad example.
i think the author concludes the story winter hibiscus with this paragraph for these reasons.
the author had very incredible parents that he is very grateful for.
the author in the memoir tried to create a specific mood.
this is one reason the computer is a good source.
it was a beautiful place.
you could just open up your laptop and look it up on the internet.
you be thinking at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socializing.
if there is going to be offensive material in a library then you should be a certain age to rent or read .
we all should have the success for doing something for other people, and if not that then for ourselves.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist by him going through obstacles to get to town.
first, children watch movies and they see to people kissing and one thing leads to another.
my ideas to me are good ideas and i feel like we can put libraries into good use around this county and
we live in a world where people are influenced by the things they read, watch, and listen to.
we as have the right to speak our voice, from two different perspectives.
another reason is that it helps people learn about different cultures, religions, or traditions.
there are kinds of distraction, and these are only a few.
so why would we want to take them away?
it, in my opinion and experience, corrupts both the mind and soul, and causes man to be things he is not by nature.
this vow at the end of the story shows her willing up to be strong and come through in the end.
get into a fun conversation or debate.
maybe the family can' afford to buy a pass to the public library.
the more you chat on chat room to strangers, the less you will talk to your family.
finally the author gives us a sense of culture.
life would be good.
life is built on hopes and aspirations.
this is hinting at the fact that maybe this town he is going to be abandoned or not used.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
but if the reader is not reading for interest, then there is a problem there.
i should be free to go to the movie store and find and rent any movie a choose from the shelf.
if computer are such a helpful source to society, why would people consider them as a concern?
through the around change need keep one thing the same no matter how difficult it is .
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in so many ways.
i do not think that things should be taken out of our library.
there is always something wrong with something.
and i say that to an extent.
we can not try to please everyone, but it will never happen.
many people play these because; people can friends.
also a computer can help unemployed people find a job.
computers do have effect on people.
i believe that things that are brought to the world for entertainment should also be able to get out of the world if people are offended by it.
instead kids are sitting in front of computer screens on their virtual games and emails and such.
an article said, too much computer using.
with computers you can see the , the tropical reef fish or the at the.
i do believe libraries need to have some sort of censorship on not only their shelves but computers and movies as well.
throughout the world, there are thousands of people with various opinions.
furthermore, you should have your time for on the computer and exercising.
the same goes for , one learns about how to live a healthy life and this requires students to learn about the human body such as the reproductive systems.
two, is over a million of us people out and we all are not a like in many ways.
he gets everything without doing anything.
because they spend to much time on computers and less time exercising.
these books can cause children to use it in action, to show it off to other peers, and to hurt them as well.
another reason i have would be freedom of speech.
they say the things they do for a reason and they work hard to create the things they do.
so many people rely on technology to get through there life.
so i hope you enjoyed reading essay.
like an online school book, it can get information on just about anything.
no i do not.
the books were block because they had witchcraft and they were scared that people were going to start trying to do it.
that hurts your health and your relationship with your friend.
libraries, they are everywhere and all together they contain millions of books that influence everyone who reads them.
the theme of the story is that you can get used to a new environment by finding beauty in it and similarities to your old home.
there are book if you need information.
that choice to look at that magazine, read that book, or listen to that song should be left up to them, not made for them.
there fun to have because you could play many games on your free time with them too.
some people are so obsessed, they might even break down and have a fit!
he is dejected and almost ready to admit defeat.
it all depends on the persons own interests and choices.
people can do what they think is the right thing to do.
you have children you can lose the ability to watch them grow up to adults and can even push them away.
some features of the setting that affected the cyclist were the road conditions and road changes with the hills.
then what if they want to keep listening to it?
now many of the following generations will never get to read that classic because people took it out of libraries.
in some cases morality might not be the issue at all.
they are a huge step forward for mankind and only benefit our lives.
people can now do things that we could never do before.
most people like stuff that is interesting to them and some like other things.
finally, i think that censoring what is put on the shelves would be a mistake.
furthermore, there are too many advertisements on tv.
they allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant.
we could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold.
that is what has come down to computers.
for example, what if you came from another country.
imagine a library without any materials that are considered offensive.
as soon as a train arrives, they rush towards it.
it gives them a bad name.
but, worst of all he has to travel a lot of mile on a bike through extreme temperatures.
i am ready to study and work hard to fulfill my dream of flying high among the stars.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
so you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires.
so has been around for a long time and still is being used everyday and always will be.
also, the memory card which allows us to save data on a computer and take it to school or work.
the internet gives information on anything possible.
the first place he arrived at was a ghost town then he reach a water pump about twenty miles up the road.
the library might loss its people if they take a book out for the wrong reason.
is this good for our country?
they help us contact distant family members.
well i think so!
all the facts of life and the world are put into it.
each computer bought has given someone else a new expense.
we need computers.
if it is offensive to everyone then it should be off the shelf.
finding the plant helped her, because it was already familiar to her.
when i get home, i start using the online text book for my math class.
a teen could easily get a book and not be paying attention and see stuff about the other gender.
i was very happy to see them.
if they were a true friend then they would understand and perhaps make it up to you with something else.
you should not care just for you or do what ever is right for you.
people should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to look up information and learn about new places.
that way the people who like that kind of stuff can still get to it but the children can not.
when your in school, you need to type lots of prompts, labs, and vocab.
and even help you with your job.
the for example is just a book full of short stories that ties together.
i think that she is comparing herself to the snow, the snow the geese, and the hibiscus.
also, just communicating with friends!
the brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
he states the sun was beginning to beat down, , the sun was a big factor on the affect on the cyclist.
do you want this to happen to you?
when i was small, a mere fight years old, i remember typing.
i rather their parents talk to them about that and stop hiding things from them.
sometimes authors go into extensive detail to get their point across or have a book with very mature content in them.
there are people that debate whether or not some books are too offensive to be put up on library shelves.
when the ears of rice are ripe they turn golden.
prince siddhartha was the heir to the throne after kind suddhodana’s death.
my mother has to yell at me to have my lunch.
of schools around the country benefit from having school computers for research.
also, if you have family that lives far away or someone in college you can send them an email to keep in touch.
computers are positive for many reasons.
we can inhale fresh air if we have more trees on this earth.
think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work.
well i think they have a positive effect on people.
but if someone has to write a report on , it would be best to have as much information on him as possible.
everyone should not live offended by anything or anyone.
the cyclist is confident with himself at the beginning but after a few moments he feels really bad, and learns a really good lesson.
you can also understand about what happens when you say bad things out of the offensive books.
it should not happen, any book, movie, magazine, should be available to who wants it
i think that this is a good way to socialize due to the many options.
this affects the author because you have to conserve the water that you have to be able to make it to the park.
students have the right to choose what books they read, as well as the ability to know what they should read.
that if you want something off the shelf, think about the other people that actually want to use rather than thinking about just you.
i stated my reasons why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
the sun was beginning to beat down.
i am also sure that over time we will find a old copy of a book on a website.
dear local newspaper, i feel that computers are very beneficial to our society.
also, technology is rapidly advancing, and sometime in the future, i think libraries will become extinct.
if a certain topic is banned for being discovered as a offensive topic then this will result in the thought being banned.
this is shown in two ways: the selflessness of the parents and the true meaning of family.
these materials should include information on any topic the library can get in their possession.
there hurting your vision, limiting your outdoor activity time and making it harder to talk to people in person.
that means you could use it for your home work if you need help.
the entire library is split up into different sections.
as you can see this was a difficult journey for the reader and the affected the cyclist.
the cyclist runs into some pretty tough challenges.
you can lose your real friends.
there should not be censorship on books in schools.
these are my reasons that computers are good.
throughout these next paragraphs i will be giving you all of my reasons on the things that computers help people do.
another reason computers can be useful is because they help people keep in touch with modern life.
others find the book, movie, or magazine to be great and very informative or interesting.
secondly, the cyclist believed that the old men had given him a safe path to follow but instead he came across a ridiculously large snake.
i believe these are good altercations to prevent this from happening if only we take the steps to accomplish them
the mood created by the author is a happy mood.
i consider it a sin to waste money on personal pleasures.
just imagine watching and seeing someone talk about everything you believe in and joking around about it.
people who stay on computers day waste precious time could be spent with family, exercising, or finding a true love.
they are more likely to remember better than those who do not read and also have a bigger vocabulary.
milk is palatable food for the sick and the invalids as well.
not only that but, u can also learn more about technology.
also, where he live helps the mood.
as she was checking him out she was making small talk and asked, ' did you like your book, ?'
have you used your today?
by downloading from the internet like lime wire.
although, some people think computers take up too much of our time and that it prevents society from interacting with friends and family.
what is considered a valid subject for a high school research paper include information that is not suitable for all groups of people.
some people say that you can learn about animals and plants on a computer, but there is nothing like really being outside with them.
therefore kids will get into trouble for a stupid thing.
with websites such as and , people can keep in touch.
this causes more trees to be knocked down and cut for paper.
what the biker should have done was look for someone to ask and make sure the route would work.
call me crazy, but this way seems quicker more efficient and reliable.
dear officials at the , have you ever been so bored that you spent the whole day on the computer talking to friends and relatives?
wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke on a gorgeous day.
taking away something that can contribute to the every day art of life would slowly create a less creative, inventive, and inspired world.
they are very helpful in many ways.
many people say that computers can have a bad effect on people.
something a child sees is more commonly and easily remembered for a longer time than if an adult would see that.
well get up and go outside.
so this is one reason that i think a computer is good for.
there are many different types of books.
finally, you can look up the latest news and information on a search program, like .
this is terrible because kids never get to spend time with family and do not show appreciation for their parents do for them.
he was already very fatigued but had to overcome hills.
listen to what ever music, read what ever books or magazines that you want.
censorship is a terrible thing for libraries.
or a movie or music that you see and the content from them shocks you and makes you that they bleep those word.
finally, he reaches a bait shop with cool water ,and he is relieved.
the setting in this story is very hard for the cyclist.
there a lot to say about the music out there.
so many media sources today are censored that it is essential to keep a place where people can freely obtain material and express opinions.
they could try suicide.
dear, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i read book almost on all subjects.
but they go to the and for the thing they have to away.
now is the time to get up from your computer.
this shows why computers are bad.
they all most create their own company.
materials that are found offensive should not be taken off the shelve.
dear , minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world hop onto their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing?
in fact hardly any will.
they were arguing about something.
in the beginning of the essay the cyclist is very confident.
people go to a to learn and there are so many tools that can be used to teach them.
since he cant find water, he has to conserve what he has.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he cant go any farther because of the hills, and the snake.
computers have had a negative impact on society.
instead of censoring items, there is another solution.
one have to take a plane or pay to take with relatives.
so, i hope that while you read through this letter, you take some of this information into consideration.
computers are fun, education and a communication wonder.
for example, movies have ratings for different age groups, and books could do the same.
as a child grows, he will learn more about the materials that were censored.
big public awareness programs should be organized to teach the public about the value of water.
some were discussing the law and order problem, while others were discussing the rising prices.
teachers in schools do their best to make sure the material that children and young adults read and see in school is appropriate for their certain age group.
man has always been interested in technology.
one way setting affects cyclist is when it is hot, it is harder to cycle long distances.
he wears a white uniform to school.
the offended groups should just ignore the book.
another reason why computers are good because it can bring the world together.
this tells the people had to stay strong through hard times.
milk is an important part of our daily diet.
think strongly on the things you do and the way you approach things to get peoples attention.
it was this melting pot of people and his parents hard work that shaped who he is today.
this time could be used by doing more important things such as being with friends and family, being outside with nature or exercising.
children now in this day and age hear more vulgar words in school then they do in movies and television.
the first time she said that to me i went to the computer to see how other people were having to me.
the temperature in the area affect the way he drinks his water which leads him to thinking he is going to die because he is running out of water.
they remind the cyclist he is completely alone in a vast stretch of sand and rocks.
most songs out are highly offensive and should be in a different section.
or talking with someone and you wonder what something is or means.
when the hibiscus buds again it will by symbolic to her and that is when she will be ready to try once again.
or maybe you have a history report due the next day, and your parents can' drive you to the library?
then the main level or area should be teen books.
another reason why is that you get to meet people.
one could not go to a library and get different points of views on every subject.
the author of the of and the of .
what people do is go to all of them look at things or buy something.
their is one more thing that i think is very important, which is magazines.
on computers, you can find out information from news that week of or even the day of.
the hot, dry, and baron setting affect the cyclist greatly.
the features of the setting in this story make the ride more difficult for the cyclist.
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity & friendship.
especially when you get older and have children.
if it is possible to have two moods, then this memoir does.
everyone enjoys having a computer.
she concluded it this way because the main character of the story was beginning to lose hope.
this websites help take your mind off a bad day.
the things that people will read in books or magazines and see in movies is nothing compared to what they will see in the real world.
you can just chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes.
is very cruel to animals.
in conclusion, computers help our society in a lot of ways.
what would appeal to one man might be the subject of ridicule to another.
all of these types belonging to a certain decade.
the computer was the only things that mattered.
after a while he started to come outside a lot mostly every day when it was nice.
lastly, there are many students and teachers who teach and learn online.
not every person in this world has the same opinion.
it wrong to talk about them that way because it get teens to think it okay for them to do it and nothing bad is going to happen.
but most importantly computers are fun!
my first reason has to do with the knowledge that the computer possesses.
i have encountered problems between people that do not agree on throwing out or keeping it.
it makes me happy and proud to think that my family plays a huge part in who i am.
then you buy it or sell it.
well thank you for reading my opinions about computers.
you are so excited until you realize you know nothing about .
but she failed setting if there on time.
so the computer is necessary for to function as well.
this would help the parents that go with their kids keep them in the right spot.
this egg later develops into a small creature like a worm with legs.
no matter where the plant is being grown, it will always keep those traits.
also could not think for themselves because the censored everything you could think of.
it help you find in the computer about people.
along with sending a letter is the risks that it will not get there.
in conclusion compare use be encouraged.
otherwise there is bound to be confusion.
items in the library are items that you can choose to check out or choose to not check out.
studies performed by the know that of child who play computer generated games are overweight.
you can also meet new people from different countries and become their.
censorship in libraries is kind of a big deal in schools.
what would you do without them?
more and more use computers to get the information they need, which could, in the long run, be hurting them.
next thing you know there will be a replaced word for slavery.
books that are censored are usually the books that help ones imagination.
a recent study done at showed that of kids older than already know how to type on a keyboard.
everything from music on the radio to military files are censored.
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
computers open doors in the world.
after that website you could go out and get the you will need.
these settings discourage him, although he tries to keep hope.
computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet.
those are the reasons i believe the author concludes the story with that paragraph
in any case, a more effective solution must exist today.
why is it so fun to just look at the computer screen?
my last example is that doctors sometimes say its not good for you to stay on the the computer.
censorship in the , what is offensive to some not be to others.
thank you and have a nice day.
go on the computer the maps are always updated and you can get easy and fast directions!
he learned with his family how to love others and how to respect.
if we could, when people are checking out these books, movie, magazines, etc.
studying, school work, and jobs are also important things people should be doing instead of being on the computer so much.
if a person wants to check out a book or movie that some people think is offensive, so be it.
the simple answer to this highly disputed question is no.
this is why it should stop because it damage peoples minds.
it also says how the smell of the food would fill the house.
the feeling of being passed by the cars makes him determined to continue and finish his journey.
some parents are less active with their kids.
dear , computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people.
my first reason to this situation is people will spend less time exercising which can lead to drowsiness or laziness if you stop exercising.
many believe that the computer takes away time to enjoy nature, but i believe that enhances .
he also talked about his loving neighborhood, and not blood related families.
libraries need money so that they can buy new materials and without customers they have no money which enables them unable to buy new materials.
the reason for this is that this technology takes learning to places it has never gone before.
even education is being influenced by people saying that students can not be taught certain realms of knowledge, but in the long run does this really help people?
however, the affect later came negative because it turned out to be a shortcut that never existed.
does the society really want to take away knowledge of whats going on around us and our history?
you can learn about faraway places.
means that if everyone took out books that they felt were personally offensive then there would be no books.
i will admit i too use my computer quite a bit but at least i budget my time so i can also go outside and play a while.
information is open to those that search for it, and the knowledge it brings prevents unwanted results.
to conclude there is very little reason to ban a book from the shelves.
mahatma gandhi is my favorite leader.
some people do not have the money to buy books, or internet, so these people rely on public libraries.
do you know what happened?
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
instantly when opening the door i hear to people having a heated conversation about the painting they had hanging on the back wall, in the adult section.
computer say there are available flights to your destination and how much.
one reason is that books, music, etc.
also, when you try to multitask with the internet.
no one can agree on what will have a negative impact on children, making it impossible to establish a standard of what is best left off the shelf.
i am sure this boy doesn’t like to get hit by things thrown
this can lead to ruined relationships, loss of friends and the chance of losing your love with family.
dear, town.
come on in to the wonderful world of computers.
this shows that even though someone write or speak out against the majority opinion, they can say whatever they want without being punished for it.
then she thinks it might feel more like this place is becoming a home.
you stay in touch, while enjoying their company.
i think computers have a very positive effect on people.
did you know that of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family.
people can use , , and etc.
this memoir is representing good moods and happiness.
you would halfway have to wait for a mechanic or run for miles to get to a phone.
if you do not like people jump out of strange places and scare the crap out of you, then you are not going to watch '.'
many children are growing up without mom or dad.
but that it is why these books are created for older people to read.
the average spends hours on the computer everyday.
computers also help with making graphs and data tables for science lab reports.
it shows a sense of determination.
should books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
if we are to live in a country, where a man has the rights he should have, then we cannot censor library books.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the water replenished the cyclist allowing him to regain some of his strength.
if you are working on a project that requires pictures, can have the photos you need.
one main thing that people of modern day technology usually do is talk to faraway friends and family on spare time.
but, a computer can also be used for learning.
the more that becomes unknown, the more we have to fear.
lastly, computer make things easier and have images on .
we should also pray to god for a good day.
they are chalk full of answer and ideas that can help you.
the computer so with out computers you would have to travel in a car waste money and the air with your car.
the first and most dominant mood is a sense of family or friendship.
most of these dogs are high in their pedigree.
secondly, there are many coll websites you can join.
also, i can see why they would want to take that stuff off the shelves.
some of there reasons are because parents could have young children and they do not want to expose them to such things while they are young and vulnerable.
but it is not the best idea to use censorship in libraries.
in the center, there is a carpet.
the author shows sacrifice by showing what the parents had to give up in order for their child to have a better life.
from our libraries due to many reasons.
when they came they had to live in a one bedroom apt.
since his parents did this for him he has even become a clothing designer.
i know that it would make me feel like i did something wrong.
most of all because the hibiscus blooming represents hope - the plant will survive through the winter months and will grow again and become strong.
she was still going to take it again, she might get good luck from the hibiscus.
by now you that i would like to.
the author also describes the selflessness of many immigrants including her parents.
many people have different views on censorship.
hearing her daughter tell her how much it is.
kids are kids.
the peacock can spread the tail like a huge fan.
can you spend countless hours on a computer?
that they should just focus on their lives and not worry about everything they hear in the news.
computers are necessary for reasons.
although communication is important for everyone, instead of talking on the computer, people should make plans with their family and friends.
i believe the mood of the memoir is happy and enlightening.
a friend like that is helpful.
our school gate and the road had ankle deep water.
have we come to?
it was extremely not out in the setting he was in.
especially the juice factory as the author is currently very dehydrated and losing all hope.
last, you can shop on the computer.
he is a very hardworking man.
this helps the children stay there and not wonder off into one of the adult or teen sections.
please take my letter into account, and publish it in your editorial.
i also think this will help the problem because it will also allow you to get better grades.
there are many books to choose from, but you need to be careful while browsing.
it is much better to interact with people in person, face to face.
it is a way of learning and researching and it would be almost impossible to censor everything there.
lastly, the mood is loving because in his home, his parents welcomed anyone who needed help.
studies have shown that of people that use computers have an increased hand eye when doing activities like sports or games.
other books like horror books are for entertainment purposes, so what is wrong with someone reading a book on a murder if its just for entertainment?
if he were in a different setting like by a river or spring he would just stop and drink from that.
if i could, there would be things i would censor, but not in books.
so if not all the books are gone there is still going to be a few books to chose from.
we must always cooperate with him in maintaining law and order.
that is the primary reason why i believe there should not be any censorship
the heat had affected him greatly as well.
you will see a small rainbow before you.
we make our students come involved in technology.
people have the right to read anything and to see anything they want, and if they disagree well they should just deal with it.
and it is wrong and inhuman
final grade i did not type it, on a computer.
they do not publish their work to offend people , they do it for themselves and for other people to enjoy it.
if books are removed from the shelves due to censorship, than what is the point of writing or even reading books?
dear local newspaper, you have a computer at home you enjoy?
i do not believe that anything bad or offensive should be shown to any little kids.
you see alcohol everywhere and kids are doing it at a young age because movies, music, books, etc.
it all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are.
dear local newspaper, is my belief that people are spending too much time on computers.
love is the mood for many reasons.
if that book like that was censored, it would be like saying some people are better than others.
but i started using my book and started to some of the work on the computer.
depriving them of actual history?
determined, new beginning, symbolism each are reasons why i think the author concluded the story with this paragraph.
now that you have read my reasons, i hope you like them.
we must show people just how bad the computer really is.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful.
that is why i think that computers help develop a smarter brain.
during peak hours there is a huge rush at the bus stops.
first, people can learn about what is going on around the world.
my first reason is when people get on the computer they find websites that others use.
most people use computers effectively.
this is there because going to the library means you have to round up the kids get in the cor and go.
also trees that gives us oxygen too.
as the cyclist gets further and further, he has more doubt.
an example of this is when she says the birds eased into the hibiscus.
nobody wants to look at something that offends them.
you can see the foreshadowing.
talk to friends.
the solution is for the child to look at magazines, , or magazines.
also people play to many video games on the computer too.
in conclusion, computers have a strong effect on people today.
so with that being said, the changing or starting over could represent his chance to take test can start over, and he will get another chance.
nobody needs to be reading those kind of books, it is bad for our minds and is very offensive to some people.
secondly, computers make it very easy to communicate with others.
so is going on the computer really so bad?
i think there will be something done, but it will take time
in the , the , and the , we are given certain .
we should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own.
sexual activity should not be exposed to children until it is time for them to start learning about it.
then everyone will know the answer.
see, just recently a girl in went over her friends' home to do their homework together.
if offensive books are taken down where else will they go, they are still going to be offensive somewhere else.
religion is one thing that history books can really raise offense to people because it could have some of the facts wrong about that type of religion.
parents are guardians for a reason; they need to monitor their child and care for him or her.
who is to choose if the books were offensive anyhow?
students be dancing to their favorite song.
our bodies need this , .
this means the cyclist was short on water and needed to find a town soon.
just pick a book that has a theme you like.
is high deserts.
from personal experience, censorship in the library has cost me precious time, and has stolen from me parts of my life.
there are no bad reason that could top any of these.
i know this because in paragraph it says that his houses were he learned the real definition of family.
censorship was created to protect people from things that they feel to be wrong.
there is also website like face book that let you talk to your friends websites like that connect people.
also you can get very fat.
dear , people have computers, and people use them.
computers have played a vital role in creating our economy.
stamps collecting is still one of the world’s most popular indoor hobbies.
this place is wack.
a country cannot be by the sick, useless, and isolated.
you could use and keep everything you need to know in a nice and fashion.
the mood in this memoir is inspiring to the narrator.
its the readers right to choose weather or not to read the material.
as you can see, on even a less global level of use, the computer still proves to have a positive effect on its users.
next, computers allow you to get research done quicker.
a different parent might come in and think that the book will be great for their child though.
also, certain materials that some people find offensive have little to no offensiveness to many other people who enjoy the book or movie.
the library should allow people who use the library to take away things that are offensive to its customers.
also it allows people to talk online from far away places.
in the days before computers we were isolated in our immediate area.
i have read that libraries with bad material are much less likely to attract customers than libraries with censorship.
however, he soon found a bait house where he could get water and escape the heat.
i can bet the number is going to be about of the time you are in you office.
the terrain begins to feel like more of a hill, which makes the struggle even worse.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
my next reason is that when you stay on too long you miss out on stuff like being with family.
on the internet the family could find the numbers, the and some information about it.
without computers students would have it a lot worse.
books, movies, music, and magazines are very big parts of peoples lives and removing these things can be a big part of someones development.
a planet means a wanderer.
imagine you, writing out hundreds of those newspaper everyday.
also, some things could be offensive to some people that could be critical to research for others.
is an example of keeping in town with someone else.
he discovered the law of gravitation.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
he also mentions how grateful he was to have a caring and loving family to be brought up in.
the author did not put any negative information in the memoir and only put a positive feeling.
in my opinion, some materials are not too low in rating, and should not be for people under age.
magazines could just be in a library for people to read and relax, and learn something new in the world.
thinking of home and her grandmother upsets her.
you can go on the computer and look up the place and see what it is about and also see what other people said about.
they were just writing a book.
oh i know, i know, all of family and friend time was wasted into being on the computer.
you would probably get multiple answers to that question.
not only does it entertain, but also there is so much vocab you pick up on from these books.
many people could take music in the wrong way.
they have no need for things that are offensive, because rarely something that is offensive, provides information.
dear , i heard that you wanted some opinions on whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
some you could save important from your past.
quickly became addicted to (computer game) and began to cut down on her exercising routines.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
no, it should not be removed.
so when the author uses that quote, they end the story that way to show that she will have enough courage to try again when the flower blooms.
secondly, computers should be part of homes because they allow people to communicate with others world.
in conclusion water and no direction was the cyclist problem in the story
she knew that if the hibiscus could survive the winter, she could survive living somewhere new.
hundreds of thousands of people play online games everyday!
he could just on the computer and play a game of soccer even though he has a broken leg.
library : or bad?
dear , some people say that computers are fun, smart, and do no harm.
many people say that computers are useful.
while people are using the computer for random activities, they are not having any physical activity.
to become a meson is not to easy.
the boas and pythons are the largest of them.
this made my mood become happy.
just going out far which or even going on a run can give you time with your loved ones.
he saw a building coming up, but it was just an old wore down factory.
sometimes kids forget their text books at school.
you can also find directions to places, sports stats and about different places.
dear local newspaper, name is in the grade in in .
he had to stick pebbles in his mouth because he heard that they take away your dehydration.
she decided to retake the test.
many people around the world use computers to communicate.
soon i was one of them.
farmers became slaves became very rich and i kid even grad collage at age .
many teachers direct their students online learning purposes.
i feel that too many people are becoming addicted to computers.
computers can help you so much if you need an answer.
censorship at the library is not needed at all times.
instead of keeping your eyes glued to the computer on a nice, sunny joy, go for a walk in the woods.
i hope that you agree with my reasons so we can find a way to get everyone their computers and get active.
people should be able to read what they want to read when and where they want to read it.
they need to get involved and stay out of these bad things; seeing bad picture, hearing bad words, and watching horrible things in movies.
wasting minutes is wasting money.
you can google anything you want from when the ended to when the collapsed in .
not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed.
he sweat to much to the point that he lost an enormous amount of bodily fluids.
computers have helped the modern world with questions, long distance friends, and entertainment.
sometimes people who we love have to move far away from us.
a cyclist is someone who tried their bike mostly all the time to get somewhere.
libraries should have major restrictions on what gets checked out by who.
every mind is special and different and will never share identical thoughts as his neighbor.
the ones that you love to watch, listen to, or read a million times over.
other than that section their should not be any offensive or vulgar materials that children or even early teenagers should be able to see.
she looked up a recipe on the web and everyone was satisfied with the scrumptious ravioli she made.
it can be fun chatting, educational or hard working.
in the , modern day , did just that.
like who won the election, or who won the sports championship.
did you know that more and more people these days are depending on computers for their safety, natural education, and their social life?
i think that there are some people out there, for example myself, who like to watch movies and read books about slavery, the holocaust, etc.
if i was on the computers all the i would be able to enjoy.
this is how kids are helped out by computers.
computers can even help get online, tutoring, so you can exercise your brain there also.
when people are on the computer they are not on for very long.
but with the help people are lively and happy including with friend!
if libraries censored books better, then children and teens not be reading things not age appropriate to them.
if one mother thinks a book that talks about something she believes to be inappropriate to her children should be removed, another mother not.
involves you playing games that help you , and tests when you are ready to take them.
just because you have the option of checking out something you do not think is appropriate or is offensive, does not mean you have to check it out.
this way no one will know that they read it.
the heat had made it only a trip for his inner soul to survive.
increase tolerance people are.
the rule should apply for magazines, music, and movies.
well, this is one of the many effects the members of a family get together which could weaken them as a family.
if a student prepares well, he gets good marks.
movies that can show these things but also teach how incredibly horrible these things are at the same time.
i had been there a lot that and i was pretty familiar with their selection so i was looking for something new.
he went through dead towns in his search for water and found an old well pump with extremely hot water, that tasted like battery acid.
he is getting worried because there is no one around and his directions are starting to sound wrong.
although after approaching the old factory, he came across a bait shop where his hope and energy was founded.
in conclusion, you could see that computers benefit us in many ways.
or might get yourself killed.
let the libraries be!
also, people can use computers to talk to people living close or far away from you.
computers allow you to go on game sites, watch videos or movies or play on online game on just a regular game.
but you have no right to remove a book from a shelf that does not belong to you.
in the essay the narrator is talking about what the old guys had told him.
i think that a library should be a nice quiet welcoming.
for example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer.
also i have encountered offensive behavior while reading a book that was said to be a wonderful book even for someone under the age of twelve.
out of use the computer daily.
my mother says she is soon going to lay eggs.
it can cause health problems and even problems in general.
because he is in the desert on a long bike ride, he is dehydrated.
that is why there should be censorship of certain materials, to a certain degree.
the old people made him go through the rocky way.
you can even go to school online, but as i was saying you can learn about anything.
you can use the computer for playing games that are related to school.
web chatting is a way to video people.
the hibiscus seems out of place and is determined to survive when the snow melts.
people should give every type of music at least a try and not always doubt what they hear about what people say about that type of music.
but for them there is no learning, just accepting.
when one book is taken down it only brings other ones into question.
to begin, the obesity rate in is growing rapidly, a recent study done by the .
it would take you twice the time to do that by hand then with a computer.
finally, reached another destination and again finding herself asking another older man for directions!
simple as that.
it makes fun of people who are unique in their own way.
in , censorship in libraries should be able to post or shelve anything they want.
books are cultural objects and our minds are molded by the books we read.
so i do not believe that there should be any censorship in libraries at all.
the author concludes with this paragraph to show her determination.
computers keep children inside all day.
there was a large snack in the middle of the road, as the tumble weed blew by.
what things are found in libraries?
in the memoir, the author creates a mood of love and community.
what appear to be justified in their minds, due to their beliefs, might cause an uproar from others.
for as long as people can remember books have been banned for various reasons.
i own a very good map, and id always stick to it in the future.
though that most libraries split a lot of there sections up by ages.
computers really help the elderly out a lot.
he opens the rooms.
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
sometimes a history book could be considered offensive so we censor and then we ' learn about the mistakes of our past and repeat them.
such as exercising, enjoying the beauty of nature, and most importantly interacting with family and friends.
should you conceal a child from the inappropriate half of the world?
is very difficult for some kinds.
students do research in libraries for research projects and essays.
censorship in libraries?
people should be aware of some of the content in books.
taking the media from its citizens, such as books, movies, and music, is unconstitutional.
hello, i decided to write in to the paper on the topic of computers, and how they benefit society.
they can also read classics by great authors.
it opened my eyes to see how great it is to reacts your own goals.
the cyclist might pass out or suffer a heat stroke.
and then it talks about his gratefulness, to truly show the contrast between sacrifice and the state of being grateful.
personal opinions are a part of books, and we should respect that.
pick wrong from right, all up to you.
this is not a hard decision to make.
eighty seven percent the internet.
this effect is positive because it helps everyone stay in touch.
this is very helpful to somebody who is injured or is trying to get another degree to get a better job.
this is why there needs to be an age limit on this type of media.
but i saw in the afternoon that only my father was coming jump to home.
the book did not have any benefit to , but because of that book, i received an 'a' on the research paper.
so in ones opinion about computers and what they do that can benefit the society that we live in and also benefit mankind as well.
what could be better?
she actually recorded it and passed it out at school.
the calls of the snow geese were almost familiar to her.
on the other hand, they have no right to tell their neighbors what and what not their children can see.
books, music, movies, magazines, and more are a good way to learn.
there will always be rude things that have been said, but we should be exposed to them so we can learn from it.
any item you read or listen to will have a word, sentence, or meaning that will offend a person in some way.
but the biggest hindrance was along his setting.
you even decide to cut the sports from your life.
there would be no more libraries if people really wanted to start taking books off the shelf for being offensive.
every years my dad takes me to the track in and times me for and yard dash, the meter, and the mile.
but the hot day and all the sweat made the author feel weak.
that is not what the world should become but that is what is society is creating.
everyone has access to the library in your district and can look at anything that is there.
out of gas and you need to go to the library before it closes.
and there is an application that lets you paint pictures or draw pictures.
any question you can be asked on the internet and you will get an answer.
this affected him because he had to work harder and had less water to pick him up.
i do agree this is the case in some ways.
because it means so much to us!
the last paragraph of the story displays the theme of determination.
, computers are very helpful devices.
do you see the difference?
thus they make this world a better place to live in.
vowed silently to herself then i will take that test again.
it puts a huge tall on you life.
for example when she broke down in the flower shop.
many people like different books, music, movies, and magazines.
but as time goes on she will learn to balance the affection she feels for both her new country and homeland.
i was one of the worst book that i have ever seen, we left the library and never came back.
people had different ideas about the shape of the earth.
chaos would ensue.
i see people sometimes reading a book and listening to music.
then he cycled along the desert which was very hot.
some of the major bad effects of computers on people are no exercise, you can talk to strangers, and no interaction with family and friends.
when he set out that morning he asked some old guys on a porch for directions to .
libraries should not be censored.
its fun on a cruise ship captains dinner and meet people and sights.
this gives the the memoir a loving and accepting mood to it.
how can you consider what is offensive and what is not?
i think this because the whole memoir is about family, friendships, and relationships.
advances in technology improve society and the over all way of life around the globe.
this made the cyclist doubt the old timers directions.
the cyclist describes the land when he says, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
we also learn how music evolves from one thing to another, kind of creating off of itself.
magazines can get pretty ugly sometimes.
so what seems to be offensive to people?
just as in basketball, when you train your hand to track the bounce of the ball without you needing the need to catch it.
clearly, the computer plays a huge role in reconnecting faraway friends and family members.
some people might not like some things because of what they have in it or on them, but most of it is history.
allowing this to occur is allowing the library to be used as in the way it was meant to be used for, a resource for knowledge.
these part of the setting gave the cyclist a bad affect.
he is grateful they love and care for him.
that is why i think computers benefit us.
computers are great, people friendly pieces of equipment, but as technology evolves, people are beginning to rely on their computers for entertainment.
well what do you think ?
the mood the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
its all about your style and what you let your child see.
as she was having tea with him, the kids came crowding in.
it is very easy to stay clear of any negative effects but it is your choice whether to do so or not.
this is bad because he could become dehydrated.
if this book was pitched out of the library, how would students all over the nation learn of the ?
libraries are a center of learning.
japan, china, and canada had also set up beautiful pavilions.
lastly, computers are a way of contacting others.
having family all around you.
she had a lot of memories from one home.
therefore, we should buy and read-only good books.
some read just for the enjoyment and others read because it is assigned to them or they need to research some things.
did you know that of people the age of have jobs on the internet?
i believe that libraries should not censor their literature, all of our media is a fountain of knowledge waiting to be discovered.
how it was to make his first friend.
my year old niece can read quite well and is very impressionable as are many young children.
and parents should monitor what there children are reading and take part in the book by helping them understand what the book is saying.
the setting and the features affected him not only physically, but mentally as well.
that means i can still interact with family and friends.
at some points, tumbleweeds crossed my path and an adversely large snake.
some of these features include:- the heat, dangerous animals, not a lot of civilization, and the terrain.
it could be online chatting and even sharing photos.
therefore censorship in libraries should be condemned because we are only hurting ourselves in the long run when we limit the knowledge we decide to take in
computers are a good thing because you could email your family or friends any time you want too.
in paragraph it says how the teachings have stuck with him his whole life and how import family and his friends were to him which creates a warm setting.
in the memoir, the author creates a specific mood to entice and interest the reader as they read more about his life.
also, people of different religion could find it offensive.
there are many advantages to computer, but there are also disadvantages.
one must actually be outside, experiencing the feel, the smell, and even the taste of nature.
for everything they did with him.
a postman can be seen here and there delivering the mail to the addresses.
and who knows they actually might be right if you give them a chance to speak.
and now, twenty miles into his journey, the cyclist needs to refill some of his water supply.
the hills make it very hard to pedal when going up hill.
sight is, most of the time your most important sense.
computers of course.
saving time so they have more time coming up.
the internet has a much broader range of articles, so it is much easier to find information for any topic.
your town have a gym, community center, or a library.
here is another reason why computers are good.
people think that this scene is to provocative and another person look at that and say there is nothing wrong.
the lights in our houses glow with the help of electricity.
growing up as a kid i loved being able to go to the library it helped to enhance my vocabulary, spelling and which i learned plenty new words.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the rough terrain and snake and two factors in his trip that just helped make his journey even more cruel.
so he will never forget the gratitude that fills him up inside.
she still needs time for this, as the flowers needs time to plant its roots into the ground.
i chose this mood because in the memoir he describes how nice it was to live in a town where people cared for him.
movies and television.
for example if you had a loved one in the military you could use the computer to communicate with him with a webcam.
you could make plans, or you can talk about upcoming events.
now you really cannot give up time with your friends and family since they are so important!
my third reason is, computers help people learn new things.
when you are clumsy you break things.
it is just something in our world that we have to live with
limiting or censoring the mass media we have in our libraries would nearly empty them.
if books are being taken of shelves based on a few people opinions then their rights are being infringed upon by the people who deemed it inappropriate.
there are many features of the setting that effect the cyclist.
this also allows a variety of books to a variety of people
this could very well be the poll your took.
what is not to love?
some people do not have a computer home.
and it is a lot more fun to learn of off a computer than a book.
even further into.
well, if you answered yes, stop the computer madness and head on outside!
is a waist of breath think again because it helps you to communicate with your friends.
an orange tree needs a dry climate to grow and bear fruits.
these people, although from different worlds and different times and different people, were all avid believers in the of humans.
she has set a goal to accept it.
the last and final reason why this is you can get a lot out that you could use.
that is unfair and should be stopped.
i believe that they should not censor books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
we all have that favorite book, mine is ' of and .'
many websites also are adept at donating money while playing a game.
looking for an adventure of your own, you drift down each section searching for the one suitable to your liking.
if censorship in libraries actually happened, many authors say forget it and not even right anymore.
without all the useful information i found on the computer.
there are many ways the cyclist is affected throughout the essay by the setting.
i think it would be appropriate for some rules to be developed or some guidelines to be created.
the heat of the sun and not much water around is causing the cyclist to worry about his health.
i can think of at least three different sites that have online games.
there are only a few reasons why i think that people should have access to offensive materials.
over the internet, you can research everything from the main staple of the diet in all the way to the day the new year in .
the only books that would be left would be the and children books.
how would they complete their work?
computers also allow people to talk online with other people.
however, i believe that there are more positive effects than .
in the story road ahead exceed posted speed limit the rider runs into a large highway sign jumped out at me it read: rough road
it also means she will be well prepared and will have a list of confidence in passing this test.
that clearly shows one of the things we need computers for.
we can also learn about nature from our home.
it does this with the mouse you have to be very coordinated to be good at the games on the computer.
the cyclist was given very old directions.
people can be discovering many great wonders.
she is explaining that she needs time just as the geese and flowers do as well.
besides practically unlimited information, you can stay in touch with your family using .
for example it is much easy to cycle on flat smooth ground than it is on the rolling hills with rough, rocky ground.
music does not fall into that category.
i remember in grade when a girl named got very upset because she thought a book was making fun of her skin color.
my friend came by my house one day to hang out and do some homework.
although most people use these materials strictly for entertainment, the writers and musicians created them for self expression and to show their pain and struggles.
be smart and safe!
one time i was in a library looking at this book that really seemed good to read.
one time i played on the computer for two whole hours and gained two pounds.
lastly, never forget who really matters.
if that was someone you loved.
have you ever read or seen something that u took offense to you or others?
if you think back what had helped you complete the paper?
artists write about what they love and how they feel.
magazines is a big one.
some people, think they have made a good impact while others think the opposite.
and some parents is not going to let their children watch a movies, and other movie they were not to see at there ages.
many people would be made mad if this did happen.
it provides information on vacations, hotels, ext.
thank you for reading my ideas, editor.
going on the computer is addicting.
they are intended for people of all ages.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
its just a dam book let us read them.
there would be no reason to, their would be nobody to sing songs for us.
finally, there are many ways to avoid seeing something you find offensive.
he graduates top of the class, goes through college and gets a high paying job right out of the gate.
a way to help with this problem is to move offensive material to a higher shelf.
the last thing you can do is become more healthy.
and we can be able to post games and have a chance to see the players talk to their fans.
it is in january.
they get the magazines and drool over how the center fold looks.
it was hard for him to keep his balance as he says, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
people have many different views when it comes to these things.
overall i think they should keep the offensive materials.
being censored from things makes people want to rebel and learn the truth.
for a long happy life.
look back into our history, we are a country full of rebels.
when people are on computers all day they have less time exercising.
countless people around the world face these problems everyday and computer usage should be lessened.
there have been times when my mother will not allow me to read a book because it dealt with issues that i was not ready to learn about.
the author concludes the story with a sentence about retaking her test when the geese are back and the hibiscus is budding because they each represent something else.
plus on video sites there are comedy.
dear of ; technology seems to have a positive effect on people.
these days children learn about things sooner and sooner.
this shows that they care for one another contributes to the mood by showing love and warmth towards another person.
they want these types of things to be taken off the shelves.
to me, i think computers are a positive effect on people.
books are our best friends.
person in or , most of the games are safe and fun to play.
also, maybe publish some too, into the newspaper.
things that are offensive for some people are just fine for other people.
yes i know there has been rumors about people threatening over chats.
having family come live with you till they get back on their feet.
the elements were against him.
one you can use them to get information for a project, talk to your friends, or learn about something you have never known before.
it is loving because he is talking about all the close relationships he had with his family and friends.
this censorship is narrowed down to just inappropriate images, but religious, political, and cultural innuendo as well.
a library is a sanctuary for people to go read their favorite books for free, containing books from all types of genres.
computer usage has its ups and downs,but my point is safety, health, and education, one the main issues we face because of modern technology.
do you believe our generation or future generations should not get to experience and understand what the past generations have?
in school, kids are being fed fact after fact and are expected to agree with what they are being told with no questioning involved.
some of them are small, some are big, and some have fans on their head.
just like how has a new song out.
after his survival of his surroundings for as long as he could go, gets help at a real camp.
if you work with computers for a job, it is helpful to be well known wit the keyboard for fast results.
all the neighbors are fed up with this family.
however, we can change the way that we view these people.
if the philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by the library officials, then the person who likes philosophy will not have anything to read.
these two factors will cause major stress in you daily life.
clearly, computers are more helpful to people than they are harmful.
in the story it is talking about the girl overcoming the failed test and retaking it.
for example the author of the book or magazine some how relates to them, and they probably made it so other people could relate to them also.
he could have gotten more reliable advice, or had been in a place where the towns were not miles and miles apart.
with having a computer people will be able to talk to their family that live in other states then them.
would you be hurt and taken back?
these two things consist of the signs.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
last thing is that it helps you communicate with friends and family members that live to far of a distance where you cant see them.
he grew up and actually met people and made friends.
because of the rate of the water, he felt life was cruel sometimes and he thought that he was at the point of losing water.
when the animals cry and flee in pain in pain, the boy
he is dehydrated and exhausted due to the conditions of the environment he was in.
also, things like and face book help people to stay in touch with old and distant friends.
also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet.
while computers, are amazing advances in technology they are also very bad for you.
and i have to think, ' about the authors?'
keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment.
first it started off with the large hills he had to ride up, making him work harder and tire himself out quickly.
instead of waiting days for a letter, in a matter of minutes you can have a message sent to your friends.
the final key had to travel and the road conditions.
his parents had the courage to persevere through new weather and financial struggles.
this vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much.
his work gave him a computer, and he was back to tucking me in every night, and he still does now.
the author of the story ends it with a very interesting paragraph.
you fine out how old is or how tall is .
, when it comes down to it, most books, movies, and songs are meant to be interpreted in many different ways.
other experts disagree.
his parents thought that if they get through the bad time they will enjoy the good times to come and for that he always thanked them.
first, the heat was the main part of nature that threw him off.
if you had a video on the news you want to keep it.
second one would have to consider the time and age that the book has taken place and that was language used back then.
then you can look up another place online that has the same features but it be way closer then going to each year.
all they would have to do is set a time limit on their computer and only use it for work otherwise.
personally i think they are the worst of all.
everyone will be offended in one way or another some time in their life by something they will read or already have read.
sure its a quick look up.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
so what if there are other people who would have actually wanted to read those books?
in conclusion there where many different moods in this story.
here he describes how the people in his neighborhood acted towards each other.
the problem with the is that it always feels like it needs to appease these people.
limit the time on the computer.
what could be wrong with that?
it is not reality.
the ostrich is the largest of all birds.
this is the best and most efficient way to protect and keep everyone safe
we not even be able to communicate with some others.
reason is the give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
these things are placed on either side of your screen to get money from you.
that not be good for people who are trying to stalk or abuse someone.
overall the author concludes the story with the paragraph because it gives off a great image to keep trying and never give up.
people actually need the computer for their the new technology that is coming out is letting people interact with people across the world.
what actually should be kept out of viewing for all to see?
the talks about how it is hard for him and his parents to leave without the rest of there family.
in the story it says, the terrain changing flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
some people state that you can do a lot on the computer and talk to people.
the library is not liable for the feelings of the readers.
although, sometimes the child stray away from its parents it is not very likely that the parent will not notice.
those questions just might be flashing through your head right now.
the average person goes on the ten times a just to get information.
an you cant just take that off the shelf.
dear , you know that in every families own a computer?
this story shows the love they have for each other and that even though they might go through some hard times.
it is clear, computers have a positive affect on people and society.
is it really right of you to take away a good teaching material?
if they actually took this up with higher authorities.
i do not agree.
computers can do everything more than humans can, and we need to stop it.
i think they should not remove these things from the shelves.
that is how the area the cyclist enters affects him.
but i also learned to be responsible with it.
computers not only help that but they are plentiful & can be used in places such as libraries on internet cafe.
we cannot save our kids their whole life, so over time we have got to let them grow up.
these little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly bu want to keep it organized.
the heat made it hard to keep riding.
by going on one of the search engines they would find that in they could go to the zoo.
in my opinion it is very disrespectful to the authors, and anybody else who was involved in writing those books.
there are other problems that people face because of too much time on the computer.
my teacher said that he has been grading more strictly often and the grades are still up by on computer and internet research projects.
there is always going to be something somewhere that offends someone.
no time to exercise?
the main reason for a book to be censored in the first place is because someone finds in offensive.
the fact of the matter is that people or parents get to offended or complain cause there little said a curse word in front of them.
you can search all kinds of people like the presidents of the , celebrities, and people that made a change in the world.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that there is a massive increase in people using computers in society.
so go got your camera and go some where with wild life and have fun.
you cant have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers!
how would you like it if someone took a book away from you, just because it had language or nasty meaning?
instead of taking it off the shelves the person could just not read it.
the knowledge of offensive things should not be taken away from people by the libraries.
they leave their families back home and work hard for protecting the borders.
also, you can spent your spare time playing games that help you learn or even book flight ticket for vacation.
there is no civilization or natural water source, so he faces dehydration.
you cant type a message or hide your feelings behind a screen.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion about certain materials.
same goes if a friend or you move away, but want to stay in touch.
to each his own.
just because it is out there does not mean that we have to see it.
there are probably better, more appropriate words to use when i am in public, but then i would not feel like i am being quite myself.
i believe that if something or someone offends you, you have the right to take a stand.
she believes killing is wrong and inhumane.
this was from a world wide poll in .
we need to inform our state about this problem.
less time to do their homework, so they just begin to not do any of it.
good health is the greatest blessing of god.
having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression.
movies are also carried in some library, but not every library carries a movie.
it gives us joy in our spare time.
all i know is, there too many to count adult websites that children from the ages of log on to everyday.
a definite and timely action at that moment is very important.
my first reason why we should keep computers is because it help on school homework or projects.
my second reason, is that computer could be helpful with kids because computers could help kids get better grades at school.
yes, a dictionary helpful.
but, what you can answer from that is it would allow people to learn from there mistakes.
online communication is a fast, simple, and effective way for people to communicate whether is at home or at work.
they have a choice on whether they can get it or not.
trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
i would read all of them this year.
if i was one of those who took offense to a book in the library then i would just keep it to myself.
that line shows they were brave and willing to try something new, they cared for their child.
it was the championship game.
then later on he makes a mention to change a paragraph if he loss consciousness.
the average day for children in is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home.
one feature would be the terrain around him.
the heat made his dehydration situation much worse.
it makes him feel hopeful, determined, alone, and completely exhausted.
some of the great classic novels have contents that could be considered offensive to many people.
i have chosen this ambition with confidence and after a lot of thinking.
threats were found online from big websites like , & .
but the technology of the day give us the ability to listen to music the golden age of music now.
throughout my life, i have seen many books that seem offensive to me.
this nation was built on the grounds of freedom for what you believe in.
in addition my second reason on why i agree is because students need to put more time and effort into school.
but the next thing he sees is a rundown old shed and a rusted water pump, and this troubles him because he is running out of water.
, there are exceptions to this proposal.
they cause conflicts in between one an another.
computers can be real great and easy to use as you can see, for schoolwork.
either way everyone has their own opinion of what makes a great book.
i went on a bike ride that was many miles long in , and we did not have water because we could not take a break.
also how she still loved her ritual song she sings with her family.
first, the sun is making the cyclist hot and dehydrated.
its not such a far fetched idea.
but think about a library and then imagine a computer.
for one, they help in our educational processes.
we also saw monkeys, chimpanzees, and apes.
they need to get outside and see the outside world, people should interact with family and friends.
in the story, the cyclist starts out with a lot of confidence that he can complete the whole ride.
my friend is intelligent, but he is not proud.
computers can help you to learn faraway places like , , , and other faraway places.
they treat them because they believe that
with computers kids are rarely going outside.
there is a majority of people in the world who really like listening to rap or &.
there are much worse things on television.
have we made the world a better place by attempting to hide a part of history?
also he runs out of water very quickly because of being dehydrated in the heat.
after the men picture the ultimate female as the images they see, the women will never be able to add up to their qualifications.
if the setting had been different, such as not being in a hilly desert, the cyclist would not have become as dehydrated and tired as he did.
then at last he goes to a fishing store and so he gets water and his spirits go way up.
using the internet, world changing news can spread like wildfire and inform everyone in seconds.
try opening a book!
which is a saying i have heard many of times.
so at the end of the story she said that she will take that test again.
the long abandoned roads further increased his doubt of living the whole bike ride.
we must prevent this at any way possible
if he was in a different setting this felling of despair would not be in the story.
some people have an arid fear of change.
other people might see it the other way and they can.
he was grateful for his parents giving him all they could.
so my point is that you know and i know that their are music out there that is very offensive and some books that are.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
computers turn kids and parents into wild beasts.
we need water for our daily activities like bathing, cooking, washing, etc.
this proves that the cyclist had to stop for water and using much power to pump it out.
that to me sounds like when he was growing up it was rough and he never actually loved some one in his life until now.
all you gotta do is go to that certain room, look for , check out and you got a nice book to be reading anytime.
negative things in books or magazines or anywhere should be removed for good.
students grades will suffer and will not obtain class credits if this problem is not mentioned.
it has help our world is many different ways too.
as you can clearly see, computers have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages.
in the modern world, nearly all businesses rely on communication.
i know thought they were buying a pair of boots.
only if these methods of moderation were enforced would everyone be upset.
there is a reason those books are there and they are not put up there to be offensive; so why take them down?
i could hear the strong icy wind blowing outside.
the mood the author created in this memoir was very proud.
there for, computers are time consuming & should not be used.
out of students enjoy nature every week.
even if you are able to put a censorship on books and music at a library, you can' censor the internet.
well, i might just be able to help.
the reader is smart enough to know what he or she can or cannot handle.
feature is the heat.
i thinks that the author concludes the story with the given paragraph to show that she is similar to the hibiscus and geese.
i think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves.
throughout the memoir, the author constantly creates a comforting, grateful, and happy mood.
yes, i do believe computers benefit the society.
often i look to other artists' works for inspiration, and the one place to get that music is, you guessed it, the library.
the man is badly dehydrated, but in his determination he moves on.
people use the computer for many things, books, movies and so one.
you mostly just move your hands and fingers.
also, the computer has mainly improved methods of.
just pay attention to whats going on in the library.
i strongly feel that every book was created for people to read and gain knowledge, on what every aspect of what the book is.
did you know that out of children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities?
if you think it is good for little kids to be learning about bullying you are wrong!
the increase in population is due to the fall in death rate.
but computers are being used for other things.
what if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject?
nobody likes a distant family, but with a computer you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world!
now, everyone knows his name and listens to his music.
if one is offended by a literary work, perhaps he should just move on and find a book more suited to his interests.
i go oh the computer almost every day but also go outside too.
he is of my age.
this is not only helpful to the kids, but the parents as well.
ashamed that she failed the test, she still showed her mother the flower she found, which was not like the one at home.
computers just make you break away from your family and friends because your worrying whats happening on the internet.
peon is a very important person in a school.
when he reached the ghost town and was out of water he was upset and frustrated.
the author is thinking about all the good times he had growing up.
for instance, in paragraph three it states that family does not mean just blood relations.
he tried to publish it, but did not succeed because his work was considered offensive.
no registration to get a library card.
computers can help us with learning such as learning about or the population.
many teens spend there whole day on the computer leaving no time for their family and friends.
a computer is the world at your finger tips.
computers cause you to isolate yourself.
first because she failed her test first so it takes some guts and will power to go back and even try it again.
back then and now censorship is hiding reality.
all the body parts and organs work in coordination with each other.
just picture lazy, obese.
getting that hibiscus reminded her of her homeland and it gave her memories of then .
computers can do more than creating a simple map, it can give you precious information!
the earth is a member of the solar system.
programs that you can download make life a whole lot simpler and saves you a lot of time.
he explains describes the town as maybe at one point being a thriving spot, but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
when she see this plant, he childhood comes back and she forgets her test.
i have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight.
also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings.
plus there are shows on television that could have to do with racism, or someone being overweight.
they find these things to be offensive.
the mood created in this story shows how family should be.
the descriptive features of the setting greatly affect the protagonist along his journey.
as grow up, they learn about letters of the alphabet and spelling.
rafters and timber from my trunk.
computers help students research information that they need for school.
yet others find that those things make their writing more interesting.
using my own observations, reading, and my own experience i will prove to you that we need those books on our shelves.
so there are just some things that contain violence that you just cant keep your child from seeing at one point in time.
to get a feast of colours we should go to a well kept park.
many features of the setting of the cyclists excruciating trip affect him mentally and physically.
in every school or library many people see books that are inappropriate for their taste.
also with hand & eye coordination.
when you start to censor what information is available to certain people, they get angry, and it can cause an uproar of protest.
our religion is a big part of your life because it determines what we believe in, and in we think is right or wrong.
this will come off offensive to many men and women.
religion is shown in these four types of form in these objects.
the issue to with is do you think that people are spending to much time on the computer or not.
everybody is different and what offends my neighbor not offend me.
my parents believe that i am at the right age that i should be allowed to listen to whatever type of music i want to.
you can have fun with computers.
most modern day book, movies, music, etc.
i once was watching a movie with my two year old that we got from the library.
so instead of removing materials off shelves consider that someone was just expressing how they feel and have the right to their own opinion just like you do
dear newspaper , you like it if your children stay on the computer all the time?
if we try to explain it, we soon get lost in our words.
you must be insane!
also, the mood is a happy mood.
these hills reduced his stamina greatly.
these books were penned to educate our civilization.
it was just the other day i sat down to read a book about a musical that i wish to see, and there were nude pictures in it.
he is looking back on his childhood and the memories.
he also encountered a big snake that appeared to be a diamondback which he avoided even though it almost covered the road.
she is in a new country and just failed her drivers test.
the stuff wrote, sang, or played in these things harm these people but that is not what it is in there for.
if they offend me then oh well that is my issue to deal with.
my class teacher distributed sweets among the children and teachers.
i say that the reason why people are failing school is because of all this stuff.
say you gotta old kid, and he walks up to you carrying a sex love book.
he is able to die of thirst when he sees a bait shop.
he explained his life, home, family, and parents.
he also puts on a strange-looking cap.
for example, you can go on websites that teach you all kinds of things like math.
i believe in making people happy and one thing that is wrong with society today is too much judging and talking down and talking bad about people.
he was freaking out.
lastly, the mood can be described as thankfulness, or gratitude.
computers have good or bad effects.
he is happy about them because of all of the good times he had in it.
she feels that it is the right thing to do and it will be the right time to come back and take the test.
if people brought books off the shelves then what will the other people read.
my thirdly reason is, how to search on google or the .
computers have little to no effect on people.
remember the words of shakespeare.
now, but if people keep taking books off the shelf because they find something wrong with it, then our freedom is taken away.
so the children care more about the internet the being healthy.
did you know that most kids communicate online now.
children read about gangs and think that it is cool.
we are just taking away something that is really big to us , and without those books there is no history for us to study.
no parent wants to see their kid over weight for many reasons.
communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a total positive effect on people.
you were smart you would not listen to those experts have you ever heard of the word multi tasking?
inf will agree that with more , these sometimes painful disorders could be avoided.
so buckle down start that research!
and it paid off in the end he found his water and survived.
the hibiscus inspires her to push forward and try again for license as the plant pushed forward through winter.
in the grocery shops people can buy grains, rice lentils and spices.
this is another reasons why computers a good.
the first step to changing that is to set the standards high.
this is effecting people negatively.
talking to people over the computer is nowhere near close to talking to someone face to face.
as you can see this is why i believe it is positive.
do we take the teacher out of the classroom?
computers help people with anything they need.
every week, the vet comes to the farm for their checkup.
we need to preserve through every problem we go through in life.
people spend too much time on their computers.
it gives people a good education.
social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past.
first, the reason why i say a computer is a big handy person because it does most of the things a human can do.
this would create a corrupt society, with a lot of fighting.
i think computers effect people in a positive way by helping them in positive ways.
the paragraph says, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
dear local newspaper, i have been asked to write a letter stating opinion on the effects, computers have on people.
lastly we will have many friends.
everyone wants to be healthy.
to begin with, the learning ability people get from it has improved.
i would rather my children know about everything so they know what is wrong and what is right.
advanced coordination would mean that person would able to accomplish more things like fast typing.
when the book, magazine or movie was create, it not have been made to be offensive.
if they did decide to remove these books are kids would have a hard time learning about the truth.
so, what is your side on this argument?
if the average person tried!
you can even get work for students at school so that way the can learn more and do different activities.
something that is offensive to me not be offensive to another.
we have gospel , jazz, &, and etc that many people enjoy listing to.
it was a beautiful scene.
when he came to a fork in his path that had a water pump he immediately began to pump it the water was not good for drinking.
passionate music witch he adores today.
there was also the bumpy roads and hills that were tiring and mad the cyclist even thirstier.
yes, maybe your friends and family out and hungry with your friends most likely you will have more fun exercising then you have on the computers.
in my family i am not allowed to listen to offensive music.
many rap artists think it is okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music.
anyone close enough can be considered family.
in conclusion in our culture because are very crucial in our culture because it can let you surf online and help you interact with people who live faraway.
last he proposed.
finally every library should have their own control over what they think is best for their own facility.
did you lash out, or did you keep an open mind and come try understanding?
now and days this world has some shocking things in it but to put things like this in a library is horrible.
every mind that is among the world is extremely different, just as every book is.
it is their right to do so.
a recent poll shows that of people in nursing homes who learn how to use the computer have much better brain function.
did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer when the to learn a place or a person.
might of experienced something like this.
the text says.
some of the reasons is that it creates a feeling of hope in the reader, tells us we always have another chance and the importance of persistence.
also, after taking a poll.
the computer is very helpful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy.
so i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc should be taken off the shelves if they are found offensive
one offensive to a person not be offensive to another.
many things were new to her.
so censorship is really in the eye of the beholder.
one of them jumped into the pool.
when she had a question she would have to ask somebody she know.
i think a library should have censorship when it comes to what they have and how they organize it.
this advance in technology is just another way to improve every day life.
secondly, purchases can be made.
the kid section is a section that all kids can use, because we know that that section of books would be harmless to kids.
lastly the story tells times how the parents sacrifice for their sons better life.
the desert contains a very high temperature, which makes it harder to endure physical activities.
last year in , it was .
the former quote was found in paragraph described the pride and gratefulness of the home in which the author lived.
a good idea for them to do is to move all of them to an section for adults so the children will not be able to see them.
i could feel the great sense of mood and emotion that the author poured into it.
heavy metal music, you cannot understand it, but when you research the words you see that life is useless and why are we living?
in conclusion, the author chose to end the story with this paragraph because that is what means the most to the main character.
another thing could be anything involving racial stereotypes or obvious racial comments.
all that is doing is giving readers less material to read.
did you know that four out of five households have a computer?
he stays back after the school gets over and leaves after locking up all the rooms.
you can also have conversations through email with no problem.
as is normal throughout all deserts, the sun is blazing hot, as is the sand.
this cause him to slow down a little bit.
and you can see them.
would you allow them to do so?
i believe that people should be able to choose what content they decide to read and let their children read.
but no they want to sit inside all day long on the computer.
books should be censored if they are made for children.
he tactfully makes his student realize his mistake.
he shows that in growing up in such a wonderful family and home that he felt that the experience he had in his home was just exceptional.
also a lot of people are using the for there businesses.
this winter hibiscus.
these things that people find to be offensive are harsh and cruel things to show our young readers, writers, and musicians.
i believe that the mood created by the author is happy and loving.
this helps develop skills later on such as problem solving.
this hope allowed the narrator to because more tenacious about his journey in order to arrive at the old building.
but, also, kids and adults should be having some fun time outside and enjoying it.
your practically just type in a word and automatically have hundreds or thousands of links, containing information on that word, to choose from!
it was then that i had stumbled upon a book that looked incredibly interesting.
people also use the internet for media or to simply catch up with friends.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that he was grateful in the beginning of his memoir.
and why waste time on the computer.
also, you can refrain from making a trip from the store by purchasing items online.
do you think computers are a positive effect or a negative effect?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because where he is riding it is very dry and hot.
there are many beautiful flowers in our garden.
they wanted their son to have a good life.
the features of the setting negatively affect the cyclist.
he had to attend many periods.
then you add the fact that there is not really any towns and he is a blazing heat with little water.
a local teenage boy, , says.
in the end the feature of the setting only made him more determined to reach water.
but there are new things that she is becoming used to.
many people that do not have computers depend on the library.
you cannot control what everyone else says or does in books or movies, you have to just be in control of how you look upon it as.
i think that they can help people with what they need.
the libraries, for some, are the main means for getting books.
as small children, we should always obey elders and also respect each other.
were teens go online and go live on a webcam were anyone can watch them.
also, if everyone could ban books, then there would be nothing to read because all of the books would be banned.
someday when i have kids, i will never let them go to certain sections of the library with this material.
i would like to no how some of these people come up with this at.
the children might be reading books that are too explicit for their age.
we all have our own preferences; how would you like it if yours got taken away?
but english as it is not literary.
if you had a small business that just started out you can make a brochure to help advertising.
another one is about special needs, movie or book that have to deal with people putting down others that have special problems.
the mood portrayed in the story was family and friends are very important and they help what you will be in the future.
these features affected the cyclist a great deal.
was a topic that drew their attention, but not very appealing to me.
furthermore, just from using a computer anyone can find facts about lands halfway across the .
there are going to be things happening that are going to make people feel a little offensive.
some of them are not supposed to be looked at until an older age.
everyone believes in different things.
our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger, thanks to the help of technology today.
books should be required to have an age appropriate rating on them.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i often find myself asking friends over the computer, what the homework is, or whens the next test, etc.
that of people use the computer to chart with people.
my final reason i think computers are bad is because, instead of computer time it should be reading time.
imposing our views upon others can be done just as easily through putting a controversial book on the shelves as it can by taking it off.
in the end we never know whats better till we try.
computers benefit society greatly.
if this is the case i think that its not the right thing to do.
overall the things that we read, watch, and listen to not all be bad even if it has some offensive material in it.
in the spring the geese will return and the hibiscus will be budding.
just because that is what my family believes in does not mean that it should be taken of the shelves of the library or any other place.
in the future we are going to see more and more computers.
when we reached the airport we got on to a tour bus.
nothing can be brought to a conclusion without punctuality.
today in the media there are many things that can be found offensive.
maintenance of law is his duty.
no one should be judged by which sex they like.
in this paragraph i am going to explain to you why i think interacting with family and friends is better than on the computer.
but of the few that do stay on computers to long learn to balance their time, keeping computers would benefit in so many ways.
no one person has the same thought that the next person does it is impossible
this would make a parent cautious of where their child goes.
so, as you can see computers have a very positive effect on people ways that they do this is that they are educational & they help learn.
if you get rid of movies from the library then people want be able to have a visual aid as there alternative way of learning.
these have been some moods in this story.
for example if the library only put out romance things, then what would the action lovers do ?
it is not necessary to take the items off the shelf.
i do not believe books, music, and magazines should be removed from shelves.
or the movie with the sex scene in it could give your child the idea to go out and practice what was taught.
mainly parents and educators find these materials such as books offensive and do what they can to get this book taken out of libraries at schools.
laptops have made it easier to block people out.
and i would like to let you know what i think about the whole situation.
i believe that there can be both good and bad effects.
think of all the people who you know that spend multiple hours on the computer.
some of us need those kind of books in order for us to do our research and projects!
another misfortune that the author explains is the touring changing.
finally, computer cost a lot of money.
it could be offensive to them but not to someone else.
a close family friend of ours just bought a computers.
moreover, computers help with communication.
even smaller businesses use the computer to connect to customers.
the most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should get in the way of that.
i think that they should set standards on what they want to have and following those standards on books they buy.
new technology can track kids.
three reasons for opinion is .
but, now she is moving away from her beloved home and it makes her sad.
i do not think so.
in the essay a young cyclist takes advice from some elderly man and ends up riding through hot sun and ghost towns not knowing if he would survive.
one day when i was younger just starting to read i came across a book.
like i stated previously the books are just books its your choice to read them
in moderation computers are the most useful tool out there.
a huge purpose of computers is to keep in touch.
do you really want people to lose their friends?
say if you an your friend has the same computer which includes webcam, video messaging and more.
in some cases reading and knowing certain things that are offensive to some people should be known to the world.
she wanted to be back home.
he thought he was seeing things and his vision was distorted.
if this continued, we would have no books to read.
also it says that they came selflessly as many immigrants do to give there children a better life.
all you have to do is search it on your computer!
communicating with people on the other side of the world is difficult.
the problem is there are millions of children like who are not getting enough exercise instead opting.
that can disappear in a instant.
it shows that she will do what needs to be done in order to survive just like the geese have to do.
when the cyclist is going on his trip, he is riding through as desert.
the computer has things for every person in the world.
one day i want to fly a big airplane.
every time i walk the room my computer is hooked, i grab the pull up right and do .
but, everyone has rights to what they want to know and what they do not want to know.
even if you just put them away would be better than taking them out of the library completely.
there should be action,adventure, humor, love, etc.
i think that computers are great.
this will effect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy and sluggish all the time.
this memoir focused mainly on friends and family getting together to celebrate.
by warmth, she meant that you were always surrounded by loved ones.
this is very convenient.
now, scientists from the foundation have found they staring at the screen kills brain cells.
it would be hard to get the right kind of information off the internet because not everything is correct on there.
conflicting works of art such as books, music, and movies, have always been seen in libraries.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
we live in a world today where education is everything, and we think that everyone should have an education.
too many books are about drugs, sex, or pregnancy.
you have to be careful where you go when using the internet.
those are some features of the setting that affected the cyclist on his journey.
its just sun, sand, and him.
some say that computers are causing people to spend less time enjoying nature.
a library could not provide works that challenge and stretch individual beliefs if someone was offended by the means by which the stretching occurred.
they are harmless and can be seen everywhere.
well how you ran do all your on line.
this shows a bad mood affected by the features of the setting.
secondly the more technology there is, we are going to have less.
i sat quietly next to him.
i can understand that people have been through things, and might not be happy that offensive materials are around.
i know that after a long time on the computer i have a massive headache because my eyes just hurt so bad.
it comes to my attention that computers have over time.
he rings the bell in time.
i like things that some people might not like, that is just how human nature is
there are a couple books that i did not approve of, myself, but i know that it has connected with a child some where in the world.
at the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years.
the four main things that affect him are the heat, lack of water, lack of nearby buildings, and .
in this memoir the mood created by the author is mostly happiness and celebration.
the computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away.
you have the info you need!
shows that just because one person thinks one way is right does not mean another will.
going on the computer takes away from this time.
if they think that a book is offensive they go past it and find a different book to .
it has forty classrooms.
also, the author want`s to express how there is still structure and stability in a changing world and that you can look to the simple things.
so the sun was able to effect him a couple of ways.
said our health teacher.
sure might take a little bit more work but hey, one has to do .
in many cases the censorship of what many would agree as not suitable material for anyone to create and enjoy.
some people do go to the library an not find what there looking for.
and just when you think you find something everyone likes, someone will come along and disturb the peace.
there is a country music channel for those who want to listen to country music.
then if i like it, i start singing it.
kids when they are little, their brains are like sponges, so they learn, and remember stuff well at that age.
therefore i urge you to write an article in the newspaper about the effects of too much computer time, to make it known to everyone in the city.
i know your thinking to yourself.
if everybody at took the books we found offensive off the shelves and threw them away, we would be left with no books to read.
imagine that a person comes up to you and says, ' is that you are reading there?
nobody want to feel like their in a sauna when they are bike riding.
in this , the author explains what it is to have a family and what it is and means.
many young people change words in books, but the books will always still have what really happened.
lastly you can even look up people on the internet.
i think computers need to stop taking over our world and start just being there when we need them.
this is where the conflict begins.
they are full of so much more information than books.
this can also bad for future generations.
in conclusion, using computers all the time restrict you from exercising, getting fresh air.
it will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner.
in conclusion, there should be a censorship on what you can find in the library.
there are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer.
is a subject too graphic for students?
this helps people stay connected.
the setting of rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist so many ways.
i do not believe that anybody should have the right to censor what content is provided in libraries.
in conclusion the author sets a calm and kind mood by using words and subject matter that i feel are calming.
now these are the reasons why i think so.
eventually, though, kids are going to be faced with those things.
it can also give kid information like weather updates that help to keep then safe.
it is taking away their life.
struggled with the concept of being bisexual throughout his life.
so yes, certain materials should be taken away from the public eye, for the safety of the community and for its' children.
after reading the book, i might not have enjoyed it, but it was my choice to read it.
a survey done by .
before my uncle went to , he wanted to learn about their culture.
no, i do not believe that libraries should censor anything.
it can and will mentally scar them for life.
the cause stress and unnecessary drama.
this law was enacted in the of and is still in effect today.
when reading this story you can really tell that this family was happy.
they both love me a lot.
on computers you can also communicate with people that are very far away.
going on the computer is much easier.
using computers could be fun for some and work for others.
the excerpt furthers these feelings when the author tells about how much his parents gave when they themselves had little of their own.
dear the , your resources, your entertainment, even your communication with people might be fading.
most of the time after school, children stay in the house and do stuff instead of going outside.
have you ever gone on the computer?
having separate adult and children sections could solve this problem.
even though some of these books still lay on the shelves of the schools.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is loving, caring, and gratefulness.
when the snows melt, and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
the second master loved pets.
the environment we grow up in is how we turn out , , and being read about or heard is not the way to be
the charges are not very high.
he does this by explaining what goes on in a positive light.
after they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process.
it is understandable to a certain point.
many of them not be appropriate but whenever you walk into the library its almost as if they are promoting drugs, alcohol, and sex.
it was time for school.
please help defend us kids in this case about computer use.
as the cyclist recover the first town and realizes it is decreased he is initially amused.
the narrator is explaining what courage it took for his parents to make such an adjustment for the sake of his own happiness.
and to her grief.
no matter how you try to keep your kids away from finding or seeing offensive stuff there is always a way for them to see it.
just because someone finds something offensive in a written work does not mean that everyone else will, too.
a new mother lost her kid last while eating lunch at a park.
if you take off one book, you might as well take off the rest.
they should not discourage people to discontinue learning about the world because that would lead to a bigger and more serious worldwide problem: the lack of education.
but, the people that go to church just like to listen to church music.
the last reason is that kids get bad eye sight from it.
not everyone likes rap music, but it is still playing on the radio.
computers help us see the unseen.
to communicate with my friends i use email or aim.
in addition, you can use the computer to look at foreign countries.
people us technology for they jobs like people that work for cars they need computers to see if the cars if old.
dear, opinion is getting out of mind.
not all things online are like that though.
most libraries i have been to have different areas for each age group.
this makes people happy, and still keeps them informed about what their family members, or friends are up to.
everyone has feelings and it hurts when they are offended.
a social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see.
the setting he was in made him a little more wise.
at the least, libraries and movie rental places could have a designated area for adult rated content to respect those who disagree.
the cyclist was affected by the directions of the old man.
my attentions for letting him read it are for all the right reasons.
not all books are made for a particular age group or gender.
offensive things have been around in libraries, probably since the first library opened.
an anonymous source claims that they use their computer to contact old friends.
there are movies made for adults, but how many adults let their kids watch them to.
if there is offensive material in their stuff then anyone can see it and it could put a negative thought in some peoples heads.
no, and why might that be?
students achieve their goal of education and discipline in a hostel.
it is a crowded part of the city.
my first reason why i think computers are good thing is because the are a good source to do research on a specific topic.
lastly, if you get a computer it makes your life so much easier.
soon he begins to run lost and the sun begins to beat down on him.
would you rather use a computer or be in .
it sounded very confident and made it where she can want to try if she or he fails the first time.
rap music have lyrics that some would consider rude but to another they speak a message.
the people start yelling because they did not find it offending.
no matter how long or hard it would be she would get it done.
many people fall asleep to soothing instruments that make a beautiful melody.
which i can understand why someone would want to escape.
at this point the cyclist has no water and is very dehydrated.
you should go to your school and tryout for any sport that your good at.
offensive books are most likely found in the teenager or adults sections, not the children section.
everyone do have their own right but some like offended things.
it is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy.
in conclusion, in some of my observations and reading some people get offended quite often for being a different race, gender, or religion.
but just remember your grades, cars, and your weight.
because of the great variety of opinions and concept of respect, everyone must be heard.
censorship of libraries would take away our rights.
the moment of breakdown was as she got the flower.
same concept with movies, magazines, music, and etc.
that should not be offensive to somebody because they are talking about killings and violence.
if children end up listening to the offensive music, or watching offensive movies then think about like this, they need to grow up someday.
another positive effect that computers have on people is communication.
in conclusion, certain materials should not be removed from the shelves of libraries is they are found offending to certain people.
then came along and made me a somebody.
when i was in seventh grade we took a field trip to the city library.
we should teach people about them.
people have always had a right to view what they want and read what they want due to the freedom that this very country provides.
instead of making a habit of going online everyday why not make a habit like try to get all your homework done each night?
if the materials propose things like racism, i would like those items taken off the shelves.
that is what i choose to do and i would say it is working out great.
information now distributed in the media and other networks can be harmful for some young children to read or be surrounded by, including video games.
bullying has been a major problem in the for many years.
if any word is changed it is a incorrect .
if people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of the glowing technology then be it.
lastly computers benefit our society because they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire.
for example, companies that mass - produce their products often rely on computers to do jobs more precisely than a worker.
computer help the environment too.
that is not right and it is setting a terrible example for the kids.
we want to see whether the person knockin is the postman.
we will no longer have a respected society.
so now you know that libraries are very strict.
should we censor books in libraries?
when i read the above statistics i came to grips with the fact that people spend too much time on the computer doing nothing.
not only will computers impact people, but it also impact family in friends.
a while it will eventually take a toll on the body.
over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately .
virtual people are not your real friends and family.
not everyone has a phone but computers are a secondary way to have a conversation with someone.
did you know that of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online.
the world would be upside down without them.
bulls and elephant like my leaves very
wondering what is the best way to get somewhere?
but its going to keep going on until someone speaks up.
there are books that children or young adult should read and should not read.
each book in a library bears its own relation to each person that enters that library.
there are three bedrooms.
all the games have a rating on them so you should have an adult check that game rating before you let your child get that game.
many things nowadays in order to be perfect, have to be written up on the computer or you will not get the result you were hoping for.
in my opinion, it all depends on how many people are offended by it.
history has given the world many a cruel dictator.
without computers we could not be where we are today.
some believe that it is necessary others would disagree.
why should we take down the books in the library?
and they can teach us new things.
this place was completely deserted and there was no water for him.
most of what we do today could not happen without computers.
he tells that his family and friends are immigrants and how hard they worked to be free and give a better life to their families and children.
the readers can learn from mistakes made in the past.
yes, being on the computer definitely has a bad side.
this shows that it is good for a child to see such offensive things.
in plus the computer was getting boring.
in the desert is were water grew short and he tried everything to push himself.
he said that he is also grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
also, children do a lot of school work on the computer.
it takes away your time that you can be going to the , going to stores restaurant the things you.
to conclude, censorship be a disrespect to individuality, personal beliefs, and the overall joy of reading a good book.
the mood of the in the article is like kind of happiness and , relax, and grateful.
the effect of the story strikes our thoughts so forcefully but nowhere the characters overplay their emotions.
are great because you keep in touch with you family and friends.
it has books on all subjects.
the cyclist became dehydrated because of not only a lack of water, but also the scorching heat of the desert.
many adults in the society blame it on peer pressure; but where do the peers get the idea that is acceptable?
it was to the point of dying.
however, i feel that more often they negatively impact the general public.
these are any a few problems the cyclist encountered.
i that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
you can even talk to people online from around the world!
dear newspaper, i have been reading about the debate about computers.
without this type of setting, the story would have completely changed.
the effects are positive, because your brain is challenged, and your boredom has vanished.
someone in this world is living this life, it could be you.
these are some reasons explain why the author concludes this story with this paragraph.
the organisers have given their love to those homeless children.
this is why libraries should not remove materials from their shelves because they are, in the eyes of some, offensive materials.
imagine, you go into your favorite library and you go to grab your favorite book or movie and its not there.
if a book is removed from a shelf because someone finds it offensive then the next person who comes along looking for that book can not access it.
he clearly is very grateful for his family, and had a happy childhood.
the world is very vast and every part of it has a different climate.
one thing that is important about the computer is the advances in technology caused by it.
well i think the mood of the story is great.
also abandoned buildings.
well behaved children all around the is what you can look forward to if you censor books and magazines all around the in libraries.
the computer enables people to stay entertained, and relaxed when needed.
the internet is a major part in having computers.
in my opinion, books that seem offensive to someone should be kept on the shelf.
computers can really be bad with our education.
i heard one kid used the computer to much that he started to kill people and got shot by a cop.
if a virus get onto your computers, your many could vanish.
the freedom of press is the means by which they share their ideas and concepts with the world.
i strongly believe computers are a waste of money and bring society down.
kids have been caught looking at porn, buying illegal drugs, hacking into systems and other criminal type things.
it helps others get a clear picture of who and what they go through.
next, using computers saves trees.
there should be no reason that one person or persons should try taking something off of a shelf at a library just because they find it offensive.
right to speak freely; to watch what they please; and so on.
and also, have you ever needed to get information fast?
a civilized person will always behave properly with everyone.
computers are also good because if you have a project to do from school then you could get good information based on what project you have to do.
the author creates a loving, and caring mood.
are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of the ?
this way parents taking their children to the library will know in which way they should direct them.
some people should just know better and take it .
why should your opinion speak for everyone else.
for example the cyclist was in a very hot and dry place.
if a student does some mistake, he is not very harsh to him.
if you do not want your child to share this book of dreams then do not let your child pick up the book.
computers provide people with online news & this is definitely beneficial to their lives.
example i have a project in and i have to learn and search about forensic doctor and i search everything on the computer.
thank you for reading this letter, once again computers are good for the study!
i hope you go out and buy a computer after reading this!
sure she failed once but she is strong and willing to try again.
friends and family are extremely important in peoples lives.
another good thing about the is it offers mostly reliable information.
as we have the choice to read what we want to, authors have a choice on what they want to write about.
he explains that they were all united because the country was filled with racism.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting affects the story very much for many reasons.
in conclusion, the water being bad, the terrain change.
they should make a policy to allow older kids to check them out.
this is why computers are beneficial to the society.
there is also no risk of anyone reading your mail.
they would be stuck reading books where they do not learn anything.
therefore it is their responsibility to put books into the library and take books out.
the author proves and says how we as grateful.
with the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday.
if the books and magazines are labeled, then a person can just stay away from what he or she finds offensive.
some readers who read such things can turn those words into action.
mood in this memoir is enjoyable.
tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
last but not least, computers people are world in communicate with each other.
we should not result to censoring books, movies, and music in libraries and other places just to try make people happy.
this is a great way to educated.
all activities came to a standstill.
i have read many different things in my lifetime so far.
as she sees the geese adapting she chooses to try.
who knew that playing on the could get you so far in life?!
the new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chat or cellphones where you could take pictures, they do have negative effects.
the next time the setting affect is used is when he comes for a building that was rusted out.
we are all the same deep down inside.
through all of this, they have returned little to society.
sometimes life can be so cool.
those magazines just show everything they have all type of naked photos in them.
this presents him with his first doubt and he continues with caution.
but that just be because that is the way they were raised, causing them to think in that same respect.
i have an that went to and is now in , and we sometimes talk to him over chat when he was in .
in conclusion, censorship should be kept in libraries.
this paragraph links these two symbols together, so the reader can relate them to the spring.
this is a reason i wish censorship was in our local libraries.
there is only one reason why we should keep certain materials out of the library.
all these features were working against him until he finally made it to a bait store.
any information that they might read or hear is something that they are going to find out sooner or later anyway.
for movies they tell you things like ', ' and other things like that.
books are meant to be read and interpreted by the reader.
computers was one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims.
once she plans it, things start to look up.
i, without slight hesitation, stand against censorship in every way.
the author uses symbolism when, he talks about the hibiscus because it is a strong plant just like the girl needs to be to pass the driving test.
imagine your favorite book, song, and movie.
my hobby is gardening.
he did everything he could do to not losing his mind.
a child could be on the internet and something accidentally pops up.
every single book that is made today has a right to be read.
in conclusion, you understand what you can and cannot read.
those are some reasons why the mood of the memoir is grateful.
the author creates a grateful mood.
if we do not learn from their mistakes, history repeat itself.
children are very curious.
one least example towards the of computers their are many websites that you can.
yes, if libraries or stores find anything offensive on their racks, then they need to censor it before it corrupts any more minds
when the cyclist reached the bait store, he probably felt much better, and very relieved to have gotten there before he had a heat stroke.
my mothers works on a computer she would loose her job.
out of have said they are their are spending to each time on the computer.
in matters of censorship, i find it to be pointless.
the plant signifies her memories.
learning could also be a big faster in getting people out of their computer chairs.
or if they think people are neglecting their families have people work less so they can go home and see their families.
everyone loves entertainment but to put a limit on it is unfair.
children will not be able to proceed in this section.
or listen to it.
obviously, this is how computers have a positive effect.
people spend to much time on the .
when seeing and hearing things, children start to believe it.
just comes to show one of the best benefits of computers: their ability to display the most current information.
and they older what then what they say.
do you want to lose a friend or family member?
where would be without computers to find information rapidly?
dear local newspaper, are computers a bad thing?
overall, the cyclist suffered a loss of energy on his journey.
when there at that age in there life so there going to find out some how or another.
another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational.
this conclusion of the story provides a sense of hope for the future.
the media that adults find offensive should not be published and out in the open for children to see and listen to.
and the only i could talk to them outside of school was on a computer.
i know that i am always finding the computer useful.
there will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer.
in a resent survey it showed that teenagers stay on the computers the most.
if you have a friend that you can instant message them.
in a public library, many children, who the books are censored for, are with their parents.
please read on to finish reading my letter.
computers have many effects on people these days.
this student should have no better source for information than a library.
in the end, home is about relationships rather than physical space.
most of the students take their lunch boxes and sit in the playground.
magazines are the least offensive object that is placed on a shelf.
these life of can also become dangerous.
lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research.
whether you see nothing around.
to value one opinion or perspective less than another is to debase the entire culture from which libraries have arisen.
first, i believe that if this policy were to be in effect in libraries, there would not be many books left on the shelf.
people use messaging and its also a way getting connected to others.
we have read about many conquerors like, alexander the great, julius caesar, nepolean etc.
have no fear the online textbook is here!
if a person has an interest in a book, they should be able to read it if they so choose.
if they started taking them off our shelves and off the big screens, people would lose jobs.
when camels are traveling in the desert, food is often very hard to find.
people face obstacles all the time.
do you like going on the computer?
do not get me wrong, these websites are fun and cool.
the mood of this memoir is warm and friendly.
the answer to that would probably be sit down in front a computer all day.
computers cause you to turn away from them.
there was a big snake in the road.
should one take offense to a certain book, they have their own freedom to write a negative blog or report on it.
it was completely dark. '
finally, the cyclist felt relieved upon seeing the fish camp.
it is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also!
that is a job for a computer.
the ending quote was said to bring hope and like to her and she sort of promises to herself that it will get better.
that is what i would do.
most likely, they would not even notice a change.
to begin, the internet (provided with most home desktop computers) can teach us a lot about the world around us.
they let us learn about far away places without us even having to leave our homes.
have you ever been in the situation when you can' ?
surprising enough a majority of the indecent language can be found in the young adult section.
questions such as this have plagued humanity for hundreds of years, and there is no simple solution.
since the is a public place, and people can not just throw away a book because that is offensive.
some content not be suitable to younger kids.
so, you see that there are many different statements about offensive stuff being told to their children.
their innocent minds do not ponder the meanings of life or of love, but curiosity does grab every child now and then.
so hopefully you can see what a bad affect computers have.
every single person has had some type of education.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
on one side, parents are worried about what their children have access to at local libraries.
one of the many ways is, they teach you hand eye coordination.
my leaves are used for various decoration in the special occasions.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
this method is widely used today in the modern world.
the author concludes this story with the paragraph because she is proving how something from a memory can make someone determined.
lets say you had a job designing houses to be built.
removing all of these offending books, you would basically be removing half the books in the library.
libraries carry many different kinds of books.
if the setting were different, this story would not have been as traumatic.
you newer know what would happen.
finally, authors should not be punished for writing something they believe in or like.
if you want to chat with your friend go to a place out.
if you want to get homework done and you have a computer, it gets you off topic.
i got up and got all the materials and sit back down.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
and you are not aloud to, unless given permission to from the creator.
the music i am with it being taken out of the libraries.
being on the computer takes a lot out on the body.
more over, people will enjoy nature on a desktop instead of in person.
if someone does find an item offensive though, they should be able to request that a label be put on the item to further warn other readers.
you also use the computer to do work.
even though they first came to the .
for kids when they go on computers they are doing things they enjoy.
by taking out some books not everyone would be happy.
yes, there are crimes and indecencies happening as you read this.
it is now in the hands of the , whether our kids grow up to be the future of , or the joke of .
she will take the test a second time and pass.
not all people agree with what should be aloud in a public area.
books that are extremely offensive should be taken off the shelf or not put in a library.
another example of the mood the author sets is what he thinks of his culture.
when in the desert one must keep cool or perish.
father was happy, my sister was happy and i was very much happy.
you see the struggle, the hurt, and the pain the family goes through as starts to walk with the monster, also known as .
since technology is advancing, more and more people are going out to buy computers.
this helped her learn to type.
however, she lost interest over time.
the main feature is the heat.
whether it be going to the movies or just going to the library, children can see all the violence and misbehaving going on in the world today.
the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and a lazy breeze is flowing through the trees.
this topic is just too abstract to be regulated.
if children watch a scary movie, then nightmares seem to occur more often.
this is because computers offer many ways to be social, such as social networking sites.
going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people.
when it comes to offensive material, i think that should not be taken off the shelf but put into a different place in the library.
people dump garbage into waterways.
that is why i think the author used such a powerful statement at the end.
yet if this is truly the case, why does the censorship debate still rage?
the memoir shows that even if you are poor, with your family and friends, you can be happy.
a production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them.
he get low on water & the setting is horrible.
many people do this and try to encourage their family and friends to do it with them.
so now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not?
many find swear words in writing or violence to be very offensive.
also when he arrived from his journey he found a deserted town.
i think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids.
another reason why i the exports are right about people and computers is to learn about nature and learn how to do things.
i think that there should be no censoring of libraries.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
when these people see you on the computer, kind of example does it set?
a library is meant to be the place where you can go to work in peace and have a helpful resource of educational books.
this creatively loving setting gives the reader a sense of comfort when reading the piece.
this is second reason.
the gypsies use donkeys to carry
that contributed to the evil practice of expecting money on the slightest pretext from the patients or their relatives.
when people use too much computers, their eyes start to hurt and lead to a headaches as well.
this is how a library serves a community
over the years they would of never done that, and rent movies or buy them to have on your .
also, they are very addictive.
computers allow people to easily.
the first reason i think that computers have a positive affect on society is because its gives you lots of information.
the computer has a lot of fun games that you can play.
if someone wants to write a book on what they think is right then they are allowed to do that.
last summer when my grandfather came to visit us, he took me to the museum.
if the libraries but the wrong things on the shelves they might end up in a law suit.
there is two things that are going to happen.
in spring, the nights are cold but the days are sunny.
when you go to the library, what kind of books do you look for?
knowledge, no matter the content, is valuable.
on each video there is a place to leave feedback on whether you liked or dislike said video.
so, who would be the judge of whether a material is offensive of not?
do you hear the humming of the computer the clicking of the buttons?
dear newspaper editor, i am writing to tell you about the censorship in the libraries of .
everyone i hangout with is not in to freaky novels.
you must learn to deal with .
way too people get away with way too many things in this day and age.
they might not agree on the point of the book or certain viewpoints in the text.
many of the books i choose are relatable to reality, which often involves content that be considered explicit.
what do you do when you have no book for a specific subject?
dear , i think that computers affect our country in a positive way.
of all the places, taking things off of the library shelves is not going to do justice of what really needs to be done
finally i think people should have to give up reading, listening to, watching or looking at things that be interesting to them
people today are too worried about other people.
the features of the setting affect the cyclists in a big way because roads had bottles in then that could have caused him to get really hurt.
please heed my advice and use the internet and computer.
see her anymore.
also, as us kids are growing up, we have too many advantages because of computers.
well at least my life it is.
secondly, if children have a computer at home their parents should be limiting the time and what exactly they could do on the computer.
they were all struggling immigrants who had sacrificed a lot.
there are some downsides to having computer in the house.
their only son was prince rahul
my last reason is this technology can be a good way of protecting this country.
it also shows people around the world the culture, style, language and many more facts about places around the world.
he tried the pumps but he explains how a far like substance oozed out, followed by brackish water feeling somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
my mom goes to school and she tells me how she never has time to study because she always on the internet.
, computers have great benefits to our society.
computers are great technology, but they have a terrible impact on peoples lives!
if everything offensive were to be taken away, what would be left?
i can see how censorship is very useful and important.
among those effects are ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of find entertainment.
some books, magazines, and movies contain cold hard facts about the past years of our world and are too vile for anyone.
no late fees and no waiting lists.
would you want your kid to lie to you about where they were going or what they saw?
i know you be thinking that it would be a better experience to go to the but, it is really expensive to go to very faraway countries.
if they do not want to buy it then they should simply move on to another shelf or to a completely different store.
if its all down hill, its really easy, but all uphill is hard, level terrain is fairly easy.
many record keeping systems are switching to computers now.
therefore it is better that such things are left up to the person themselves.
grown ups need them to work.
the computer has a lot of games you ran play on so it would keep you doing something.
the features of the setting that affect the cyclist are the conditions of the road and weather.
the cyclist mood seems to change as the road and setting does.
his destination on a dry day.
when he starts out, it is an early summer evening, he is serene while he is talking to the old men.
could use it for related could use it for .
dear editor, i think that people are spending too much time on the computer.
they control life in the major part.
the truth is that there is a line that should not be crossed, and some books cross this line, and are banned.
maybe they were being burned because the looked down upon its story and its fictional stories, but that does not mean it should be banned from the libraries.
it was an adult book and want into vivid detail about the relationship of a sexually active older couple.
a feature is something specific about some thing else.
the mood is also sad.
you can find information from the weather to where your family history comes from.
they would take any job they could find.
what is the world going to do?
a hobby removes the dullness of man.
cries of mothers children whom they from.
but it is not something that had to be done all the time.
and only occasionally would he get an or two from his asking how his days was.
email and have only given us a decrease in our already terrible communication skills.
as i read this i could feel a warm welcoming from home.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
this is because we would get less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends.
this debris and snake made him stop because he got scared and slowed him down.
also, not the miles into the next section of the ride, he noticed a terrain change.
computers are very helpful they are a very big part in are world, ability to learn about very interesting facts, and they allow people talk online too.
a person who not have children might say, ' one little joke can hurt.'
now you can use this technology as a tool not a game.
people stop losing their focus on important, and start paying attention on other things like the, was a great person.
all through life people are urged to think outside of the box.
they are not spending time with the family instead they would like to spend their free time on the .
now i know that those magazines are, for some, a point of interest, but to others they seem a tad bit crude.
with the way things are today its almost impossible for a kid to pick something up and not read about drugs or violence.
also, some of these games might be inappropriate for younger players.
so this gives them an opportunity to see what is wrong with it if they are exposed to these things at a certain age.
censorship has taken a turn in public libraries, but still has been strictly forbidden from school libraries.
yesterday my emailed me a picture of a cub bear in a tree outside of his cabin he was playing in, in for.
the best thing you can do is put it down and think to yourself that it is not directed towards you.
he is not a rich man.
everyone feels that one book or another if offensive to them and if we take away those books we will have nothing left in our libraries
it keeps you in touch with friends if your on vacation from school.
after all, winter is no time for a flower.
secondly, some children spend more time in the grate indoors than the outdoors.
the main characters job as a fireman is not to put out fires, but to set books on fire that encourage people to think.
what would you do if you had something you loved taken away from you?
such as or .
i know you might think that computers can make families get further apart but they actually bring them closer together.
i have a feeling that person is not going to be happy and you will have some explaining to do.
i, personally, can not stand rap music but my sister loves it.
also phones are safe so they cant get viruses and strangers cant look at your personal information, finding out where you live.
your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself.
the features of a setting could be a number of different things.
computer are also helpful for applying for like you can look for you like.
there is no doubt that every child sitting here loves and respects their father and mother.
computers are one of the only ways that people fighting in the wars can talk to their relatives.
movies too, if somebody wants that kind of material they need to go else where to find it.
the last reason why computers and laptops effect people is because of hacking.
people should have the right to read what they want to read, even if the book or magazine comes from a school library.
so instead of having a chat over the computer screen, plan a meeting in person.
there are very many view points of this topic.
i know this because of the sign that he saw that said rough road ahead; do not exceed posted speed ).
for example, i mostly have how time to go on the computer.
this can be a problem in some ways if kids are exposed to this material that they are reading.
spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are dangerous to young teens.
say growing up your favorite books were the .
no mind is the same, so no mind will ever like exactly the same thing.
but you can get emails and instant message ways.
in the end, the adult section needs to stay in our libraries.
this biker is riding in the middle of a desert on a summers day.
i am also aware that people just be worried about their children watching movies, listening to songs, or reading books that are not appropriate for them.
i like to hang out with my friends and in order to do that you have to make plans.
in conclusion, computers should be advanced.
the real question is, though, is do you think computers have a negative or positive effect on people?
on a computer you can do many things to never get bored.
i feel that there should not be censorship in libraries.
this way, people get what they want, and they have some time off of , too.
all people should have a computer.
the mood of this story is happy in the author really shows how much of the love their parents and what they did for them.
technology is there to make the world a happier , healthier, and more social place.
lastly, is a website where you can add friends from all around the world!
first the weather will affect the cyclist because in hot weather you lose a lot of water and you sweat a lot making it hard to pedal.
the cyclist thought he was going to die.
i mean people go to special websites just to talk to friends.
street fights are becoming more and more frequent.
everyone is different and unique in the world and they have their own unique opinions.
we as a planet need to turn to , the only good thing.
parents stress all the time about where their kids are, what they are doing, who they are with, and so on.
she can simply type the question in on her computer and get hundreds of answers.
when we have any problem, books give us the correct advice.
the sharp bitter melon and the hibiscus.
she is afraid that her parents are going to be mad at for not passing the test, therefore she buys a flower that she sees for it remind.
or have you ever just wanted to catch up with an old friend?
so by ending it with this and comparing to the geese, its showing that she is getting stronger.
many people read books and many do enjoy it but many people do find books offensive.
i know that now and understand it now what they wanted for me.
i have relatives in that i only get to see once a year.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
many say that ignorance is bliss, but is it really when people impose their ideas on others?
there was nothing insight for the cyclist to see.
we used to have about .
we have the freedom of speech in the .
computers are addicting.
if someone has no interest in reading a book because of the thoughts maintained inside of the text; the book must be stripped from the public.
second, the help people talk to friends and family using .
moreover you can watch movies online anytime, form wide section such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even children films.
the internet, and overall help in future situations.
she finds hibiscus where she is now and it is a semblance and reminder of her old home.
in all the students in grade ten just got done reading ' of .'
when she grows again like a flower she will go prove to past that test.
i think teacher teach to grow interested in a subject and give basic ideas about any subject.
then they would get in trouble.
the plant is not in its native home, faces many difficulties; the cold its small pot, and even its general surrounding.
i personally think that profanity is a good and bad i like it in music and movies but i hate it when people talk trash.
just think if they would have censored those ideas.
the reason for this is that they are spending too much time online and not outdoors and exercising.
after that extent, the kids would be learning too much at such a young age.
when you think about chatting to people do you think communicating in person or communicating by aim?
since you are sitting not doing anything else you start to eat a lot of snacks.
if you plan to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you movie times, directions, and how long the movie will be.
computers give you access to talking with your friends.
i think that they should have any an every kind of book, magazine, an movie you want at the library.
middle school student.
the computer is good for doing homework you cant then always .
in a recent poll out of people say that computers had made them more social.
overall, i think that it would be best for everyone if we had a time on computers to the whole day on them.
the mood created by this is, it makes the reader think about his family and what they have sacrificed for you.
debates are a main part of our society today.
get a computer now!
libraries can put age approval marks on certain books to permit only certain age groups to read them.
people who live on opposite sides of the world can communicate in an instant, for free.
lastly, in the future everything will eventually be run with computers, they are the then now and later!
although there is much good items in a library, there is also bad or offensive items in a library as well.
because of an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families.
so why would we not have the same rights?
if they hurt your feelings then you know not to read, listen or watch it again.
parents should also use caution when letting your child go to the movies with friends.
there are books on science, geography, history, economics, political science, sociology, and literature.
it teaches us about everything & everything.
a farmer’s job is to plow the fields and sow the seeds.
obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes.
the long wooden benches on the platform are always full of
my friend found a website with very detailed information for an essay.
i would not like to turn on the television and see these things everywhere, but it could educate people on what and what not to do.
you can drive a person crazy.
but, no.
he said i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
you can use it for research, organization, and business matters.
it shows and tells how grateful he is.
have you ever been looking for a book only to find it band from all local stores?
the author chose to end the story this way to give it a positive ending.
at the beginning of the ride, the cyclist is feeling good and strong and the day as well as the journey, is just beginning.
we would learn this and would be able to teach others.
who wins, the people who find then offensive or the people who enjoy them?
computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things.
a street hawker has no fixed price.
spring season is the best time for doing any work.
music is the same way.
just because, a person does not appreciate their child picking up a book they should not have.
they could also find interesting things to see in that country.
also, obscene graphic material in movies and in magazines.
there are no natural water sources for the cyclist to refill his bottles of water.
in opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us.
say, maybe some sort of book that highly deals with drugs, alcohol or even sex?
the computer has also the way of communication.
in conclusion, i do not think offensive materials should be remove.
computers have helped so many people do so many things!
lastly you basically do anything on a computer.
the child get in trouble by there guardian.
computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes.
is unacceptable for there to be only educational books because who knows what your there for?
she will take the test again.
i was doing a water depleting .
until recently we had the freedom to convey our thoughts, no matter what those thoughts were, in any form of media.
if your going to get information on a topic that you know nothing about, it would be nice to find a book telling all about the topic.
first of all he explains how much he loves his parents.
you want my opinion on the effects computers have on people?
and it can teach you things, too.
how exactly does the make computers have a creative on society?
for example he is in the desert and it is very hot outside.
there are people who hate change.
there is no way around it.
we need them!
also keep out of kids reach.
everyone will have very good points on either using, or not using censorship in the library.
computers teach kids hand eye coordination, which can come in handy when playing sports.
they were the ones who let their watch that movie in the first place.
i at once rushed outside.
however, because one cannot effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects, this is a difficult statement to make.
some people do not agree that computers are good.
the cyclist only packed enough water for the intended trip.
secondly, the computers has all the latest news happening all over the world.
they can talk, send pictures, or play games.
a computer is just a simpler way to look up information.
computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family.
would this not get on your nerves?
so should we take the books that only the majority of the people think are offensive off the shelves, or should we keep them anyways?
it can be seen, how work gets done faster, however the cost of medical treatments actually surpasses the little extra profit gained by modernizing.
using the computer to go on multiple websites, is actually easier.
books and stories are meant to push the mark of what has been written and what can be written.
it gives a deeper look into information about these things.
one of the greatest is the freedom of speech.
third, communication are going to be a hole lot with computers.
plus they can be helpful with homework.
along with using their advice he faces abandoned ghost towns that they said were thriving spots.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
there are no other people in there, no establishments, towns, etc.
although many some say that computers are not good for society, most know that life without computers would be a disaster.
this makes the cyclist think all hope is lost.
you need to think of everybody, not just yourself.
no more stories will be here to entertain us, but the ones memorized.
my father bought three tickets and we all walked into the zoo.
it is denying the composers their right to freedom of speech.
but on the other hand, we do not want your children getting hold to the censorship of bad book, movie, music or magazines.
and will forever be an on growing matter in problems around the .
i understand how exercise is essential to your body, however, talking with friends is important too.
has this ever happened to you?
i love to read during the day.
for the books that are for older , movies that are rated , or magazines such as .
was founded on the basis of freedoms; freedom of speech, freedom of thought.
they might not want to get away from the computer.
in the story it says the sun was beginning to beat down.
now if books stores sell these books to underage children without parent consent, there can be charges pressed.
music that you hear on the radio is filled with suggestive lyrics.
i think so because without books less people would want to read and not learn.
that is just one example of how you will always get around listening to what you want to hear.
not only does the settings affect the cyclist but the entire story around him.
history is a big part of life that everyone one should know.
take for example, you could learn their culture and the they celebrate and why.
you can walk away if you notice something you find offensive or you stay away from that area of the library.
i like playing games and editing videos, so i got an outstanding graphics car that has outstanding speeds for rendering videos.
the type of mood that was created by the author is a warm and mood.
libraries are full of all different sorts of books, movies and magazines.
the last reason why we should have computer.
it is never intended to offend someone, or bring bad to the world.
it seems to me, in my opinion that computers have more of a negative affect on people than positive.
the sun came out the next day and everyone logged onto their emails with a sigh of relief.
you can find your favorite song for your cellphone.
my opinion is that computers do benefit society.
next, i believe that all sexual activity material should be removed from libraries.
just read another book, or watch a different move.
do you want to look up information fast?
some of the material in the section is not always bad, sometimes it contains material over war, and recessions.
these experts be smart but they are wrong.
dear , , experts have been concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers, which is harmful to their health.
they live on the other side of the state, country, even world!
he could not get any water or any directions.
some books are not suitable for kids.
they can entertain you because there is games that you can play.
someone else say that what you find offensive, is no where near offensive to them.
these reasons support why we need to have computers.
allows someone to talk to another person using the computer.
education is very important especially in our economy today.
it would not be fair then to take off a book that someone might have learned something from just because you do not like it.
then there is the issue of offending people.
in conclusion, i was asked to write a paper to you seeing if i would like to keep computers or not.
an example of would be for a sixteen year old boy.
i like talking to people from all over the country.
this shows he is extremely determined.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
it would be a easier thing just to censor our libraries.
everything in the library might not offend some people.
but all of a sudden the second car took the lead.
we realize what actions bring what reactions.
this time is very pleasant.
taking away things does not mean your just taking away from one, it means your taking away from everyone.
i say this because if you think about it could in a factory is ran by some type of computer.
computers are good for if you need to find information about anything.
dear , in my opinion i think we should use computers.
i am before you it, or before buying the songs.
for example i learned how to type rapidly on a keyboard from a computer on a game called type to learn.
the libraries are organized into section by categories of books.
she encounters no buildings for a long time when she does encounter a building, it is abandoned and suggests that people left because of the landscape.
he felt grateful and thankful for his parents love and sacrifice.
the statement also concludes how you should never gave up.
there are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone.
the more people use the computer, the higher their blood pressure.
in this memoir the mood created by the author is gratefulness, happiness and unity.
i think high school students are smart enough to choose their own books.
not only was it rolling hills, it was also getting hotter.
next,, some family members go off to war.
i mean that he always had something to do.
books are now viewed with skepticism and once harmless movies and magazines are full of material no one should be reading or watching.
this is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way!
my third reason is that it help adult connect to different places at the world.
any popular material should be available at the library.
but what if there was () computer!
if they take offense to it then they have the right to ignore it.
dear , computers have both negative and positive affects on people.
they could also become physically tired if the incline of the hill is to steep.
the mood described in this memoir is mostly about love, unity, and culture.
later on when the cyclist reaches the rough terrain, he starts feeling exhaustion as he depletes his water supply.
have you ever been offended?
when people are on the internet they could learn just about anything they want to on the giant mass of information we call the internet.
now they are putting those same books in libraries.
in conclusion the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist because seeing nothing gives him no hope.
so if you are ever wondering weather or not to buy a computer i suggest you get one!
schools everywhere should use computer and keyboards for work instead of paper and pencil.
this can have a very negative affect.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist because it was really hot out, he had very little amount of water, and a long way to go.
i think that they should throw this book away.
yes it was a disappointment to her mother but she sort of understood why she brought the plant home.
the computer is a greet way to meet new people that share the same characteristics as you!!
some books have material that might not belong in the hands of children.
this is showing the readers confidence he has with himself before starting his trip.
for example, their are lots of websites that offer online tutoring or good ways to help you pass school.
he should know how to never trust any strangers and try things on his own.
dear newspaper editor, i think we should have internet, or computers at our houses.
this quote says it all, if everybody had their say in what is offensive or not then everything would be offensive.
my second reason .
i think instead of trying to deny teenagers the music the parents should explain why and let them make the decision.
she states this because she wants a completely new slate when she takes her test again.
things like that should not be in a public library.
the library could just set up a different section for certain things and people of certain age.
if the things that are in the book are true or are in real life.
three important reasons support this answer: freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and knowing everyone can find something that is offensive.
i think rated r movies should be allowed at high schools and any music should to i mean its not like we are in prison,right?
my grandfather has promised to take me to another museum next time he visits us.
people who pollute waterways should be punished severely.
it creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things.
society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it is always using the computer.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
both these books are popular even today.
and if i can do it, so can they.
she should be able to adapt to a new place just like they do.
and then she states that their wont be any books left for us.
when that is not true do to the fact that computers have.
computers are also not always dependable or safe.
the number homes that own computers and they rate each home owns!
the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road i would conserve my water and go inward for an hour or so.
he was pulled into our boat.
when he showed his love for his home and culture his parents had shown him made the feel uplifting.
you doing that is causing more trouble than it is actually worth.
it deals with the techniques of
computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things.
people become overweight also.
i thought everyone was treated by equal rights.
computers are needed in this day and age or else some people would not be able to survive without them.
these songs show us why children are having children, or doing drugs.
and your life will go by fast and you want notice it, your all fat and old.
so he moves on and finally he re aches life!
it quicker, and more reliable.
i would say this because even though books are good they use hard to find.
email has especially played a huge roll in our society, so as to help millions of people communicate when needed.
as an active member of the computer, i take part in all negative factors.
any materials that are found offensive should be placed in a special section of the adult area and customers should be warned in some way.
water is used by us in our everyday life.
we have not even seen half of what media can do
rose, hibiscus, lily, orchids, sunflower, dahlia, etc.
when asked if he need direction he say he has his own map so he can keep stick to the terrain he knows is rest.
in addition, computers teachers in organizing files and entering grades online so students can check their.
but what effect does this have on people?
students refuse to talk to their friend on the phone.
adults can help prevent harmful information from all children.
i think that if you take something off the shelf at a library, you can just taking away part of the heart.
that is what literature is about, writing.
people make their own decisions and that is their right.
if someone wanted to rent a book, and it was not appropriate for them to read, then the librarian or teacher would restrict that book from them.
so that shows that the computer can be fun, but also dangerous.
the author further emphasizes the mood by using words like aromas, passionate.
since there was rolling now, the cyclist had to keep cycling and drinking his water until he could find a place to stop.
in the memoir written by the author created a mood, that shines throughout the story.
the cyclist was exhausted as he was going up hill.
many facts needed for school are spread out in hundreds of books.
use a a real map!
people could then read these comments before checking out that item.
advances in technology are great.
without computers, i would have known none of this.
beliefs are important to people no matter their age, gender, sexuality, or their race.
using the computer is like smoking.
dear local newspaper, name is and writing to talk to you about how computers benefit society.
he and his whole family have respected each other and others.
with the world today, it is quiet easy to listen to the uncensored version that is shed from the radio.
also they have games for computers that people get hooked on.
also for the rated x magazines, movies, etc.
want to know what would also be a good way to connect, a webcam!
well in my opinion i think that they should not remove any books because people think that it can be offensive but other people be into those books.
his books contain subject matter and offensive crude language that would obviously not be deemed acceptable for most younger people.
dear , the use of computers does not benefit our society.
censorship in has been around for as long as their has been the various mediums of art.
music should not matter to parents, so there should be no problem there.
with computers, it makes it possible to go online, look up the , research it and plan a flight there a week later.
in many libraries, i know that they have certain areas for specific age groups of people like children, teenagers, and adults.
the next day i went to take my exam.
the author choose to end the story with that paragraph for emotional meanings.
the author might conclude the story with this because it shows that the girl had confidence that when the flower blooms she will be able to pass.
the settings effect the cyclist tremendously.
rough roads make him work hard to get through and then over the hills.
while many people enjoy the use computers, there is really not that great a need for them.
if keeping the material in libraries means individuals will become offended for very different reasons, let it be organized chaos.
computers have information when serious weather storms are coming and prepare us for the weather.
however, we still have to be reasonable about it.
libraries have people that come in and out of the library everyday.
, of people in the world use computers one time in their lives.
all the members of the staff love him.
i was staying in my room and watching the weather outside from my window.
this is why books, and magazines need to be censored in libraries all around the .
they should not be kept in the open for small children or for people who do not wish to see them.
the speed limit is also affect the cyclist.
its just wrong to see other people naked if u ask me.
dear , i have found that there has been a strong censorship in the libraries and i would like to express my strong disagreement for these actions.
this place might have been a thriving little spot at one time - say, before the last world war.
in addition to both of these reasons, students can obtain missing work and email the teacher from his household.
instead of looking through your hard drive you be looking over the or looking at the tower in or finally even going to in !
others might argue that they have the right to read, listen, and watch what they would like.
my uncle is one of those people.
however if you do, supervise them while they are there.
run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer.
they love all their friends and family and celebrate with then no matter what.
our own words forced down our throats, never allowed to come out.
another topic is magazines.
he was getting tired quick.
this discouragement must have made his journey more mentally challenging.
so why would you remove valuable information.
sure it might be pricey to
no one is going to have the same interest all the time.
the author of winter hibiscus probably chose to end the story that way because then its ending with a sense of hope.
the programs are constructed, then corrected and revised, then finally sent out all over the world.
have your old teachers ever assigned you a pen pal in another state or country?
what would we have to read about if we took most of the books out of the library?
when she saw the flower it reminded her of the times life she would get water from the well and and a flower was floating in it.
it can also teach you about tons of other things.
i helps us get updated on current events shows things that we want to do and shows us how to do it.
people have different views, we always have and we always will.
thin i you for taking so are time reading this.
it is up to them as to what they want to watch, not everybody else.
computers are expensive.
back to the point.
and are websites where you can chat with friends and see peoples pictures.
like one second they are happy and once they get off the computer they are sad.
dear , one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button.
