this of course involves something (or somebody) which (or who) sees the brown colour; but it does not of itself involve that more or less permanent person whom we call 'i'.
so far as immediate certainty goes, it might be that the something which sees the brown colour is quite momentary, and not the same as the something which has some different experience the next moment.
thus it is our particular thoughts and feelings that have primitive certainty.
and this applies to dreams and hallucinations as well as to normal perceptions: when we dream or see a ghost, we certainly do have the sensations we think we have, but for various reasons it is held that no physical object corresponds to these sensations.
thus the certainty of our knowledge of our own experiences does not have to be limited in any way to allow for exceptional cases.
here, therefore, we have, for what it is worth, a solid basis from which to begin our pursuit of knowledge.
the problem we have to consider is this: granted that we are certain of our own sense-data, have we any reason for regarding them as signs of the existence of something else, which we can call the physical object?
when we have enumerated all the sense-data which we should naturally regard as connected with the table, have we said all there is to say about the table, or is there still something else--something not a sense-datum, something which persists when we go out of the room?
common sense unhesitatingly answers that there is.
if the cloth completely hides the table, we shall derive no sense-data from the table, and therefore, if the table were merely sense-data, it would have ceased to exist, and the cloth would be suspended in empty air, resting, by a miracle, in the place where the table formerly was.
this seems plainly absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
one great reason why it is felt that we must secure a physical object in addition to the sense-data, is that we want the same object for different people.
when ten people are sitting round a dinner-table, it seems preposterous to maintain that they are not seeing the same tablecloth, the same knives and forks and spoons and glasses.
but the sense-data are private to each separate person; what is immediately present to the sight of one is not immediately present to the sight of another: they all see things from slightly different points of view, and therefore see them slightly differently.
thus, if there are to be public neutral objects, which can be in some sense known to many different people, there must be something over and above the private and particular sense-data which appear to various people.
what reason, then, have we for believing that there are such public neutral objects?
the first answer that naturally occurs to one is that, although different people may see the table slightly differently, still they all see more or less similar things when they look at the table, and the variations in what they see follow the laws of perspective and reflection of light, so that it is easy to arrive at a permanent object underlying all the different people's sense-data.
thus it is the fact that different people have similar sense-data, and that one person in a given place at different times has similar sense-data, which makes us suppose that over and above the sense-data there is a permanent public object which underlies or causes the sense-data of various people at various times.
now in so far as the above considerations depend upon supposing that there are other people besides ourselves, they beg the very question at issue.
other people are represented to me by certain sense-data, such as the sight of them or the sound of their voices, and if i had no reason to believe that there were physical objects independent of my sense-data, i should have no reason to believe that other people exist except as part of my dream.
thus, when we are trying to show that there must be objects independent of our own sense-data, we cannot appeal to the testimony of other people, since this testimony itself consists of sense-data, and does not reveal other people's experiences unless our own sense-data are signs of things existing independently of us.
we must therefore, if possible, find, in our own purely private experiences, characteristics which show, or tend to show, that there are in the world things other than ourselves and our private experiences.
in one sense it must be admitted that we can never prove the existence of things other than ourselves and our experiences.
no logical absurdity results from the hypothesis that the world consists of myself and my thoughts and feelings and sensations, and that everything else is mere fancy.
in dreams a very complicated world may seem to be present, and yet on waking we find it was a delusion; that is to say, we find that the sense-data in the dream do not appear to have corresponded with such physical objects as we should naturally infer from our sense-data.
(it is true that, when the physical world is assumed, it is possible to find physical causes for the sense-data in dreams: a door banging, for instance, may cause us to dream of a naval engagement.
but although, in this case, there is a physical cause for the sense-data, there is not a physical object corresponding to the sense-data in the way in which an actual naval battle would correspond.)
there is no logical impossibility in the supposition that the whole of life is a dream, in which we ourselves create all the objects that come before us.
but although this is not logically impossible, there is no reason whatever to suppose that it is true; and it is, in fact, a less simple hypothesis, viewed as a means of accounting for the facts of our own life, than the common-sense hypothesis that there really are objects independent of us, whose action on us causes our sensations.
the way in which simplicity comes in from supposing that there really are physical objects is easily seen.
if the cat appears at one moment in one part of the room, and at another in another part, it is natural to suppose that it has moved from the one to the other, passing over a series of intermediate positions.
but if it is merely a set of sense-data, it cannot have ever been in any place where i did not see it; thus we shall have to suppose that it did not exist at all while i was not looking, but suddenly sprang into being in a new place.
if the cat exists whether i see it or not, we can understand from our own experience how it gets hungry between one meal and the next; but if it does not exist when i am not seeing it, it seems odd that appetite should grow during non-existence as fast as during existence.
and if the cat consists only of sense-data, it cannot be hungry, since no hunger but my own can be a sense-datum to me.
thus the behaviour of the sense-data which represent the cat to me, though it seems quite natural when regarded as an expression of hunger, becomes utterly inexplicable when regarded as mere movements and changes of patches of colour, which are as incapable of hunger as a triangle is of playing football.
but the difficulty in the case of the cat is nothing compared to the difficulty in the case of human beings.
when human beings speak--that is, when we hear certain noises which we associate with ideas, and simultaneously see certain motions of lips and expressions of face--it is very difficult to suppose that what we hear is not the expression of a thought, as we know it would be if we emitted the same sounds.
of course similar things happen in dreams, where we are mistaken as to the existence of other people.
but dreams are more or less suggested by what we call waking life, and are capable of being more or less accounted for on scientific principles if we assume that there really is a physical world.
thus every principle of simplicity urges us to adopt the natural view, that there really are objects other than ourselves and our sense-data which have an existence not dependent upon our perceiving them.
of course it is not by argument that we originally come by our belief in an independent external world.
we should never have been led to question this belief but for the fact that, at any rate in the case of sight, it seems as if the sense-datum itself were instinctively believed to be the independent object, whereas argument shows that the object cannot be identical with the sense-datum.
since this belief does not lead to any difficulties, but on the contrary tends to simplify and systematize our account of our experiences, there seems no good reason for rejecting it.
we may therefore admit--though with a slight doubt derived from dreams--that the external world does really exist, and is not wholly dependent for its existence upon our continuing to perceive it.
the argument which has led us to this conclusion is doubtless less strong than we could wish, but it is typical of many philosophical arguments, and it is therefore worth while to consider briefly its general character and validity.
all knowledge, we find, must be built up upon our instinctive beliefs, and if these are rejected, nothing is left.
but among our instinctive beliefs some are much stronger than others, while many have, by habit and association, become entangled with other beliefs, not really instinctive, but falsely supposed to be part of what is believed instinctively.
philosophy should show us the hierarchy of our instinctive beliefs, beginning with those we hold most strongly, and presenting each as much isolated and as free from irrelevant additions as possible.
it should take care to show that, in the form in which they are finally set forth, our instinctive beliefs do not clash, but form a harmonious system.
there can never be any reason for rejecting one instinctive belief except that it clashes with others; thus, if they are found to harmonize, the whole system becomes worthy of acceptance.
this function, at least, philosophy can perform.
most philosophers, rightly or wrongly, believe that philosophy can do much more than this--that it can give us knowledge, not otherwise attainable, concerning the universe as a whole, and concerning the nature of ultimate reality.
whether this be the case or not, the more modest function we have spoken of can certainly be performed by philosophy, and certainly suffices, for those who have once begun to doubt the adequacy of common sense, to justify the arduous and difficult labours that philosophical problems involve.
that is to say, over and above the sensations of colour, hardness, noise, and so on, which make up the appearance of the table to me, i assume that there is something else, of which these things are appearances.
the colour ceases to exist if i shut my eyes, the sensation of hardness ceases to exist if i remove my arm from contact with the table, the sound ceases to exist if i cease to rap the table with my knuckles.
but i do not believe that when all these things cease the table ceases.
on the contrary, i believe that it is because the table exists continuously that all these sense-data will reappear when i open my eyes, replace my arm, and begin again to rap with my knuckles.
the question we have to consider in this chapter is: what is the nature of this real table, which persists independently of my perception of it?
to this question physical science gives an answer, somewhat incomplete it is true, and in part still very hypothetical, but yet deserving of respect so far as it goes.
physical science, more or less unconsciously, has drifted into the view that all natural phenomena ought to be reduced to motions.
light and heat and sound are all due to wave-motions, which travel from the body emitting them to the person who sees light or feels heat or hears sound.
that which has the wave-motion is either aether or 'gross matter', but in either case is what the philosopher would call matter.
the only properties which science assigns to it are position in space, and the power of motion according to the laws of motion.
a wave-motion, on the contrary, could quite well be described to a blind man, since he can acquire a knowledge of space by the sense of touch; and he can experience a wave-motion by a sea voyage almost as well as we can.
now this something, which all of us who are not blind know, is not, according to science, really to be found in the outer world: it is something caused by the action of certain waves upon the eyes and nerves and brain of the person who sees the light.
but light itself, the thing which seeing people experience and blind people do not, is not supposed by science to form any part of the world that is independent of us and our senses.
and very similar remarks would apply to other kinds of sensations.
to begin with, space as we see it is not the same as space as we get it by the sense of touch; it is only by experience in infancy that we learn how to touch things we see, or how to get a sight of things which we feel touching us.
but the space of science is neutral as between touch and sight; thus it cannot be either the space of touch or the space of sight.
again, different people see the same object as of different shapes, according to their point of view.
the real space is public, the apparent space is private to the percipient.
these physical objects are in the space of science, which we may call 'physical' space.
it is important to notice that, if our sensations are to be caused by physical objects, there must be a physical space containing these objects and our sense-organs and nerves and brain.
we get a sensation of touch from an object when we are in contact with it; that is to say, when some part of our body occupies a place in physical space quite close to the space occupied by the object.
we see an object (roughly speaking) when no opaque body is between the object and our eyes in physical space.
similarly, we only hear or smell or taste an object when we are sufficiently near to it, or when it touches the tongue, or has some suitable position in physical space relatively to our body.
we cannot begin to state what different sensations we shall derive from a given object under different circumstances unless we regard the object and our body as both in one physical space, for it is mainly the relative positions of the object and our body that determine what sensations we shall derive from the object.
now our sense-data are situated in our private spaces, either the space of sight or the space of touch or such vaguer spaces as other senses may give us.
if, as science and common sense assume, there is one public all-embracing physical space in which physical objects are, the relative positions of physical objects in physical space must more or less correspond to the relative positions of sense-data in our private spaces.
there is no difficulty in supposing this to be the case.
if we see on a road one house nearer to us than another, our other senses will bear out the view that it is nearer; for example, it will be reached sooner if we walk along the road.
other people will agree that the house which looks nearer to us is nearer; the ordnance map will take the same view; and thus everything points to a spatial relation between the houses corresponding to the relation between the sense-data which we see when we look at the houses.
thus we may assume that there is a physical space in which physical objects have spatial relations corresponding to those which the corresponding sense-data have in our private spaces.
it is this physical space which is dealt with in geometry and assumed in physics and astronomy.
assuming that there is physical space, and that it does thus correspond to private spaces, what can we know about it?
that is to say, we can know nothing of what it is like in itself, but we can know the sort of arrangement of physical objects which results from their spatial relations.
we can know, for example, that the earth and moon and sun are in one straight line during an eclipse, though we cannot know what a physical straight line is in itself, as we know the look of a straight line in our visual space.
we can know all those things about physical space which a man born blind might know through other people about the space of sight; but the kind of things which a man born blind could never know about the space of sight we also cannot know about physical space.
we can know the properties of the relations required to preserve the correspondence with sense-data, but we cannot know the nature of the terms between which the relations hold.
times when we are bored or suffering pain pass slowly, times when we are agreeably occupied pass quickly, and times when we are sleeping pass almost as if they did not exist.
thus, in so far as time is constituted by duration, there is the same necessity for distinguishing a public and a private time as there was in the case of space.
at any rate no reason can be given for supposing that the two orders are not the same.
the same is usually true of space: if a regiment of men are marching along a road, the shape of the regiment will look different from different points of view, but the men will appear arranged in the same order from all points of view.
hence we regard the order as true also in physical space, whereas the shape is only supposed to correspond to the physical space so far as is required for the preservation of the order.
in saying that the time-order which events seem to have is the same as the time-order which they really have, it is necessary to guard against a possible misunderstanding.
it must not be supposed that the various states of different physical objects have the same time-order as the sense-data which constitute the perceptions of those objects.
considered as physical objects, the thunder and lightning are simultaneous; that is to say, the lightning is simultaneous with the disturbance of the air in the place where the disturbance begins, namely, where the lightning is.
but the sense-datum which we call hearing the thunder does not take place until the disturbance of the air has travelled as far as to where we are.
similarly, it takes about eight minutes for the sun's light to reach us; thus, when we see the sun we are seeing the sun of eight minutes ago.
so far as our sense-data afford evidence as to the physical sun they afford evidence as to the physical sun of eight minutes ago; if the physical sun had ceased to exist within the last eight minutes, that would make no difference to the sense-data which we call 'seeing the sun'.
this affords a fresh illustration of the necessity of distinguishing between sense-data and physical objects.
what we have found as regards space is much the same as what we find in relation to the correspondence of the sense-data with their physical counterparts.
if one object looks blue and another red, we may reasonably presume that there is some corresponding difference between the physical objects; if two objects both look blue, we may presume a corresponding similarity.
but we cannot hope to be acquainted directly with the quality in the physical object which makes it look blue or red.
science tells us that this quality is a certain sort of wave-motion, and this sounds familiar, because we think of wave-motions in the space we see.
but the wave-motions must really be in physical space, with which we have no direct acquaintance; thus the real wave-motions have not that familiarity which we might have supposed them to have.
and what holds for colours is closely similar to what holds for other sense-data.
the question remains whether there is any other method of discovering the intrinsic nature of physical objects.
according to this view, physical objects will, for example, really have colours, and we might, by good luck, see an object as of the colour it really is.
the colour which an object seems to have at any given moment will in general be very similar, though not quite the same, from many different points of view; we might thus suppose the 'real' colour to be a sort of medium colour, intermediate between the various shades which appear from the different points of view.
such a theory is perhaps not capable of being definitely refuted, but it can be shown to be groundless.
to begin with, it is plain that the colour we see depends only upon the nature of the light-waves that strike the eye, and is therefore modified by the medium intervening between us and the object, as well as by the manner in which light is reflected from the object in the direction of the eye.
the intervening air alters colours unless it is perfectly clear, and any strong reflection will alter them completely.
thus the colour we see is a result of the ray as it reaches the eye, and not simply a property of the object from which the ray comes.
hence, also, provided certain waves reach the eye, we shall see a certain colour, whether the object from which the waves start has any colour or not.
thus it is quite gratuitous to suppose that physical objects have colours, and therefore there is no justification for making such a supposition.
exactly similar arguments will apply to other sense-data.
it remains to ask whether there are any general philosophical arguments enabling us to say that, if matter is real, it must be of such and such a nature.
as explained above, very many philosophers, perhaps most, have held that whatever is real must be in some sense mental, or at any rate that whatever we can know anything about must be in some sense mental.
such philosophers are called 'idealists'.
idealists tell us that what appears as matter is really something mental; namely, either (as leibniz held) more or less rudimentary minds, or (as berkeley contended) ideas in the minds which, as we should commonly say, 'perceive' the matter.
thus idealists deny the existence of matter as something intrinsically different from mind, though they do not deny that our sense-data are signs of something which exists independently of our private sensations.
in the following chapter we shall consider briefly the reasons--in my opinion fallacious--which idealists advance in favour of their theory.
we shall understand by it the doctrine that whatever exists, or at any rate whatever can be known to exist, must be in some sense mental.
this doctrine, which is very widely held among philosophers, has several forms, and is advocated on several different grounds.
the doctrine is so widely held, and so interesting in itself, that even the briefest survey of philosophy must give some account of it.
those who are unaccustomed to philosophical speculation may be inclined to dismiss such a doctrine as obviously absurd.
there is no doubt that common sense regards tables and chairs and the sun and moon and material objects generally as something radically different from minds and the contents of minds, and as having an existence which might continue if minds ceased.
we think of matter as having existed long before there were any minds, and it is hard to think of it as a mere product of mental activity.
but whether true or false, idealism is not to be dismissed as obviously absurd.
hence common sense leaves us completely in the dark as to the true intrinsic nature of physical objects, and if there were good reason to regard them as mental, we could not legitimately reject this opinion merely because it strikes us as strange.
it may be unattainable, but if any philosopher believes that he has attained it, the fact that what he offers as the truth is strange ought not to be made a ground of objection to his opinion.
the grounds on which idealism is advocated are generally grounds derived from the theory of knowledge, that is to say, from a discussion of the conditions which things must satisfy in order that we may be able to know them.
the first serious attempt to establish idealism on such grounds was that of bishop berkeley.
he proved first, by arguments which were largely valid, that our sense-data cannot be supposed to have an existence independent of us, but must be, in part at least, 'in' the mind, in the sense that their existence would not continue if there were no seeing or hearing or touching or smelling or tasting.
so far, his contention was almost certainly valid, even if some of his arguments were not so.
but he went on to argue that sense-data were the only things of whose existence our perceptions could assure us; and that to be known is to be 'in' a mind, and therefore to be mental.
hence he concluded that nothing can ever be known except what is in some mind, and that whatever is known without being in my mind must be in some other mind.
in order to understand his argument, it is necessary to understand his use of the word 'idea'.
thus a particular colour which we see is an idea; so is a voice which we hear, and so on.
but the term is not wholly confined to sense-data.
there will also be things remembered or imagined, for with such things also we have immediate acquaintance at the moment of remembering or imagining.
all such immediate data he calls 'ideas'.
he then proceeds to consider common objects, such as a tree, for instance.
he shows that all we know immediately when we 'perceive' the tree consists of ideas in his sense of the word, and he argues that there is not the slightest ground for supposing that there is anything real about the tree except what is perceived.
he fully admits that the tree must continue to exist even when we shut our eyes or when no human being is near it.
but this continued existence, he says, is due to the fact that god continues to perceive it; the 'real' tree, which corresponds to what we called the physical object, consists of ideas in the mind of god, ideas more or less like those we have when we see the tree, but differing in the fact that they are permanent in god's mind so long as the tree continues to exist.
all our perceptions, according to him, consist in a partial participation in god's perceptions, and it is because of this participation that different people see more or less the same tree.
thus apart from minds and their ideas there is nothing in the world, nor is it possible that anything else should ever be known, since whatever is known is necessarily an idea.
there are in this argument a good many fallacies which have been important in the history of philosophy, and which it will be as well to bring to light.
in the first place, there is a confusion engendered by the use of the word 'idea'.
we think of an idea as essentially something in somebody's mind, and thus when we are told that a tree consists entirely of ideas, it is natural to suppose that, if so, the tree must be entirely in minds.
but the notion of being 'in' the mind is ambiguous.
we speak of bearing a person in mind, not meaning that the person is in our minds, but that a thought of him is in our minds.
when a man says that some business he had to arrange went clean out of his mind, he does not mean to imply that the business itself was ever in his mind, but only that a thought of the business was formerly in his mind, but afterwards ceased to be in his mind.
and so when berkeley says that the tree must be in our minds if we can know it, all that he really has a right to say is that a thought of the tree must be in our minds.
to argue that the tree itself must be in our minds is like arguing that a person whom we bear in mind is himself in our minds.
this confusion may seem too gross to have been really committed by any competent philosopher, but various attendant circumstances rendered it possible.
in order to see how it was possible, we must go more deeply into the question as to the nature of ideas.
before taking up the general question of the nature of ideas, we must disentangle two entirely separate questions which arise concerning sense-data and physical objects.
we saw that, for various reasons of detail, berkeley was right in treating the sense-data which constitute our perception of the tree as more or less subjective, in the sense that they depend upon us as much as upon the tree, and would not exist if the tree were not being perceived.
but this is an entirely different point from the one by which berkeley seeks to prove that whatever can be immediately known must be in a mind.
for this purpose arguments of detail as to the dependence of sense-data upon us are useless.
it is necessary to prove, generally, that by being known, things are shown to be mental.
this is what berkeley believes himself to have done.
it is this question, and not our previous question as to the difference between sense-data and the physical object, that must now concern us.
taking the word 'idea' in berkeley's sense, there are two quite distinct things to be considered whenever an idea is before the mind.
there is on the one hand the thing of which we are aware--say the colour of my table--and on the other hand the actual awareness itself, the mental act of apprehending the thing.
the mental act is undoubtedly mental, but is there any reason to suppose that the thing apprehended is in any sense mental?
our previous arguments concerning the colour did not prove it to be mental; they only proved that its existence depends upon the relation of our sense organs to the physical object--in our case, the table.
that is to say, they proved that a certain colour will exist, in a certain light, if a normal eye is placed at a certain point relatively to the table.
they did not prove that the colour is in the mind of the percipient.
berkeley's view, that obviously the colour must be in the mind, seems to depend for its plausibility upon confusing the thing apprehended with the act of apprehension.
either of these might be called an 'idea'; probably either would have been called an idea by berkeley.
the act is undoubtedly in the mind; hence, when we are thinking of the act, we readily assent to the view that ideas must be in the mind.
then, forgetting that this was only true when ideas were taken as acts of apprehension, we transfer the proposition that 'ideas are in the mind' to ideas in the other sense, i.e.
to the things apprehended by our acts of apprehension.
thus, by an unconscious equivocation, we arrive at the conclusion that whatever we can apprehend must be in our minds.
this seems to be the true analysis of berkeley's argument, and the ultimate fallacy upon which it rests.
this question of the distinction between act and object in our apprehending of things is vitally important, since our whole power of acquiring knowledge is bound up with it.
the faculty of being acquainted with things other than itself is the main characteristic of a mind.
acquaintance with objects essentially consists in a relation between the mind and something other than the mind; it is this that constitutes the mind's power of knowing things.
if we say that the things known must be in the mind, we are either unduly limiting the mind's power of knowing, or we are uttering a mere tautology.
if we mean merely being apprehended by the mind.
thus when we realize the nature of knowledge, berkeley's argument is seen to be wrong in substance as well as in form, and his grounds for supposing that 'ideas'--i.e.
the objects apprehended--must be mental, are found to have no validity whatever.
hence his grounds in favour of idealism may be dismissed.
it remains to see whether there are any other grounds.
it is often said, as though it were a self-evident truism, that we cannot know that anything exists which we do not know.
it is inferred that whatever can in any way be relevant to our experience must be at least capable of being known by us; whence it follows that if matter were essentially something with which we could not become acquainted, matter would be something which we could not know to exist, and which could have for us no importance whatever.
it is generally also implied, for reasons which remain obscure, that what can have no importance for us cannot be real, and that therefore matter, if it is not composed of minds or of mental ideas, is impossible and a mere chimaera.
to go into this argument fully at our present stage would be impossible, since it raises points requiring a considerable preliminary discussion; but certain reasons for rejecting the argument may be noticed at once.
but if this sort of interest is included, it is not the case that matter has no importance for us, provided it exists even if we cannot know that it exists.
we can, obviously, suspect that it may exist, and wonder whether it does; hence it is connected with our desire for knowledge, and has the importance of either satisfying or thwarting this desire.
again, it is by no means a truism, and is in fact false, that we cannot know that anything exists which we do not know.
the word 'know' is here used in two different senses.
this is the sense in which we know sense-data.
thus the statement which seemed like a truism becomes, when re-stated, the following: 'we can never truly judge that something with which we are not acquainted exists.'
this is by no means a truism, but on the contrary a palpable falsehood.
i have not the honour to be acquainted with the emperor of china, but i truly judge that he exists.
it may be said, of course, that i judge this because of other people's acquaintance with him.
this, however, would be an irrelevant retort, since, if the principle were true, i could not know that any one else is acquainted with him.
but further: there is no reason why i should not know of the existence of something with which nobody is acquainted.
this point is important, and demands elucidation.
if i am acquainted with a thing which exists, my acquaintance gives me the knowledge that it exists.
but it is not true that, conversely, whenever i can know that a thing of a certain sort exists, i or some one else must be acquainted with the thing.
in order to understand this point fully, it will be well first to deal with the difference between knowledge by acquaintance and knowledge by description, and then to consider what knowledge of general principles, if any, has the same kind of certainty as our knowledge of the existence of our own experiences.
these subjects will be dealt with in the following chapters.
in this chapter we shall be concerned exclusively with knowledge of things, of which in turn we shall have to distinguish two kinds.
but first of all we must make clear what we mean by 'acquaintance' and what we mean by 'description'.
thus in the presence of my table i am acquainted with the sense-data that make up the appearance of my table--its colour, shape, hardness, smoothness, etc.
; all these are things of which i am immediately conscious when i am seeing and touching my table.
the particular shade of colour that i am seeing may have many things said about it--i may say that it is brown, that it is rather dark, and so on.
but such statements, though they make me know truths about the colour, do not make me know the colour itself any better than i did before so far as concerns knowledge of the colour itself, as opposed to knowledge of truths about it, i know the colour perfectly and completely when i see it, and no further knowledge of it itself is even theoretically possible.
thus the sense-data which make up the appearance of my table are things with which i have acquaintance, things immediately known to me just as they are.
my knowledge of the table as a physical object, on the contrary, is not direct knowledge.
such as it is, it is obtained through acquaintance with the sense-data that make up the appearance of the table.
we have seen that it is possible, without absurdity, to doubt whether there is a table at all, whereas it is not possible to doubt the sense-data.
my knowledge of the table is of the kind which we shall call 'knowledge by description'.
the table is 'the physical object which causes such-and-such sense-data'.
this describes the table by means of the sense-data.
in order to know anything at all about the table, we must know truths connecting it with things with which we have acquaintance: we must know that 'such-and-such sense-data are caused by a physical object'.
there is no state of mind in which we are directly aware of the table; all our knowledge of the table is really knowledge of truths, and the actual thing which is the table is not, strictly speaking, known to us at all.
we know a description, and we know that there is just one object to which this description applies, though the object itself is not directly known to us.
in such a case, we say that our knowledge of the object is knowledge by description.
all our knowledge, both knowledge of things and knowledge of truths, rests upon acquaintance as its foundation.
it is therefore important to consider what kinds of things there are with which we have acquaintance.
sense-data, as we have already seen, are among the things with which we are acquainted; in fact, they supply the most obvious and striking example of knowledge by acquaintance.
but if they were the sole example, our knowledge would be very much more restricted than it is.
we should only know what is now present to our senses: we could not know anything about the past--not even that there was a past--nor could we know any truths about our sense-data, for all knowledge of truths, as we shall show, demands acquaintance with things which are of an essentially different character from sense-data, the things which are sometimes called 'abstract ideas', but which we shall call 'universals'.
we have therefore to consider acquaintance with other things besides sense-data if we are to obtain any tolerably adequate analysis of our knowledge.
it is obvious that we often remember what we have seen or heard or had otherwise present to our senses, and that in such cases we are still immediately aware of what we remember, in spite of the fact that it appears as past and not as present.
this immediate knowledge by memory is the source of all our knowledge concerning the past: without it, there could be no knowledge of the past by inference, since we should never know that there was anything past to be inferred.
we are not only aware of things, but we are often aware of being aware of them.
when i see the sun, i am often aware of my seeing the sun; thus 'my seeing the sun' is an object with which i have acquaintance.
when i desire food, i may be aware of my desire for food; thus 'my desiring food' is an object with which i am acquainted.
similarly we may be aware of our feeling pleasure or pain, and generally of the events which happen in our minds.
this kind of acquaintance, which may be called self-consciousness, is the source of all our knowledge of mental things.
it is obvious that it is only what goes on in our own minds that can be thus known immediately.
what goes on in the minds of others is known to us through our perception of their bodies, that is, through the sense-data in us which are associated with their bodies.
but for our acquaintance with the contents of our own minds, we should be unable to imagine the minds of others, and therefore we could never arrive at the knowledge that they have minds.
it seems natural to suppose that self-consciousness is one of the things that distinguish men from animals: animals, we may suppose, though they have acquaintance with sense-data, never become aware of this acquaintance.
the question whether we are also acquainted with our bare selves, as opposed to particular thoughts and feelings, is a very difficult one, upon which it would be rash to speak positively.
when we try to look into ourselves we always seem to come upon some particular thought or feeling, and not upon the 'i' which has the thought or feeling.
nevertheless there are some reasons for thinking that we are acquainted with the 'i', though the acquaintance is hard to disentangle from other things.
to make clear what sort of reason there is, let us consider for a moment what our acquaintance with particular thoughts really involves.
when i am acquainted with 'my seeing the sun', it seems plain that i am acquainted with two different things in relation to each other.
on the one hand there is the sense-datum which represents the sun to me, on the other hand there is that which sees this sense-datum.
all acquaintance, such as my acquaintance with the sense-datum which represents the sun, seems obviously a relation between the person acquainted and the object with which the person is acquainted.
when a case of acquaintance is one with which i can be acquainted (as i am acquainted with my acquaintance with the sense-datum representing the sun), it is plain that the person acquainted is myself.
thus, when i am acquainted with my seeing the sun, the whole fact with which i am acquainted is 'self-acquainted-with-sense-datum'.
further, we know the truth 'i am acquainted with this sense-datum'.
it is hard to see how we could know this truth, or even understand what is meant by it, unless we were acquainted with something which we call 'i'.
it does not seem necessary to suppose that we are acquainted with a more or less permanent person, the same to-day as yesterday, but it does seem as though we must be acquainted with that thing, whatever its nature, which sees the sun and has acquaintance with sense-data.
thus, in some sense it would seem we must be acquainted with our selves as opposed to our particular experiences.
but the question is difficult, and complicated arguments can be adduced on either side.
we may therefore sum up as follows what has been said concerning acquaintance with things that exist.
we have acquaintance in sensation with the data of the outer senses, and in introspection with the data of what may be called the inner sense--thoughts, feelings, desires, etc.
; we have acquaintance in memory with things which have been data either of the outer senses or of the inner sense.
further, it is probable, though not certain, that we have acquaintance with self, as that which is aware of things or has desires towards things.
every complete sentence must contain at least one word which stands for a universal, since all verbs have a meaning which is universal.
it will be seen that among the objects with which we are acquainted are not included physical objects (as opposed to sense-data), nor other people's minds.
these things are known to us by what i call 'knowledge by description', which we must now consider.
by a 'description' i mean any phrase of the form 'a so-and-so' or 'the so-and-so'.
a phrase of the form 'a so-and-so' i shall call an 'ambiguous' description; a phrase of the form 'the so-and-so' (in the singular) i shall call a 'definite' description.
thus 'a man' is an ambiguous description, and 'the man with the iron mask' is a definite description.
there are various problems connected with ambiguous descriptions, but i pass them by, since they do not directly concern the matter we are discussing, which is the nature of our knowledge concerning objects in cases where we know that there is an object answering to a definite description, though we are not acquainted with any such object.
this is a matter which is concerned exclusively with definite descriptions.
i shall therefore, in the sequel, speak simply of 'descriptions' when i mean 'definite descriptions'.
thus a description will mean any phrase of the form 'the so-and-so' in the singular.
we shall say that an object is 'known by description' when we know that it is 'the so-and-so', i.e.
when we know that there is one object, and no more, having a certain property; and it will generally be implied that we do not have knowledge of the same object by acquaintance.
we know that the man with the iron mask existed, and many propositions are known about him; but we do not know who he was.
we know that the candidate who gets the most votes will be elected, and in this case we are very likely also acquainted (in the only sense in which one can be acquainted with some one else) with the man who is, in fact, the candidate who will get most votes; but we do not know which of the candidates he is, i.e.
we do not know any proposition of the form 'a is the candidate who will get most votes' where a is one of the candidates by name.
when we say 'the so-and-so exists', we mean that there is just one object which is the so-and-so.
a. is the unionist candidate for this constituency' means 'mr.
a. is a unionist candidate for this constituency, and no one else is'.
'the unionist candidate for this constituency exists' means 'some one is a unionist candidate for this constituency, and no one else is'.
thus, when we are acquainted with an object which is the so-and-so, we know that the so-and-so exists; but we may know that the so-and-so exists when we are not acquainted with any object which we know to be the so-and-so, and even when we are not acquainted with any object which, in fact, is the so-and-so.
common words, even proper names, are usually really descriptions.
that is to say, the thought in the mind of a person using a proper name correctly can generally only be expressed explicitly if we replace the proper name by a description.
moreover, the description required to express the thought will vary for different people, or for the same person at different times.
the only thing constant (so long as the name is rightly used) is the object to which the name applies.
but so long as this remains constant, the particular description involved usually makes no difference to the truth or falsehood of the proposition in which the name appears.
suppose some statement made about bismarck.
assuming that there is such a thing as direct acquaintance with oneself, bismarck himself might have used his name directly to designate the particular person with whom he was acquainted.
in this case, if he made a judgement about himself, he himself might be a constituent of the judgement.
here the proper name has the direct use which it always wishes to have, as simply standing for a certain object, and not for a description of the object.
but if a person who knew bismarck made a judgement about him, the case is different.
what this person was acquainted with were certain sense-data which he connected (rightly, we will suppose) with bismarck's body.
his body, as a physical object, and still more his mind, were only known as the body and the mind connected with these sense-data.
that is, they were known by description.
it is, of course, very much a matter af chance which characteristics of a man's appearance will come into a friend's mind when he thinks of him; thus the description actually in the friend's mind is accidental.
the essential point is that he knows that the various descriptions all apply to the same entity, in spite of not being acquainted with the entity in question.
when we, who did not know bismarck, make a judgement about him, the description in our minds will probably be some more or less vague mass of historical knowledge--far more, in most cases, than is required to identify him.
but, for the sake of illustration, let us assume that we think of him as 'the first chancellor of the german empire'.
here all the words are abstract except 'german'.
the word 'german' will, again, have different meanings for different people.
to some it will recall travels in germany, to some the look of germany on the map, and so on.
but if we are to obtain a description which we know to be applicable, we shall be compelled, at some point, to bring in a reference to a particular with which we are acquainted.
such reference is involved in any mention of past, present, and future (as opposed to definite dates), or of here and there, or of what others have told us.
for example, 'the most long-lived of men' is a description involving only universals, which must apply to some man, but we can make no judgements concerning this man which involve knowledge about him beyond what the description gives.
if, however, we say, 'the first chancellor of the german empire was an astute diplomatist', we can only be assured of the truth of our judgement in virtue of something with which we are acquainted--usually a testimony heard or read.
apart from the information we convey to others, apart from the fact about the actual bismarck, which gives importance to our judgement, the thought we really have contains the one or more particulars involved, and otherwise consists wholly of concepts.
all names of places--london, england, europe, the earth, the solar system--similarly involve, when used, descriptions which start from some one or more particulars with which we are acquainted.
i suspect that even the universe, as considered by metaphysics, involves such a connexion with particulars.
in logic, on the contrary, where we are concerned not merely with what does exist, but with whatever might or could exist or be, no reference to actual particulars is involved.
that is to say, when we say anything about bismarck, we should like, if we could, to make the judgement which bismarck alone can make, namely, the judgement of which he himself is a constituent.
in this we are necessarily defeated, since the actual bismarck is unknown to us.
but we know that there is an object b, called bismarck, and that b was an astute diplomatist.
if we are describing bismarck as 'the first chancellor of the german empire', the proposition we should like to affirm may be described as 'the proposition asserting, concerning the actual object which was the first chancellor of the german empire, that this object was an astute diplomatist'.
what enables us to communicate in spite of the varying descriptions we employ is that we know there is a true proposition concerning the actual bismarck, and that however we may vary the description (so long as the description is correct) the proposition described is still the same.
this proposition, which is described and is known to be true, is what interests us; but we are not acquainted with the proposition itself, and do not know it, though we know it is true.
it will be seen that there are various stages in the removal from acquaintance with particulars: there is bismarck to people who knew him; bismarck to those who only know of him through history; the man with the iron mask; the longest-lived of men.
these are progressively further removed from acquaintance with particulars; the first comes as near to acquaintance as is possible in regard to another person; in the second, we shall still be said to know 'who bismarck was'; in the third, we do not know who was the man with the iron mask, though we can know many propositions about him which are not logically deducible from the fact that he wore an iron mask; in the fourth, finally, we know nothing beyond what is logically deducible from the definition of the man.
there is a similar hierarchy in the region of universals.
many universals, like many particulars, are only known to us by description.
but here, as in the case of particulars, knowledge concerning what is known by description is ultimately reducible to knowledge concerning what is known by acquaintance.
we shall not at this stage attempt to answer all the objections which may be urged against this fundamental principle.
for the present, we shall merely point out that, in some way or other, it must be possible to meet these objections, for it is scarcely conceivable that we can make a judgement or entertain a supposition without knowing what it is that we are judging or supposing about.
thus when, for example, we make a statement about julius caesar, it is plain that julius caesar himself is not before our minds, since we are not acquainted with him.
thus our statement does not mean quite what it seems to mean, but means something involving, instead of julius caesar, some description of him which is composed wholly of particulars and universals with which we are acquainted.
the chief importance of knowledge by description is that it enables us to pass beyond the limits of our private experience.
in spite of the fact that we can only know truths which are wholly composed of terms which we have experienced in acquaintance, we can yet have knowledge by description of things which we have never experienced.
in view of the very narrow range of our immediate experience, this result is vital, and until it is understood, much of our knowledge must remain mysterious and therefore doubtful.
what things are there in the universe whose existence is known to us owing to our being acquainted with them?
so far, our answer has been that we are acquainted with our sense-data, and, probably, with ourselves.
and past sense-data which are remembered are known to have existed in the past.
but if we are to be able to draw inferences from these data--if we are to know of the existence of matter, of other people, of the past before our individual memory begins, or of the future, we must know general principles of some kind by means of which such inferences can be drawn.
it must be known to us that the existence of some one sort of thing, a, is a sign of the existence of some other sort of thing, b, either at the same time as a or at some earlier or later time, as, for example, thunder is a sign of the earlier existence of lightning.
if this were not known to us, we could never extend our knowledge beyond the sphere of our private experience; and this sphere, as we have seen, is exceedingly limited.
the question we have now to consider is whether such an extension is possible, and if so, how it is effected.
let us take as an illustration a matter about which none of us, in fact, feel the slightest doubt.
we are all convinced that the sun will rise to-morrow.
is this belief a mere blind outcome of past experience, or can it be justified as a reasonable belief?
it is not easy to find a test by which to judge whether a belief of this kind is reasonable or not, but we can at least ascertain what sort of general beliefs would suffice, if true, to justify the judgement that the sun will rise to-morrow, and the many other similar judgements upon which our actions are based.
it is obvious that if we are asked why we believe that the sun will rise to-morrow, we shall naturally answer 'because it always has risen every day'.
we have a firm belief that it will rise in the future, because it has risen in the past.
if we are challenged as to why we believe that it will continue to rise as heretofore, we may appeal to the laws of motion: the earth, we shall say, is a freely rotating body, and such bodies do not cease to rotate unless something interferes from outside, and there is nothing outside to interfere with the earth between now and to-morrow.
of course it might be doubted whether we are quite certain that there is nothing outside to interfere, but this is not the interesting doubt.
the interesting doubt is as to whether the laws of motion will remain in operation until to-morrow.
if this doubt is raised, we find ourselves in the same position as when the doubt about the sunrise was first raised.
it is true that we have a greater body of evidence from the past in favour of the laws of motion than we have in favour of the sunrise, because the sunrise is merely a particular case of fulfilment of the laws of motion, and there are countless other particular cases.
if not, it becomes plain that we have no ground whatever for expecting the sun to rise to-morrow, or for expecting the bread we shall eat at our next meal not to poison us, or for any of the other scarcely conscious expectations that control our daily lives.
now in dealing with this question we must, to begin with, make an important distinction, without which we should soon become involved in hopeless confusions.
food that has a certain appearance generally has a certain taste, and it is a severe shock to our expectations when the familiar appearance is found to be associated with an unusual taste.
things which we see become associated, by habit, with certain tactile sensations which we expect if we touch them; one of the horrors of a ghost (in many ghost-stories) is that it fails to give us any sensations of touch.
uneducated people who go abroad for the first time are so surprised as to be incredulous when they find their native language not understood.
and this kind of association is not confined to men; in animals also it is very strong.
a horse which has been often driven along a certain road resists the attempt to drive him in a different direction.
domestic animals expect food when they see the person who usually feeds them.
we know that all these rather crude expectations of uniformity are liable to be misleading.
the man who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.
but in spite of the misleadingness of such expectations, they nevertheless exist.
the mere fact that something has happened a certain number of times causes animals and men to expect that it will happen again.
thus our instincts certainly cause us to believe that the sun will rise to-morrow, but we may be in no better a position than the chicken which unexpectedly has its neck wrung.
the problem we have to discuss is whether there is any reason for believing in what is called 'the uniformity of nature'.
the belief in the uniformity of nature is the belief that everything that has happened or will happen is an instance of some general law to which there are no exceptions.
the crude expectations which we have been considering are all subject to exceptions, and therefore liable to disappoint those who entertain them.
but science habitually assumes, at least as a working hypothesis, that general rules which have exceptions can be replaced by general rules which have no exceptions.
'unsupported bodies in air fall' is a general rule to which balloons and aeroplanes are exceptions.
but the laws of motion and the law of gravitation, which account for the fact that most bodies fall, also account for the fact that balloons and aeroplanes can rise; thus the laws of motion and the law of gravitation are not subject to these exceptions.
the belief that the sun will rise to-morrow might be falsified if the earth came suddenly into contact with a large body which destroyed its rotation; but the laws of motion and the law of gravitation would not be infringed by such an event.
the business of science is to find uniformities, such as the laws of motion and the law of gravitation, to which, so far as our experience extends, there are no exceptions.
in this search science has been remarkably successful, and it may be conceded that such uniformities have held hitherto.
this brings us back to the question: have we any reason, assuming that they have always held in the past, to suppose that they will hold in the future?
it has been argued that we have reason to know that the future will resemble the past, because what was the future has constantly become the past, and has always been found to resemble the past, so that we really have experience of the future, namely of times which were formerly future, which we may call past futures.
but such an argument really begs the very question at issue.
we have experience of past futures, but not of future futures, and the question is: will future futures resemble past futures?
this question is not to be answered by an argument which starts from past futures alone.
we have therefore still to seek for some principle which shall enable us to know that the future will follow the same laws as the past.
the reference to the future in this question is not essential.
the same question arises when we apply the laws that work in our experience to past things of which we have no experience--as, for example, in geology, or in theories as to the origin of the solar system.
the question we really have to ask is: 'when two things have been found to be often associated, and no instance is known of the one occurring without the other, does the occurrence of one of the two, in a fresh instance, give any good ground for expecting the other?'
on our answer to this question must depend the validity of the whole of our expectations as to the future, the whole of the results obtained by induction, and in fact practically all the beliefs upon which our daily life is based.
it can never quite reach certainty, because we know that in spite of frequent repetitions there sometimes is a failure at the last, as in the case of the chicken whose neck is wrung.
thus probability is all we ought to seek.
it might be urged, as against the view we are advocating, that we know all natural phenomena to be subject to the reign of law, and that sometimes, on the basis of observation, we can see that only one law can possibly fit the facts of the case.
the second is that the reign of law would seem to be itself only probable, and that our belief that it will hold in the future, or in unexamined cases in the past, is itself based upon the very principle we are examining.
as just stated, the principle applies only to the verification of our expectation in a single fresh instance.
the probability of the general law is obviously less than the probability of the particular case, since if the general law is true, the particular case must also be true, whereas the particular case may be true without the general law being true.
nevertheless the probability of the general law is increased by repetitions, just as the probability of the particular case is.
we may therefore repeat the two parts of our principle as regards the general law, thus: (a) the greater the number of cases in which a thing of the sort a has been found associated with a thing of the sort b, the more probable it is (if no cases of failure of association are known) that a is always associated with b; b) under the same circumstances, a sufficient number of cases of the association of a with b will make it nearly certain that a is always associated with b, and will make this general law approach certainty without limit.
it should be noted that probability is always relative to certain data.
in our case, the data are merely the known cases of coexistence of a and b.
the argument is not disproved by the fact that some swans are black, because a thing may very well happen in spite of the fact that some data render it improbable.
in the case of the swans, a man might know that colour is a very variable characteristic in many species of animals, and that, therefore, an induction as to colour is peculiarly liable to error.
but this knowledge would be a fresh datum, by no means proving that the probability relatively to our previous data had been wrongly estimated.
experience might conceivably confirm the inductive principle as regards the cases that have been already examined; but as regards unexamined cases, it is the inductive principle alone that can justify any inference from what has been examined to what has not been examined.
all arguments which, on the basis of experience, argue as to the future or the unexperienced parts of the past or present, assume the inductive principle; hence we can never use experience to prove the inductive principle without begging the question.
thus we must either accept the inductive principle on the ground of its intrinsic evidence, or forgo all justification of our expectations about the future.
if the principle is unsound, we have no reason to expect the sun to rise to-morrow, to expect bread to be more nourishing than a stone, or to expect that if we throw ourselves off the roof we shall fall.
when we see what looks like our best friend approaching us, we shall have no reason to suppose that his body is not inhabited by the mind of our worst enemy or of some total stranger.
all our conduct is based upon associations which have worked in the past, and which we therefore regard as likely to work in the future; and this likelihood is dependent for its validity upon the inductive principle.
the general principles of science, such as the belief in the reign of law, and the belief that every event must have a cause, are as completely dependent upon the inductive principle as are the beliefs of daily life all such general principles are believed because mankind have found innumerable instances of their truth and no instances of their falsehood.
but this affords no evidence for their truth in the future, unless the inductive principle is assumed.
thus all knowledge which, on a basis of experience tells us something about what is not experienced, is based upon a belief which experience can neither confirm nor confute, yet which, at least in its more concrete applications, appears to be as firmly rooted in us as many of the facts of experience.
the existence and justification of such beliefs--for the inductive principle, as we shall see, is not the only example--raises some of the most difficult and most debated problems of philosophy.
we will, in the next chapter, consider briefly what may be said to account for such knowledge, and what is its scope and its degree of certainty.
in these characteristics the principle of induction does not stand alone.
there are a number of other principles which cannot be proved or disproved by experience, but are used in arguments which start from what is experienced.
some of these principles have even greater evidence than the principle of induction, and the knowledge of them has the same degree of certainty as the knowledge of the existence of sense-data.
they constitute the means of drawing inferences from what is given in sensation; and if what we infer is to be true, it is just as necessary that our principles of inference should be true as it is that our data should be true.
the principles of inference are apt to be overlooked because of their very obviousness--the assumption involved is assented to without our realizing that it is an assumption.
but it is very important to realize the use of principles of inference, if a correct theory of knowledge is to be obtained; for our knowledge of them raises interesting and difficult questions.
in all our knowledge of general principles, what actually happens is that first of all we realize some particular application of the principle, and then we realize that the particularity is irrelevant, and that there is a generality which may equally truly be affirmed.
this is of course familiar in such matters as teaching arithmetic: 'two and two are four' is first learnt in the case of some particular pair of couples, and then in some other particular case, and so on, until at last it becomes possible to see that it is true of any pair of couples.
the same thing happens with logical principles.
suppose two men are discussing what day of the month it is.
now such an argument is not hard to follow; and if it is granted that its premisses are true in fact, no one will deny that the conclusion must also be true.
but it depends for its truth upon an instance of a general logical principle.
when it is the case that if this is true, that is true, we shall say that this 'implies' that, and that that 'follows from' this.
thus our principle states that if this implies that, and this is true, then that is true.
in other words, 'anything implied by a true proposition is true', or 'whatever follows from a true proposition is true'.
this principle is really involved--at least, concrete instances of it are involved--in all demonstrations.
whenever one thing which we believe is used to prove something else, which we consequently believe, this principle is relevant.
if any one asks: 'why should i accept the results of valid arguments based on true premisses?'
we can only answer by appealing to our principle.
in fact, the truth of the principle is impossible to doubt, and its obviousness is so great that at first sight it seems almost trivial.
such principles, however, are not trivial to the philosopher, for they show that we may have indubitable knowledge which is in no way derived from objects of sense.
the above principle is merely one of a certain number of self-evident logical principles.
some at least of these principles must be granted before any argument or proof becomes possible.
when some of them have been granted, others can be proved, though these others, so long as they are simple, are just as obvious as the principles taken for granted.
for no very good reason, three of these principles have been singled out by tradition under the name of 'laws of thought'.
these three laws are samples of self-evident logical principles, but are not really more fundamental or more self-evident than various other similar principles: for instance, the one we considered just now, which states that what follows from a true premiss is true.
but this is a large question, to which we must return at a later stage.
an example of such principles--perhaps the most important example is the inductive principle, which we considered in the preceding chapter.
one of the great historic controversies in philosophy is the controversy between the two schools called respectively 'empiricists' and 'rationalists'.
the empiricists--who are best represented by the british philosophers, locke, berkeley, and hume--maintained that all our knowledge is derived from experience; the rationalists--who are represented by the continental philosophers of the seventeenth century, especially descartes and leibniz--maintained that, in addition to what we know by experience, there are certain 'innate ideas' and 'innate principles', which we know independently of experience.
it has now become possible to decide with some confidence as to the truth or falsehood of these opposing schools.
it must be admitted, for the reasons already stated, that logical principles are known to us, and cannot be themselves proved by experience, since all proof presupposes them.
in this, therefore, which was the most important point of the controversy, the rationalists were in the right.
it is on occasion of particular experiences that we become aware of the general laws which their connexions exemplify.
it would certainly be absurd to suppose that there are innate principles in the sense that babies are born with a knowledge of everything which men know and which cannot be deduced from what is experienced.
for this reason, the word 'innate' would not now be employed to describe our knowledge of logical principles.
there is another point of great importance, in which the empiricists were in the right as against the rationalists.
that is to say, if we wish to prove that something of which we have no direct experience exists, we must have among our premisses the existence of one or more things of which we have direct experience.
our belief that the emperor of china exists, for example, rests upon testimony, and testimony consists, in the last analysis, of sense-data seen or heard in reading or being spoken to.
rationalists believed that, from general consideration as to what must be, they could deduce the existence of this or that in the actual world.
in this belief they seem to have been mistaken.
all knowledge that something exists must be in part dependent on experience.
i am not speaking of judgements as to what is useful or as to what is virtuous, for such judgements do require empirical premisses; i am speaking of judgements as to the intrinsic desirability of things.
if something is useful, it must be useful because it secures some end; the end must, if we have gone far enough, be valuable on its own account, and not merely because it is useful for some further end.
thus all judgements as to what is useful depend upon judgements as to what has value on its own account.
we judge, for example, that happiness is more desirable than misery, knowledge than ignorance, goodwill than hatred, and so on.
but it is fairly obvious that they cannot be proved by experience; for the fact that a thing exists or does not exist cannot prove either that it is good that it should exist or that it is bad.
the pursuit of this subject belongs to ethics, where the impossibility of deducing what ought to be from what is has to be established.
this was strenuously denied by the empirical philosophers, who maintained that experience was as much the source of our knowledge of arithmetic as of our knowledge of geography.
if, however, this were the source of our knowledge that two and two are four, we should proceed differently, in persuading ourselves of its truth, from the way in which we do actually proceed.
in fact, a certain number of instances are needed to make us think of two abstractly, rather than of two coins or two books or two people, or two of any other specified kind.
the same thing is exemplified in geometry.
we do not, in fact, feel our certainty that two and two are four increased by fresh instances, because, as soon as we have seen the truth of this proposition, our certainty becomes so great as to be incapable of growing greater.
moreover, we feel some quality of necessity about the proposition 'two and two are four', which is absent from even the best attested empirical generalizations.
such generalizations always remain mere facts: we feel that there might be a world in which they were false, though in the actual world they happen to be true.
in any possible world, on the contrary, we feel that two and two would be four: this is not a mere fact, but a necessity to which everything actual and possible must conform.
the case may be made clearer by considering a genuinely-empirical generalization, such as 'all men are mortal.'
it is plain that we believe this proposition, in the first place, because there is no known instance of men living beyond a certain age, and in the second place because there seem to be physiological grounds for thinking that an organism such as a man's body must sooner or later wear out.
neglecting the second ground, and considering merely our experience of men's mortality, it is plain that we should not be content with one quite clearly understood instance of a man dying, whereas, in the case of 'two and two are four', one instance does suffice, when carefully considered, to persuade us that the same must happen in any other instance.
this may be made plain by the attempt to imagine two different worlds, in one of which there are men who are not mortal, while in the other two and two make five.
when swift invites us to consider the race of struldbugs who never die, we are able to acquiesce in imagination.
but a world where two and two make five seems quite on a different level.
we feel that such a world, if there were one, would upset the whole fabric of our knowledge and reduce us to utter doubt.
the fact is that, in simple mathematical judgements such as 'two and two are four', and also in many judgements of logic, we can know the general proposition without inferring it from instances, although some instance is usually necessary to make clear to us what the general proposition means.
we can now see that in certain cases, at least, it does do so.
if we already know that two and two always make four, and we know that brown and jones are two, and so are robinson and smith, we can deduce that brown and jones and robinson and smith are four.
this is new knowledge, not contained in our premisses, because the general proposition, 'two and two are four', never told us there were such people as brown and jones and robinson and smith, and the particular premisses do not tell us that there were four of them, whereas the particular proposition deduced does tell us both these things.
but the newness of the knowledge is much less certain if we take the stock instance of deduction that is always given in books on logic, namely, 'all men are mortal; socrates is a man, therefore socrates is mortal.'
in this case, what we really know beyond reasonable doubt is that certain men, a, b, c, were mortal, since, in fact, they have died.
if socrates is not one of the men on whom our induction is based, we shall still do better to argue straight from our a, b, c, to socrates, than to go round by the general proposition, 'all men are mortal'.
for the probability that socrates is mortal is greater, on our data, than the probability that all men are mortal.
(this is obvious, because if all men are mortal, so is socrates; but if socrates is mortal, it does not follow that all men are mortal.)
hence we shall reach the conclusion that socrates is mortal with a greater approach to certainty if we make our argument purely inductive than if we go by way of 'all men are mortal' and then use deduction.
in regard to the former, deduction is the right mode of argument, whereas in regard to the latter, induction is always theoretically preferable, and warrants a greater confidence in the truth of our conclusion, because all empirical generalizations are more uncertain than the instances of them.
the question which must next occupy us is this: how is it possible that there should be such knowledge?
and more particularly, how can there be knowledge of general propositions in cases where we have not examined all the instances, and indeed never can examine them all, because their number is infinite?
though he lived through the seven years war and the french revolution, he never interrupted his teaching of philosophy at knigsberg in east prussia.
his most distinctive contribution was the invention of what he called the 'critical' philosophy, which, assuming as a datum that there is knowledge of various kinds, inquired how such knowledge comes to be possible, and deduced, from the answer to this inquiry, many metaphysical results as to the nature of the world.
whether these results were valid may well be doubted.
such that the opposite would be self-contradictory, and secondly, for having made evident the philosophical importance of the theory of knowledge.
what this word means will be best illustrated by examples.
if i say, 'a bald man is a man', 'a plane figure is a figure', 'a bad poet is a poet', i make a purely analytic judgement: the subject spoken about is given as having at least two properties, of which one is singled out to be asserted of it.
such propositions as the above are trivial, and would never be enunciated in real life except by an orator preparing the way for a piece of sophistry.
they are called 'analytic' because the predicate is obtained by merely analysing the subject.
'a bald man is not bald' would assert and deny baldness of the same man, and would therefore contradict itself.
before hume, rationalists at least had supposed that the effect could be logically deduced from the cause, if only we had sufficient knowledge.
hume argued--correctly, as would now be generally admitted--that this could not be done.
kant, who had been educated in the rationalist tradition, was much perturbed by hume's scepticism, and endeavoured to find an answer to it.
he perceived that not only the connexion of cause and effect, but all the propositions of arithmetic and geometry, are 'synthetic', i.e.
not analytic: in all these propositions, no analysis of the subject will reveal the predicate.
the question which kant put at the beginning of his philosophy, namely 'how is pure mathematics possible?'
is an interesting and difficult one, to which every philosophy which is not purely sceptical must find some answer.
the answer of the pure empiricists, that our mathematical knowledge is derived by induction from particular instances, we have already seen to be inadequate, for two reasons: first, that the validity of the inductive principle itself cannot be proved by induction; secondly, that the general propositions of mathematics, such as 'two and two always make four', can obviously be known with certainty by consideration of a single instance, and gain nothing by enumeration of other cases in which they have been found to be true.
thus our knowledge of the general propositions of mathematics (and the same applies to logic) must be accounted for otherwise than our (merely probable) knowledge of empirical generalizations such as 'all men are mortal'.
the problem arises through the fact that such knowledge is general, whereas all experience is particular.
it seems strange that we should apparently be able to know some truths in advance about particular things of which we have as yet no experience; but it cannot easily be doubted that logic and arithmetic will apply to such things.
we do not know who will be the inhabitants of london a hundred years hence; but we know that any two of them and any other two of them will make four of them.
this apparent power of anticipating facts about things of which we have no experience is certainly surprising.
kant's solution of the problem, though not valid in my opinion, is interesting.
it is, however, very difficult, and is differently understood by different philosophers.
we can, therefore, only give the merest outline of it, and even that will be thought misleading by many exponents of kant's system.
what kant maintained was that in all our experience there are two elements to be distinguished, the one due to the object (i.e.
to what we have called the 'physical object'), the other due to our own nature.
we saw, in discussing matter and sense-data, that the physical object is different from the associated sense-data, and that the sense-data are to be regarded as resulting from an interaction between the physical object and ourselves.
but what is distinctive of kant is the way in which he apportions the shares of ourselves and the physical object respectively.
he considers that the crude material given in sensation--the colour, hardness, etc.--is due to the object, and that what we supply is the arrangement in space and time, and all the relations between sense-data which result from comparison or from considering one as the cause of the other or in any other way.
hence this knowledge, though true of all actual and possible experience, must not be supposed to apply outside experience.
in this way he tries to reconcile and harmonize the contentions of the rationalists with the arguments of the empiricists.
in the properties deduced from the definition it is not identical, since kant held (in spite of some inconsistency as regards cause) that we can know that none of the categories are applicable to the 'thing in itself'.
the thing to be accounted for is our certainty that the facts must always conform to logic and arithmetic.
to say that logic and arithmetic are contributed by us does not account for this.
our nature is as much a fact of the existing world as anything, and there can be no certainty that it will remain constant.
it might happen, if kant is right, that to-morrow our nature would so change as to make two and two become five.
this possibility seems never to have occurred to him, yet it is one which utterly destroys the certainty and universality which he is anxious to vindicate for arithmetical propositions.
it is true that this possibility, formally, is inconsistent with the kantian view that time itself is a form imposed by the subject upon phenomena, so that our real self is not in time and has no to-morrow.
but he will still have to suppose that the time-order of phenomena is determined by characteristics of what is behind phenomena, and this suffices for the substance of our argument.
reflection, moreover, seems to make it clear that, if there is any truth in our arithmetical beliefs, they must apply to things equally whether we think of them or not.
two physical objects and two other physical objects must make four physical objects, even if physical objects cannot be experienced.
to assert this is certainly within the scope of what we mean when we state that two and two are four.
its truth is just as indubitable as the truth of the assertion that two phenomena and two other phenomena make four phenomena.
we noted in the preceding chapter the three principles commonly called 'laws of thought'.
the view which led to their being so named is a natural one, but there are strong reasons for thinking that it is erroneous.
let us take as an illustration the law of contradiction.
this is commonly stated in the form 'nothing can both be and not be', which is intended to express the fact that nothing can at once have and not have a given quality.
thus, for example, if a tree is a beech it cannot also be not a beech; if my table is rectangular it cannot also be not rectangular, and so on.
when we have seen that a tree is a beech, we do not need to look again in order to ascertain whether it is also not a beech; thought alone makes us know that this is impossible.
what we believe, when we believe the law of contradiction, is not that the mind is so made that it must believe the law of contradiction.
the belief in the law of contradiction is a belief about things, not only about thoughts.
thus the law of contradiction is about things, and not merely about thoughts; and although belief in the law of contradiction is a thought, the law of contradiction itself is not a thought, but a fact concerning the things in the world.
when we judge that two and two are four, we are not making a judgement about our thoughts, but about all actual or possible couples.
the fact that our minds are so constituted as to believe that two and two are four, though it is true, is emphatically not what we assert when we assert that two and two are four.
these entities are such as can be named by parts of speech which are not substantives; they are such entities as qualities and relations.
suppose, for instance, that i am in my room.
i exist, and my room exists; but does 'in' exist?
yet obviously the word 'in' has a meaning; it denotes a relation which holds between me and my room.
the relation 'in' is something which we can think about and understand, for, if we could not understand it, we could not understand the sentence 'i am in my room'.
many philosophers, following kant, have maintained that relations are the work of the mind, that things in themselves have no relations, but that the mind brings them together in one act of thought and thus produces the relations which it judges them to have.
this view, however, seems open to objections similar to those which we urged before against kant.
it seems plain that it is not thought which produces the truth of the proposition 'i am in my room'.
it may be true that an earwig is in my room, even if neither i nor the earwig nor any one else is aware of this truth; for this truth concerns only the earwig and the room, and does not depend upon anything else.
thus relations, as we shall see more fully in the next chapter, must be placed in a world which is neither mental nor physical.
in the next chapter we shall proceed to develop its nature and its bearing upon the questions with which we have been dealing.
in the present chapter we have to consider what is the nature of this kind of being, and also what objects there are that have this kind of being.
the problem with which we are now concerned is a very old one, since it was brought into philosophy by plato.
plato's 'theory of ideas' is an attempt to solve this very problem, and in my opinion it is one of the most successful attempts hitherto made.
the theory to be advocated in what follows is largely plato's, with merely such modifications as time has shown to be necessary.
the way the problem arose for plato was more or less as follows.
if we ask ourselves what justice is, it is natural to proceed by considering this, that, and the other just act, with a view to discovering what they have in common.
they must all, in some sense, partake of a common nature, which will be found in whatever is just and in nothing else.
this common nature, in virtue of which they are all just, will be justice itself, the pure essence the admixture of which with facts of ordinary life produces the multiplicity of just acts.
similarly with any other word which may be applicable to common facts, such as 'whiteness' for example.
the word will be applicable to a number of particular things because they all participate in a common nature or essence.
this pure essence is what plato calls an 'idea' or 'form'.
(it must not be supposed that 'ideas', in his sense, exist in minds, though they may be apprehended by minds.)
not being particular, it cannot itself exist in the world of sense.
moreover it is not fleeting or changeable like the things of sense: it is eternally itself, immutable and indestructible.
thus plato is led to a supra-sensible world, more real than the common world of sense, the unchangeable world of ideas, which alone gives to the world of sense whatever pale reflection of reality may belong to it.
the truly real world, for plato, is the world of ideas; for whatever we may attempt to say about things in the world of sense, we can only succeed in saying that they participate in such and such ideas, which, therefore, constitute all their character.
hence it is easy to pass on into a mysticism.
we may hope, in a mystic illumination, to see the ideas as we see objects of sense; and we may imagine that the ideas exist in heaven.
these mystical developments are very natural, but the basis of the theory is in logic, and it is as based in logic that we have to consider it.
the word 'idea' has acquired, in the course of time, many associations which are quite misleading when applied to plato's 'ideas'.
we shall therefore use the word 'universal' instead of the word 'idea', to describe what plato meant.
the essence of the sort of entity that plato meant is that it is opposed to the particular things that are given in sensation.
when we examine common words, we find that, broadly speaking, proper names stand for particulars, while other substantives, adjectives, prepositions, and verbs stand for universals.
pronouns stand for particulars, but are ambiguous: it is only by the context or the circumstances that we know what particulars they stand for.
the word 'now' stands for a particular, namely the present moment; but like pronouns, it stands for an ambiguous particular, because the present is always changing.
it will be seen that no sentence can be made up without at least one word which denotes a universal.
the nearest approach would be some such statement as 'i like this'.
but even here the word 'like' denotes a universal, for i may like other things, and other people may like things.
thus all truths involve universals, and all knowledge of truths involves acquaintance with universals.
seeing that nearly all the words to be found in the dictionary stand for universals, it is strange that hardly anybody except students of philosophy ever realizes that there are such entities as universals.
we do not naturally dwell upon those words in a sentence which do not stand for particulars; and if we are forced to dwell upon a word which stands for a universal, we naturally think of it as standing for some one of the particulars that come under the universal.
hence we succeed in avoiding all notice of universals as such, until the study of philosophy forces them upon our attention.
even among philosophers, we may say, broadly, that only those universals which are named by adjectives or substantives have been much or often recognized, while those named by verbs and prepositions have been usually overlooked.
this omission has had a very great effect upon philosophy; it is hardly too much to say that most metaphysics, since spinoza, has been largely determined by it.
the way this has occurred is, in outline, as follows: speaking generally, adjectives and common nouns express qualities or properties of single things, whereas prepositions and verbs tend to express relations between two or more things.
thus the neglect of prepositions and verbs led to the belief that every proposition can be regarded as attributing a property to a single thing, rather than as expressing a relation between two or more things.
hence it was supposed that, ultimately, there can be no such entities as relations between things.
hence either there can be only one thing in the universe, or, if there are many things, they cannot possibly interact in any way, since any interaction would be a relation, and relations are impossible.
both these opposing philosophies, interesting as they are, result, in my opinion, from an undue attention to one sort of universals, namely the sort represented by adjectives and substantives rather than by verbs and prepositions.
the sort of universals generally represented by verbs and prepositions.
if we believe that there is such a universal, we shall say that things are white because they have the quality of whiteness.
this view, however, was strenuously denied by berkeley and hume, who have been followed in this by later empiricists.
the form which their denial took was to deny that there are such things as 'abstract ideas '.
when we want to think of whiteness, they said, we form an image of some particular white thing, and reason concerning this particular, taking care not to deduce anything concerning it which we cannot see to be equally true of any other white thing.
as an account of our actual mental processes, this is no doubt largely true.
in geometry, for example, when we wish to prove something about all triangles, we draw a particular triangle and reason about it, taking care not to use any characteristic which it does not share with other triangles.
the beginner, in order to avoid error, often finds it useful to draw several triangles, as unlike each other as possible, in order to make sure that his reasoning is equally applicable to all of them.
but a difficulty emerges as soon as we ask ourselves how we know that a thing is white or a triangle.
but then the resemblance required will have to be a universal.
since there are many white things, the resemblance must hold between many pairs of particular white things; and this is the characteristic of a universal.
it will be useless to say that there is a different resemblance for each pair, for then we shall have to say that these resemblances resemble each other, and thus at last we shall be forced to admit resemblance as a universal.
the relation of resemblance, therefore, must be a true universal.
and having been forced to admit this universal, we find that it is no longer worth while to invent difficult and unplausible theories to avoid the admission of such universals as whiteness and triangularity.
we have therefore here another respect in which the rationalists appear to have been in the right as against the empiricists, although, owing to the neglect or denial of relations, the deductions made by rationalists were, if anything, more apt to be mistaken than those made by empiricists.
having now seen that there must be such entities as universals, the next point to be proved is that their being is not merely mental.
by this is meant that whatever being belongs to them is independent of their being thought of or in any way apprehended by minds.
we have already touched on this subject at the end of the preceding chapter, but we must now consider more fully what sort of being it is that belongs to universals.
consider such a proposition as 'edinburgh is north of london'.
here we have a relation between two places, and it seems plain that the relation subsists independently of our knowledge of it.
when we come to know that edinburgh is north of london, we come to know something which has to do only with edinburgh and london: we do not cause the truth of the proposition by coming to know it, on the contrary we merely apprehend a fact which was there before we knew it.
the part of the earth's surface where edinburgh stands would be north of the part where london stands, even if there were no human being to know about north and south, and even if there were no minds at all in the universe.
this is, of course, denied by many philosophers, either for berkeley's reasons or for kant's.
but we have already considered these reasons, and decided that they are inadequate.
we may therefore now assume it to be true that nothing mental is presupposed in the fact that edinburgh is north of london.
but this fact involves the relation 'north of', which is a universal; and it would be impossible for the whole fact to involve nothing mental if the relation 'north of', which is a constituent part of the fact, did involve anything mental.
hence we must admit that the relation, like the terms it relates, is not dependent upon thought, but belongs to the independent world which thought apprehends but does not create.
if we ask 'where and when does this relation exist?'
the answer must be 'nowhere and nowhen'.
there is no place or time where we can find the relation 'north of'.
it does not exist in edinburgh any more than in london, for it relates the two and is neutral as between them.
nor can we say that it exists at any particular time.
now everything that can be apprehended by the senses or by introspection exists at some particular time.
hence the relation 'north of' is radically different from such things.
it is neither in space nor in time, neither material nor mental; yet it is something.
it is largely the very peculiar kind of being that belongs to universals which has led many people to suppose that they are really mental.
suppose, for example, that we are thinking of whiteness.
in the strict sense, it is not whiteness that is in our mind, but the act of thinking of whiteness.
the connected ambiguity in the word 'idea', which we noted at the same time, also causes confusion here.
hence, if the ambiguity is not guarded against, we may come to think that whiteness is an 'idea' in the other sense, i.e.
an act of thought; and thus we come to think that whiteness is mental.
but in so thinking, we rob it of its essential quality of universality.
one man's act of thought is necessarily a different thing from another man's; one man's act of thought at one time is necessarily a different thing from the same man's act of thought at another time.
hence, if whiteness were the thought as opposed to its object, no two different men could think of it, and no one man could think of it twice.
thus universals are not thoughts, though when known they are the objects of thoughts.
thus thoughts and feelings, minds and physical objects exist.
the world of universals, therefore, may also be described as the world of being.
the world of being is unchangeable, rigid, exact, delightful to the mathematician, the logician, the builder of metaphysical systems, and all who love perfection more than life.
the world of existence is fleeting, vague, without sharp boundaries, without any clear plan or arrangement, but it contains all thoughts and feelings, all the data of sense, and all physical objects, everything that can do either good or harm, everything that makes any difference to the value of life and the world.
according to our temperaments, we shall prefer the contemplation of the one or of the other.
the one we do not prefer will probably seem to us a pale shadow of the one we prefer, and hardly worthy to be regarded as in any sense real.
but the truth is that both have the same claim on our impartial attention, both are real, and both are important to the metaphysician.
indeed no sooner have we distinguished the two worlds than it becomes necessary to consider their relations.
but first of all we must examine our knowledge of universals.
let us consider first the knowledge of universals by acquaintance.
it is obvious, to begin with, that we are acquainted with such universals as white, red, black, sweet, sour, loud, hard, etc., i.e.
with qualities which are exemplified in sense-data.
when we see a white patch, we are acquainted, in the first instance, with the particular patch; but by seeing many white patches, we easily learn to abstract the whiteness which they all have in common, and in learning to do this we are learning to be acquainted with whiteness.
a similar process will make us acquainted with any other universal of the same sort.
universals of this sort may be called 'sensible qualities'.
they can be apprehended with less effort of abstraction than any others, and they seem less removed from particulars than other universals are.
the easiest relations to apprehend are those which hold between the different parts of a single complex sense-datum.
for example, i can see at a glance the whole of the page on which i am writing; thus the whole page is included in one sense-datum.
but i perceive that some parts of the page are to the left of other parts, and some parts are above other parts.
the process of abstraction in this case seems to proceed somewhat as follows: i see successively a number of sense-data in which one part is to the left of another; i perceive, as in the case of different white patches, that all these sense-data have something in common, and by abstraction i find that what they have in common is a certain relation between their parts, namely the relation which i call 'being to the left of'.
in this way i become acquainted with the universal relation.
in like manner i become aware of the relation of before and after in time.
suppose i hear a chime of bells: when the last bell of the chime sounds, i can retain the whole chime before my mind, and i can perceive that the earlier bells came before the later ones.
also in memory i perceive that what i am remembering came before the present time.
from either of these sources i can abstract the universal relation of before and after, just as i abstracted the universal relation 'being to the left of'.
thus time-relations, like space-relations, are among those with which we are acquainted.
another relation with which we become acquainted in much the same way is resemblance.
if i see simultaneously two shades of green, i can see that they resemble each other; if i also see a shade of red: at the same time, i can see that the two greens have more resemblance to each other than either has to the red.
between universals, as between particulars, there are relations of which we may be immediately aware.
we have just seen that we can perceive that the resemblance between two shades of green is greater than the resemblance between a shade of red and a shade of green.
here we are dealing with a relation, namely 'greater than', between two relations.
our knowledge of such relations, though it requires more power of abstraction than is required for perceiving the qualities of sense-data, appears to be equally immediate, and (at least in some cases) equally indubitable.
thus there is immediate knowledge concerning universals as well as concerning sense-data.
let us revert to the proposition 'two and two are four'.
it is fairly obvious, in view of what has been said, that this proposition states a relation between the universal 'two' and the universal 'four'.
in this case it might seem as though we were dealing with the particulars that have the property rather than with the property.
the proposition 'two and two are four' is really a case in point, for this may be stated in the form 'any two and any other two are four', or 'any collection formed of two twos is a collection of four'.
if we can show that such statements as this really deal only with universals, our proposition may be regarded as proved.
one way of discovering what a proposition deals with is to ask ourselves what words we must understand--in other words, what objects we must be acquainted with--in order to see what the proposition means.
as soon as we see what the proposition means, even if we do not yet know whether it is true or false, it is evident that we must have acquaintance with whatever is really dealt with by the proposition.
by applying this test, it appears that many propositions which might seem to be concerned with particulars are really concerned only with universals.
in the special case of 'two and two are four', even when we interpret it as meaning 'any collection formed of two twos is a collection of four', it is plain that we can understand the proposition, i.e.
we can see what it is that it asserts, as soon as we know what is meant by 'collection' and 'two' and 'four'.
it is quite unnecessary to know all the couples in the world: if it were necessary, obviously we could never understand the proposition, since the couples are infinitely numerous and therefore cannot all be known to us.
the statement made is about 'couple', the universal, and not about this or that couple.
thus the statement 'two and two are four' deals exclusively with universals, and therefore may be known by anybody who is acquainted with the universals concerned and can perceive the relation between them which the statement asserts.
the thing that seemed mysterious, when we formerly considered such knowledge, was that it seemed to anticipate and control experience.
this, however, we can now see to have been an error.
the reason is that this proposition cannot be understood at all unless we know that there are such people as brown and jones and robinson and smith, and this we can only know by experience.
it is obviously unnecessary to have an individual acquaintance with the whole human race in order to understand what our proposition means.
in the empirical case, the evidence consists in the particular instances.
we believe that all men are mortal because we know that there are innumerable instances of men dying, and no instances of their living beyond a certain age.
but that only means that our generalization has been subsumed under a wider generalization, for which the evidence is still of the same kind, though more extensive.
the progress of science is constantly producing such subsumptions, and therefore giving a constantly wider inductive basis for scientific generalizations.
the first is that, if many particular instances are known, our general proposition may be arrived at in the first instance by induction, and the connexion of universals may be only subsequently perceived.
for example, it is known that if we draw perpendiculars to the sides of a triangle from the opposite angles, all three perpendiculars meet in a point.
it would be quite possible to be first led to this proposition by actually drawing perpendiculars in many cases, and finding that they always met in a point; this experience might lead us to look for the general proof and find it.
such cases are common in the experience of every mathematician.
the other point is more interesting, and of more philosophical importance.
it is, that we may sometimes know a general proposition in cases where we do not know a single instance of it.
but we also know that the number of integers is infinite, and that only a finite number of pairs of integers ever have been or ever will be thought of by human beings.
here is a general proposition of which the truth is undeniable, and yet, from the very nature of the case, we can never give an instance; because any two numbers we may think of are excluded by the terms of the proposition.
this possibility, of knowledge of general propositions of which no instance can be given, is often denied, because it is not perceived that the knowledge of such propositions only requires a knowledge of the relations of universals, and does not require any knowledge of instances of the universals in question.
yet the knowledge of such general propositions is quite vital to a great deal of what is generally admitted to be known.
for example, we saw, in our early chapters, that knowledge of physical objects, as opposed to sense-data, is only obtained by an inference, and that they are not things with which we are acquainted.
hence we can never know any proposition of the form 'this is a physical object', where 'this' is something immediately known.
it follows that all our knowledge concerning physical objects is such that no actual instance can be given.
we can give instances of the associated sense-data, but we cannot give instances of the actual physical objects.
hence our knowledge as to physical objects depends throughout upon this possibility of general knowledge where no instance can be given.
and the same applies to our knowledge of other people's minds, or of any other class of things of which no instance is known to us by acquaintance.
we may now take a survey of the sources of our knowledge, as they have appeared in the course of our analysis.
we have first to distinguish knowledge of things and knowledge of truths.
in each there are two kinds, one immediate and one derivative.
among particulars, we have acquaintance with sense-data and (probably) with ourselves.
among universals, there seems to be no principle by which we can decide which can be known by acquaintance, but it is clear that among those that can be so known are sensible qualities, relations of space and time, similarity, and certain abstract logical universals.
among such truths are included those which merely state what is given in sense, and also certain abstract logical and arithmetical principles, and (though with less certainty) some ethical propositions.
if the above account is correct, all our knowledge of truths depends upon our intuitive knowledge.
it therefore becomes important to consider the nature and scope of intuitive knowledge, in much the same way as, at an earlier stage, we considered the nature and scope of knowledge by acquaintance.
some of our beliefs turn out to be erroneous, and therefore it becomes necessary to consider how, if at all, we can distinguish knowledge from error.
this problem does not arise with regard to knowledge by acquaintance, for, whatever may be the object of acquaintance, even in dreams and hallucinations, there is no error involved so long as we do not go beyond the immediate object: error can only arise when we regard the immediate object, i.e.
the sense-datum, as the mark of some physical object.
thus the problems connected with knowledge of truths are more difficult than those connected with knowledge of things.
as the first of the problems connected with knowledge of truths, let us examine the nature and scope of our intuitive judgements.
it is felt by many that a belief for which no reason can be given is an unreasonable belief.
almost all our common beliefs are either inferred, or capable of being inferred, from other beliefs which may be regarded as giving the reason for them.
as a rule, the reason has been forgotten, or has even never been consciously present to our minds.
few of us ever ask ourselves, for example, what reason there is to suppose the food we are just going to eat will not turn out to be poison.
yet we feel, when challenged, that a perfectly good reason could be found, even if we are not ready with it at the moment.
and in this belief we are usually justified.
but let us imagine some insistent socrates, who, whatever reason we give him, continues to demand a reason for the reason.
we must sooner or later, and probably before very long, be driven to a point where we cannot find any further reason, and where it becomes almost certain that no further reason is even theoretically discoverable.
starting with the common beliefs of daily life, we can be driven back from point to point, until we come to some general principle, or some instance of a general principle, which seems luminously evident, and is not itself capable of being deduced from anything more evident.
but beyond that, there seems to be no further regress.
the principle itself is constantly used in our reasoning, sometimes consciously, sometimes unconsciously; but there is no reasoning which, starting from some simpler self-evident principle, leads us to the principle of induction as its conclusion.
and the same holds for other logical principles.
their truth is evident to us, and we employ them in constructing demonstrations; but they themselves, or at least some of them, are incapable of demonstration.
self-evidence, however, is not confined to those among general principles which are incapable of proof.
when a certain number of logical principles have been admitted, the rest can be deduced from them; but the propositions deduced are often just as self-evident as those that were assumed without proof.
all arithmetic, moreover, can be deduced from the general principles of logic, yet the simple propositions of arithmetic, such as 'two and two are four', are just as self-evident as the principles of logic.
it would seem, also, though this is more disputable, that there are some self-evident ethical principles, such as 'we ought to pursue what is good'.
it should be observed that, in all cases of general principles, particular instances, dealing with familiar things, are more evident than the general principle.
for example, the law of contradiction states that nothing can both have a certain property and not have it.
this is evident as soon as it is understood, but it is not so evident as that a particular rose which we see cannot be both red and not red.
(it is of course possible that parts of the rose may be red and parts not red, or that the rose may be of a shade of pink which we hardly know whether to call red or not; but in the former case it is plain that the rose as a whole is not red, while in the latter case the answer is theoretically definite as soon as we have decided on a precise definition of 'red'.)
it is usually through particular instances that we come to be able to see the general principle.
only those who are practised in dealing with abstractions can readily grasp a general principle without the help of instances.
in addition to general principles, the other kind of self-evident truths are those immediately derived from sensation.
we will call such truths 'truths of perception', and the judgements expressing them we will call 'judgements of perception'.
but here a certain amount of care is required in getting at the precise nature of the truths that are self-evident.
the actual sense-data are neither true nor false.
a particular patch of colour which i see, for example, simply exists: it is not the sort of thing that is true or false.
it is true that there is such a patch, true that it has a certain shape and degree of brightness, true that it is surrounded by certain other colours.
thus whatever self-evident truths may be obtained from our senses must be different from the sense-data from which they are obtained.
it would seem that there are two kinds of self-evident truths of perception, though perhaps in the last analysis the two kinds may coalesce.
we see a patch of red, and we judge 'there is such-and-such a patch of red', or more strictly 'there is that'; this is one kind of intuitive judgement of perception.
the other kind arises when the object of sense is complex, and we subject it to some degree of analysis.
this is again a judgement of perception, but it differs from our previous kind.
in our present kind we have a single sense-datum which has both colour and shape: the colour is red and the shape is round.
our judgement analyses the datum into colour and shape, and then recombines them by stating that the red colour is round in shape.
another example of this kind of judgement is 'this is to the right of that', where 'this' and 'that' are seen simultaneously.
in this kind of judgement the sense-datum contains constituents which have some relation to each other, and the judgement asserts that these constituents have this relation.
there is some danger of confusion as to the nature of memory, owing to the fact that memory of an object is apt to be accompanied by an image of the object, and yet the image cannot be what constitutes memory.
this is easily seen by merely noticing that the image is in the present, whereas what is remembered is known to be in the past.
moreover, we are certainly able to some extent to compare our image with the object remembered, so that we often know, within somewhat wide limits, how far our image is accurate; but this would be impossible, unless the object, as opposed to the image, were in some way before the mind.
thus the essence of memory is not constituted by the image, but by having immediately before the mind an object which is recognized as past.
but for the fact of memory in this sense, we should not know that there ever was a past at all, nor should we be able to understand the word 'past', any more than a man born blind can understand the word 'light'.
thus there must be intuitive judgements of memory, and it is upon them, ultimately, that all our knowledge of the past depends.
the case of memory, however, raises a difficulty, for it is notoriously fallacious, and thus throws doubt on the trustworthiness of intuitive judgements in general.
but let us first narrow its scope as far as possible.
broadly speaking, memory is trustworthy in proportion to the vividness of the experience and to its nearness in time.
if the house next door was struck by lightning half a minute ago, my memory of what i saw and heard will be so reliable that it would be preposterous to doubt whether there had been a flash at all.
and the same applies to less vivid experiences, so long as they are recent.
i am absolutely certain that half a minute ago i was sitting in the same chair in which i am sitting now.
going backward over the day, i find things of which i am quite certain, other things of which i am almost certain, other things of which i can become certain by thought and by calling up attendant circumstances, and some things of which i am by no means certain.
i am quite certain that i ate my breakfast this morning, but if i were as indifferent to my breakfast as a philosopher should be, i should be doubtful.
as to the conversation at breakfast, i can recall some of it easily, some with an effort, some only with a large element of doubt, and some not at all.
thus there is a continual gradation in the degree of self-evidence of what i remember, and a corresponding gradation in the trustworthiness of my memory.
thus the first answer to the difficulty of fallacious memory is to say that memory has degrees of self-evidence, and that these correspond to the degrees of its trustworthiness, reaching a limit of perfect self-evidence and perfect trustworthiness in our memory of events which are recent and vivid.
it would seem, however, that there are cases of very firm belief in a memory which is wholly false.
it is probable that, in these cases, what is really remembered, in the sense of being immediately before the mind, is something other than what is falsely believed in, though something generally associated with it.
in this case, what was immediately remembered was his repeated assertion; the belief in what he was asserting (if it existed) would be produced by association with the remembered assertion, and would therefore not be a genuine case of memory.
it would seem that cases of fallacious memory can probably all be dealt with in this way, i.e.
they can be shown to be not cases of memory in the strict sense at all.
one important point about self-evidence is made clear by the case of memory, and that is, that self-evidence has degrees: it is not a quality which is simply present or absent, but a quality which may be more or less present, in gradations ranging from absolute certainty down to an almost imperceptible faintness.
truths of perception and some of the principles of logic have the very highest degree of self-evidence; truths of immediate memory have an almost equally high degree.
the inductive principle has less self-evidence than some of the other principles of logic, such as 'what follows from a true premiss must be true'.
memories have a diminishing self-evidence as they become remoter and fainter; the truths of logic and mathematics have (broadly speaking) less self-evidence as they become more complicated.
judgements of intrinsic ethical or aesthetic value are apt to have some self-evidence, but not much.
degrees of self-evidence are important in the theory of knowledge, since, if propositions may (as seems likely) have some degree of self-evidence without being true, it will not be necessary to abandon all connexion between self-evidence and truth, but merely to say that, where there is a conflict, the more self-evident proposition is to be retained and the less self-evident rejected.
it seems, however, highly probable that two different notions are combined in 'self-evidence' as above explained; that one of them, which corresponds to the highest degree of self-evidence, is really an infallible guarantee of truth, while the other, which corresponds to all the other degrees, does not give an infallible guarantee, but only a greater or less presumption.
this, however, is only a suggestion, which we cannot as yet develop further.
after we have dealt with the nature of truth, we shall return to the subject of self-evidence, in connexion with the distinction between knowledge and error.
so far as things are concerned, we may know them or not know them, but there is no positive state of mind which can be described as erroneous knowledge of things, so long, at any rate, as we confine ourselves to knowledge by acquaintance.
whatever we are acquainted with must be something; we may draw wrong inferences from our acquaintance, but the acquaintance itself cannot be deceptive.
thus there is no dualism as regards acquaintance.
but as regards knowledge of truths, there is a dualism.
we may believe what is false as well as what is true.
we know that on very many subjects different people hold different and incompatible opinions: hence some beliefs must be erroneous.
since erroneous beliefs are often held just as strongly as true beliefs, it becomes a difficult question how they are to be distinguished from true beliefs.
how are we to know, in a given case, that our belief is not erroneous?
this is a question of the very greatest difficulty, to which no completely satisfactory answer is possible.
it is this preliminary question which is to be considered in this chapter.
in this chapter we are not asking how we can know whether a belief is true or false: we are asking what is meant by the question whether a belief is true or false.
it is to be hoped that a clear answer to this question may help us to obtain an answer to the question what beliefs are true, but for the present we ask only 'what is truth?'
it is very important to keep these different questions entirely separate, since any confusion between them is sure to produce an answer which is not really applicable to either.
there are three points to observe in the attempt to discover the nature of truth, three requisites which any theory must fulfil.
a good many philosophers have failed adequately to satisfy this condition: they have constructed theories according to which all our thinking ought to have been true, and have then had the greatest difficulty in finding a place for falsehood.
in this respect our theory of belief must differ from our theory of acquaintance, since in the case of acquaintance it was not necessary to take account of any opposite.
if we imagine a world of mere matter, there would be no room for falsehood in such a world, and although it would contain what may be called 'facts', it would not contain any truths, in the sense in which truths are things of the same kind as falsehoods.
in fact, truth and falsehood are properties of beliefs and statements: hence a world of mere matter, since it would contain no beliefs or statements, would also contain no truth or falsehood.
if i believe that charles i died on the scaffold, i believe truly, not because of any intrinsic quality of my belief, which could be discovered by merely examining the belief, but because of an historical event which happened two and a half centuries ago.
if i believe that charles i died in his bed, i believe falsely: no degree of vividness in my belief, or of care in arriving at it, prevents it from being false, again because of what happened long ago, and not because of any intrinsic property of my belief.
hence, although truth and falsehood are properties of beliefs, they are properties dependent upon the relations of the beliefs to other things, not upon any internal quality of the beliefs.
the third of the above requisites leads us to adopt the view--which has on the whole been commonest among philosophers--that truth consists in some form of correspondence between belief and fact.
it is, however, by no means an easy matter to discover a form of correspondence to which there are no irrefutable objections.
by this partly--and partly by the feeling that, if truth consists in a correspondence of thought with something outside thought, thought can never know when truth has been attained--many philosophers have been led to try to find some definition of truth which shall not consist in relation to something wholly outside belief.
it is said that the mark of falsehood is failure to cohere in the body of our beliefs, and that it is the essence of a truth to form part of the completely rounded system which is the truth.
there is, however, a great difficulty in this view, or rather two great difficulties.
it may be that, with sufficient imagination, a novelist might invent a past for the world that would perfectly fit on to what we know, and yet be quite different from the real past.
in more scientific matters, it is certain that there are often two or more hypotheses which account for all the known facts on some subject, and although, in such cases, men of science endeavour to find facts which will rule out all the hypotheses except one, there is no reason why they should always succeed.
in philosophy, again, it seems not uncommon for two rival hypotheses to be both able to account for all the facts.
thus, for example, it is possible that life is one long dream, and that the outer world has only that degree of reality that the objects of dreams have; but although such a view does not seem inconsistent with known facts, there is no reason to prefer it to the common-sense view, according to which other people and things do really exist.
thus coherence as the definition of truth fails because there is no proof that there can be only one coherent system.
the other objection to this definition of truth is that it assumes the meaning of 'coherence' known, whereas, in fact, 'coherence' presupposes the truth of the laws of logic.
two propositions are coherent when both may be true, and are incoherent when one at least must be false.
now in order to know whether two propositions can both be true, we must know such truths as the law of contradiction.
for example, the two propositions, 'this tree is a beech' and 'this tree is not a beech', are not coherent, because of the law of contradiction.
but if the law of contradiction itself were subjected to the test of coherence, we should find that, if we choose to suppose it false, nothing will any longer be incoherent with anything else.
thus the laws of logic supply the skeleton or framework within which the test of coherence applies, and they themselves cannot be established by this test.
it remains to define precisely what we mean by 'fact', and what is the nature of the correspondence which must subsist between belief and fact, in order that belief may be true.
the necessity of allowing for falsehood makes it impossible to regard belief as a relation of the mind to a single object, which could be said to be what is believed.
if belief were so regarded, we should find that, like acquaintance, it would not admit of the opposition of truth and falsehood, but would have to be always true.
othello believes falsely that desdemona loves cassio.
we cannot say that this belief consists in a relation to a single object, 'desdemona's love for cassio', for if there were such an object, the belief would be true.
there is in fact no such object, and therefore othello cannot have any relation to such an object.
hence his belief cannot possibly consist in a relation to this object.
it might be said that his belief is a relation to a different object, namely 'that desdemona loves cassio'; but it is almost as difficult to suppose that there is such an object as this, when desdemona does not love cassio, as it was to suppose that there is 'desdemona's love for cassio'.
hence it will be better to seek for a theory of belief which does not make it consist in a relation of the mind to a single object.
it is common to think of relations as though they always held between two terms, but in fact this is not always the case.
some relations demand three terms, some four, and so on.
take, for instance, the relation 'between'.
so long as only two terms come in, the relation 'between' is impossible: three terms are the smallest number that render it possible.
york is between london and edinburgh; but if london and edinburgh were the only places in the world, there could be nothing which was between one place and another.
such a proposition as 'a wishes b to promote c's marriage with d' involves a relation of four terms; that is to say, a and b and c and d all come in, and the relation involved cannot be expressed otherwise than in a form involving all four.
instances might be multiplied indefinitely, but enough has been said to show that there are relations which require more than two terms before they can occur.
when othello believes that desdemona loves cassio, he must not have before his mind a single object, 'desdemona's love for cassio', or 'that desdemona loves cassio ', for that would require that there should be objective falsehoods, which subsist independently of any minds; and this, though not logically refutable, is a theory to be avoided if possible.
thus it is easier to account for falsehood if we take judgement to be a relation in which the mind and the various objects concerned all occur severally; that is to say, desdemona and loving and cassio must all be terms in the relation which subsists when othello believes that desdemona loves cassio.
this relation, therefore, is a relation of four terms, since othello also is one of the terms of the relation.
when we say that it is a relation of four terms, we do not mean that othello has a certain relation to desdemona, and has the same relation to loving and also to cassio.
thus the actual occurrence, at the moment when othello is entertaining his belief, is that the relation called 'believing' is knitting together into one complex whole the four terms othello, desdemona, loving, and cassio.
what is called belief or judgement is nothing but this relation of believing or judging, which relates a mind to several things other than itself.
we are now in a position to understand what it is that distinguishes a true judgement from a false one.
for this purpose we will adopt certain definitions.
in every act of judgement there is a mind which judges, and there are terms concerning which it judges.
thus, when othello judges that desdemona loves cassio, othello is the subject, while the objects are desdemona and loving and cassio.
it will be observed that the relation of judging has what is called a 'sense' or 'direction'.
(in an inflected language, the same thing will be indicated by inflections, e.g.
by the difference between nominative and accusative.)
othello's judgement that cassio loves desdemona differs from his judgement that desdemona loves cassio, in spite of the fact that it consists of the same constituents, because the relation of judging places the constituents in a different order in the two cases.
similarly, if cassio judges that desdemona loves othello, the constituents of the judgement are still the same, but their order is different.
this property of having a 'sense' or 'direction' is one which the relation of judging shares with all other relations.
the 'sense' of relations is the ultimate source of order and series and a host of mathematical concepts; but we need not concern ourselves further with this aspect.
we spoke of the relation called 'judging' or 'believing' as knitting together into one complex whole the subject and the objects.
in this respect, judging is exactly like every other relation.
whenever a relation holds between two or more terms, it unites the terms into a complex whole.
if othello loves desdemona, there is such a complex whole as 'othello's love for desdemona'.
the terms united by the relation may be themselves complex, or may be simple, but the whole which results from their being united must be complex.
wherever there is a relation which relates certain terms, there is a complex object formed of the union of those terms; and conversely, wherever there is a complex object, there is a relation which relates its constituents.
when an act of believing occurs, there is a complex, in which 'believing' is the uniting relation, and subject and objects are arranged in a certain order by the 'sense' of the relation of believing.
among the objects, as we saw in considering 'othello believes that desdemona loves cassio', one must be a relation--in this instance, the relation 'loving'.
but this relation, as it occurs in the act of believing, is not the relation which creates the unity of the complex whole consisting of the subject and the objects.
the relation 'loving', as it occurs in the act of believing, is one of the objects--it is a brick in the structure, not the cement.
assuming, for the sake of definiteness, that the objects of the belief are two terms and a relation, the terms being put in a certain order by the 'sense' of the believing, then if the two terms in that order are united by the relation into a complex, the belief is true; if not, it is false.
this constitutes the definition of truth and falsehood that we were in search of.
judging or believing is a certain complex unity of which a mind is a constituent; if the remaining constituents, taken in the order which they have in the belief, form a complex unity, then the belief is true; if not, it is false.
this correspondence ensures truth, and its absence entails falsehood.
thus a belief is true when there is a corresponding fact, and is false when there is no corresponding fact.
they create beliefs, but when once the beliefs are created, the mind cannot make them true or false, except in the special case where they concern future things which are within the power of the person believing, such as catching trains.
this consideration will occupy the next chapter.
this question will occupy us in the present chapter.
before we can attack this question, we must, however, first decide what we mean by 'knowing', and this question is not so easy as might be supposed.
at first sight we might imagine that knowledge could be defined as 'true belief'.
when what we believe is true, it might be supposed that we had achieved a knowledge of what we believe.
but this would not accord with the way in which the word is commonly used.
to take a very trivial instance: if a man believes that the late prime minister's last name began with a b, he believes what is true, since the late prime minister was sir henry campbell bannerman.
but if he believes that mr. balfour was the late prime minister, he will still believe that the late prime minister's last name began with a b, yet this belief, though true, would not be thought to constitute knowledge.
if a newspaper, by an intelligent anticipation, announces the result of a battle before any telegram giving the result has been received, it may by good fortune announce what afterwards turns out to be the right result, and it may produce belief in some of its less experienced readers.
but in spite of the truth of their belief, they cannot be said to have knowledge.
thus it is clear that a true belief is not knowledge when it is deduced from a false belief.
in like manner, a true belief cannot be called knowledge when it is deduced by a fallacious process of reasoning, even if the premisses from which it is deduced are true.
but are we to say that nothing is knowledge except what is validly deduced from true premisses?
such a definition is at once too wide and too narrow.
this, however, is a circular definition: it assumes that we already know what is meant by 'known premisses'.
it can, therefore, at best define one sort of knowledge, the sort we call derivative, as opposed to intuitive knowledge.
leaving on one side, for the moment, the question of intuitive knowledge, let us consider the above suggested definition of derivative knowledge.
the chief objection to it is that it unduly limits knowledge.
it constantly happens that people entertain a true belief, which has grown up in them because of some piece of intuitive knowledge from which it is capable of being validly inferred, but from which it has not, as a matter of fact, been inferred by any logical process.
take, for example, the beliefs produced by reading.
if the newspapers announce the death of the king, we are fairly well justified in believing that the king is dead, since this is the sort of announcement which would not be made if it were false.
and we are quite amply justified in believing that the newspaper asserts that the king is dead.
but here the intuitive knowledge upon which our belief is based is knowledge of the existence of sense-data derived from looking at the print which gives the news.
this knowledge scarcely rises into consciousness, except in a person who cannot read easily.
a child may be aware of the shapes of the letters, and pass gradually and painfully to a realization of their meaning.
but anybody accustomed to reading passes at once to what the letters mean, and is not aware, except on reflection, that he has derived this knowledge from the sense-data called seeing the printed letters.
there are in fact many ways, besides logical inference, by which we pass from one belief to another: the passage from the print to its meaning illustrates these ways.
these ways may be called 'psychological inference'.
we shall, then, admit such psychological inference as a means of obtaining derivative knowledge, provided there is a discoverable logical inference which runs parallel to the psychological inference.
this renders our definition of derivative knowledge less precise than we could wish, since the word 'discoverable' is vague: it does not tell us how much reflection may be needed in order to make the discovery.
but in fact 'knowledge' is not a precise conception: it merges into 'probable opinion', as we shall see more fully in the course of the present chapter.
a very precise definition, therefore, should not be sought, since any such definition must be more or less misleading.
the chief difficulty in regard to knowledge, however, does not arise over derivative knowledge, but over intuitive knowledge.
so long as we are dealing with derivative knowledge, we have the test of intuitive knowledge to fall back upon.
but in regard to intuitive beliefs, it is by no means easy to discover any criterion by which to distinguish some as true and others as erroneous.
in this question it is scarcely possible to reach any very precise result: all our knowledge of truths is infected with some degree of doubt, and a theory which ignored this fact would be plainly wrong.
something may be done, however, to mitigate the difficulties of the question.
when a belief is true, we said, there is a corresponding fact, in which the several objects of the belief form a single complex.
now it will be observed that the second way of knowing a complex fact, the way of acquaintance, is only possible when there really is such a fact, while the first way, like all judgement, is liable to error.
the second way gives us the complex whole, and is therefore only possible when its parts do actually have that relation which makes them combine to form such a complex.
the first way, on the contrary, gives us the parts and the relation severally, and demands only the reality of the parts and the relation: the relation may not relate those parts in that way, and yet the judgement may occur.
these two kinds can now be distinguished.
we may say that a truth is self-evident, in the first and most absolute sense, when we have acquaintance with the fact which corresponds to the truth.
when othello believes that desdemona loves cassio, the corresponding fact, if his belief were true, would be 'desdemona's love for cassio'.
this would be a fact with which no one could have acquaintance except desdemona; hence in the sense of self-evidence that we are considering, the truth that desdemona loves cassio (if it were a truth) could only be self-evident to desdemona.
all mental facts, and all facts concerning sense-data, have this same privacy: there is only one person to whom they can be self-evident in our present sense, since there is only one person who can be acquainted with the mental things or the sense-data concerned.
thus no fact about any particular existing thing can be self-evident to more than one person.
on the other hand, facts about universals do not have this privacy.
many minds may be acquainted with the same universals; hence a relation between universals may be known by acquaintance to many different people.
thus this sort of self-evidence is an absolute guarantee of truth.
suppose we first perceive the sun shining, which is a complex fact, and thence proceed to make the judgement 'the sun is shining'.
in passing from the perception to the judgement, it is necessary to analyse the given complex fact: we have to separate out 'the sun' and 'shining' as constituents of the fact.
the second sort of self-evidence will be that which belongs to judgements in the first instance, and is not derived from direct perception of a fact as a single complex whole.
this second kind of self-evidence will have degrees, from the very highest degree down to a bare inclination in favour of the belief.
take, for example, the case of a horse trotting away from us along a hard road.
in this process, there is a continual gradation of self-evidence, from the highest degree to the least, not in the sense-data themselves, but in the judgements based on them.
or again: suppose we are comparing two shades of colour, one blue and one green.
we can be quite sure they are different shades of colour; but if the green colour is gradually altered to be more and more like the blue, becoming first a blue-green, then a greeny-blue, then blue, there will come a moment when we are doubtful whether we can see any difference, and then a moment when we know that we cannot see any difference.
the same thing happens in tuning a musical instrument, or in any other case where there is a continuous gradation.
thus self-evidence of this sort is a matter of degree; and it seems plain that the higher degrees are more to be trusted than the lower degrees.
in derivative knowledge our ultimate premisses must have some degree of self-evidence, and so must their connexion with the conclusions deduced from them.
take for example a piece of reasoning in geometry.
it is not enough that the axioms from which we start should be self-evident: it is necessary also that, at each step in the reasoning, the connexion of premiss and conclusion should be self-evident.
in difficult reasoning, this connexion has often only a very small degree of self-evidence; hence errors of reasoning are not improbable where the difficulty is great.
from what has been said it is evident that, both as regards intuitive knowledge and as regards derivative knowledge, if we assume that intuitive knowledge is trustworthy in proportion to the degree of its self-evidence, there will be a gradation in trustworthiness, from the existence of noteworthy sense-data and the simpler truths of logic and arithmetic, which may be taken as quite certain, down to judgements which seem only just more probable than their opposites.
thus the greater part of what would commonly pass as knowledge is more or less probable opinion.
a body of individually probable opinions, if they are mutually coherent, become more probable than any one of them would be individually.
it is in this way that many scientific hypotheses acquire their probability.
they fit into a coherent system of probable opinions, and thus become more probable than they would be in isolation.
the same thing applies to general philosophical hypotheses.
often in a single case such hypotheses may seem highly doubtful, while yet, when we consider the order and coherence which they introduce into a mass of probable opinion, they become pretty nearly certain.
this applies, in particular, to such matters as the distinction between dreams and waking life.
if our dreams, night after night, were as coherent one with another as our days, we should hardly know whether to believe the dreams or the waking life.
as it is, the test of coherence condemns the dreams and confirms the waking life.
but this test, though it increases probability where it is successful, never gives absolute certainty, unless there is certainty already at some point in the coherent system.
thus the mere organization of probable opinion will never, by itself, transform it into indubitable knowledge.
there can be no doubt that the hope of finding reason to believe such theses as these has been the chief inspiration of many life-long students of philosophy.
in this chapter we shall briefly consider the kind of way in which such reasoning is attempted, with a view to discovering whether we can hope that it may be valid.
hegel's philosophy is very difficult, and commentators differ as to the true interpretation of it.
according to the interpretation i shall adopt, which is that of many, if not most, of the commentators and has the merit of giving an interesting and important type of philosophy, his main thesis is that everything short of the whole is obviously fragmentary, and obviously incapable of existing without the complement supplied by the rest of the world.
just as a comparative anatomist, from a single bone, sees what kind of animal the whole must have been, so the metaphysician, according to hegel, sees, from any one piece of reality, what the whole of reality must be--at least in its large outlines.
every apparently separate piece of reality has, as it were, hooks which grapple it to the next piece; the next piece, in turn, has fresh hooks, and so on, until the whole universe is reconstructed.
this essential incompleteness appears, according to hegel, equally in the world of thought and in the world of things.
in the world of thought, if we take any idea which is abstract or incomplete, we find, on examination, that if we forget its incompleteness, we become involved in contradictions; these contradictions turn the idea in question into its opposite, or antithesis; and in order to escape, we have to find a new, less incomplete idea, which is the synthesis of our original idea and its antithesis.
this new idea, though less incomplete than the idea we started with, will be found, nevertheless, to be still not wholly complete, but to pass into its antithesis, with which it must be combined in a new synthesis.
in this way hegel advances until he reaches the 'absolute idea', which, according to him, has no incompleteness, no opposite, and no need of further development.
the absolute idea, therefore, is adequate to describe absolute reality; but all lower ideas only describe reality as it appears to a partial view, not as it is to one who simultaneously surveys the whole.
thus hegel reaches the conclusion that absolute reality forms one single harmonious system, not in space or time, not in any degree evil, wholly rational, and wholly spiritual.
any appearance to the contrary, in the world we know, can be proved logically--so he believes--to be entirely due to our fragmentary piecemeal view of the universe.
if we saw the universe whole, as we may suppose god sees it, space and time and matter and evil and all striving and struggling would disappear, and we should see instead an eternal perfect unchanging spiritual unity.
in this conception, there is undeniably something sublime, something to which we could wish to yield assent.
nevertheless, when the arguments in support of it are carefully examined, they appear to involve much confusion and many unwarrantable assumptions.
the fundamental tenet upon which the system is built up is that what is incomplete must be not self-subsistent, but must need the support of other things before it can exist.
it is held that whatever has relations to things outside itself must contain some reference to those outside things in its own nature, and could not, therefore, be what it is if those outside things did not exist.
a man's nature, for example, is constituted by his memories and the rest of his knowledge, by his loves and hatreds, and so on; thus, but for the objects which he knows or loves or hates, he could not be what he is.
he is essentially and obviously a fragment: taken as the sum-total of reality he would be self-contradictory.
this whole point of view, however, turns upon the notion of the 'nature' of a thing, which seems to mean 'all the truths about the thing'.
it is of course the case that a truth which connects one thing with another thing could not subsist if the other thing did not subsist.
but a truth about a thing is not part of the thing itself, although it must, according to the above usage, be part of the 'nature' of the thing.
if we mean by a thing's 'nature' all the truths about the thing, then plainly we cannot know a thing's 'nature' unless we know all the thing's relations to all the other things in the universe.
but if the word 'nature' is used in this sense, we shall have to hold that the thing may be known when its 'nature' is not known, or at any rate is not known completely.
there is a confusion, when this use of the word 'nature' is employed, between knowledge of things and knowledge of truths.
we may have knowledge of a thing by acquaintance even if we know very few propositions about it--theoretically we need not know any propositions about it.
thus, acquaintance with a thing does not involve knowledge of its 'nature' in the above sense.
and although acquaintance with a thing is involved in our knowing any one proposition about a thing, knowledge of its 'nature', in the above sense, is not involved.
i may be acquainted, for example, with my toothache, and this knowledge may be as complete as knowledge by acquaintance ever can be, without knowing all that the dentist (who is not acquainted with it) can tell me about its cause, and without therefore knowing its 'nature' in the above sense.
thus the fact that a thing has relations does not prove that its relations are logically necessary.
that is to say, from the mere fact that it is the thing it is we cannot deduce that it must have the various relations which in fact it has.
it follows that we cannot prove that the universe as a whole forms a single harmonious system such as hegel believes that it forms.
and if we cannot prove this, we also cannot prove the unreality of space and time and matter and evil, for this is deduced by hegel from the fragmentary and relational character of these things.
thus we are left to the piecemeal investigation of the world, and are unable to know the characters of those parts of the universe that are remote from our experience.
this result, disappointing as it is to those whose hopes have been raised by the systems of philosophers, is in harmony with the inductive and scientific temper of our age, and is borne out by the whole examination of human knowledge which has occupied our previous chapters.
most of the great ambitious attempts of metaphysicians have proceeded by the attempt to prove that such and such apparent features of the actual world were self-contradictory, and therefore could not be real.
a good illustration of this is afforded by space and time.
space and time appear to be infinite in extent, and infinitely divisible.
if we travel along a straight line in either direction, it is difficult to believe that we shall finally reach a last point, beyond which there is nothing, not even empty space.
similarly, if in imagination we travel backwards or forwards in time, it is difficult to believe that we shall reach a first or last time, with not even empty time beyond it.
thus space and time appear to be infinite in extent.
in time, similarly, however little time may elapse between two moments, it seems evident that there will be other moments between them.
thus space and time appear to be infinitely divisible.
but as against these apparent facts--infinite extent and infinite divisibility--philosophers have advanced arguments tending to show that there could be no infinite collections of things, and that therefore the number of points in space, or of instants in time, must be finite.
thus a contradiction emerged between the apparent nature of space and time and the supposed impossibility of infinite collections.
kant, who first emphasized this contradiction, deduced the impossibility of space and time, which he declared to be merely subjective; and since his time very many philosophers have believed that space and time are mere appearance, not characteristic of the world as it really is.
now, however, owing to the labours of the mathematicians, notably georg cantor, it has appeared that the impossibility of infinite collections was a mistake.
they are not in fact self-contradictory, but only contradictory of certain rather obstinate mental prejudices.
hence the reasons for regarding space and time as unreal have become inoperative, and one of the great sources of metaphysical constructions is dried up.
the mathematicians, however, have not been content with showing that space as it is commonly supposed to be is possible; they have shown also that many other forms of space are equally possible, so far as logic can show.
by imagining worlds in which these axioms are false, the mathematicians have used logic to loosen the prejudices of common sense, and to show the possibility of spaces differing--some more, some less--from that in which we live.
and some of these spaces differ so little from euclidean space, where distances such as we can measure are concerned, that it is impossible to discover by observation whether our actual space is strictly euclidean or of one of these other kinds.
thus the position is completely reversed.
formerly it appeared that experience left only one kind of space to logic, and logic showed this one kind to be impossible.
now, logic presents many kinds of space as possible apart from experience, and experience only partially decides between them.
thus, while our knowledge of what is has become less than it was formerly supposed to be, our knowledge of what may be is enormously increased.
instead of being shut in within narrow walls, of which every nook and cranny could be explored, we find ourselves in an open world of free possibilities, where much remains unknown because there is so much to know.
what has happened in the case of space and time has happened, to some extent, in other directions as well.
thus knowledge as to what exists becomes limited to what we can learn from experience--not to what we can actually experience, for, as we have seen, there is much knowledge by description concerning things of which we have no direct experience.
but in all cases of knowledge by description, we need some connexion of universals, enabling us, from such and such a datum, to infer an object of a certain sort as implied by our datum.
thus in regard to physical objects, for example, the principle that sense-data are signs of physical objects is itself a connexion of universals; and it is only in virtue of this principle that experience enables us to acquire knowledge concerning physical objects.
the same applies to the law of causality, or, to descend to what is less general, to such principles as the law of gravitation.
philosophical knowledge, if what has been said above is true, does not differ essentially from scientific knowledge; there is no special source of wisdom which is open to philosophy but not to science, and the results obtained by philosophy are not radically different from those obtained from science.
the essential characteristic of philosophy, which makes it a study distinct from science, is criticism.
it examines critically the principles employed in science and in daily life; it searches out any inconsistencies there may be in these principles, and it only accepts them when, as the result of a critical inquiry, no reason for rejecting them has appeared.
if, as many philosophers have believed, the principles underlying the sciences were capable, when disengaged from irrelevant detail, of giving us knowledge concerning the universe as a whole, such knowledge would have the same claim on our belief as scientific knowledge has; but our inquiry has not revealed any such knowledge, and therefore, as regards the special doctrines of the bolder metaphysicians, has had a mainly negative result.
but as regards what would be commonly accepted as knowledge, our result is in the main positive: we have seldom found reason to reject such knowledge as the result of our criticism, and we have seen no reason to suppose man incapable of the kind of knowledge which he is generally believed to possess.
if we adopt the attitude of the complete sceptic, placing ourselves wholly outside all knowledge, and asking, from this outside position, to be compelled to return within the circle of knowledge, we are demanding what is impossible, and our scepticism can never be refuted.
for all refutation must begin with some piece of knowledge which the disputants share; from blank doubt, no argument can begin.
hence the criticism of knowledge which philosophy employs must not be of this destructive kind, if any result is to be achieved.
but it is not difficult to see that scepticism of this kind is unreasonable.
descartes' 'methodical doubt', with which modern philosophy began, is not of this kind, but is rather the kind of criticism which we are asserting to be the essence of philosophy.
his 'methodical doubt' consisted in doubting whatever seemed doubtful; in pausing, with each apparent piece of knowledge, to ask himself whether, on reflection, he could feel certain that he really knew it.
this is the kind of criticism which constitutes philosophy.
some knowledge, such as knowledge of the existence of our sense-data, appears quite indubitable, however calmly and thoroughly we reflect upon it.
in regard to such knowledge, philosophical criticism does not require that we should abstain from belief.
but there are beliefs--such, for example, as the belief that physical objects exactly resemble our sense-data--which are entertained until we begin to reflect, but are found to melt away when subjected to a close inquiry.
such beliefs philosophy will bid us reject, unless some new line of argument is found to support them.
but to reject the beliefs which do not appear open to any objections, however closely we examine them, is not reasonable, and is not what philosophy advocates.
the criticism aimed at, in a word, is not that which, without reason, determines to reject, but that which considers each piece of apparent knowledge on its merits, and retains whatever still appears to be knowledge when this consideration is completed.
that some risk of error remains must be admitted, since human beings are fallible.
philosophy may claim justly that it diminishes the risk of error, and that in some cases it renders the risk so small as to be practically negligible.
to do more than this is not possible in a world where mistakes must occur; and more than this no prudent advocate of philosophy would claim to have performed.
it is the more necessary to consider this question, in view of the fact that many men, under the influence of science or of practical affairs, are inclined to doubt whether philosophy is anything better than innocent but useless trifling, hair-splitting distinctions, and controversies on matters concerning which knowledge is impossible.
this view of philosophy appears to result, partly from a wrong conception of the ends of life, partly from a wrong conception of the kind of goods which philosophy strives to achieve.
physical science, through the medium of inventions, is useful to innumerable people who are wholly ignorant of it; thus the study of physical science is to be recommended, not only, or primarily, because of the effect on the student, but rather because of the effect on mankind in general.
thus utility does not belong to philosophy.
if the study of philosophy has any value at all for others than students of philosophy, it must be only indirectly, through its effects upon the lives of those who study it.
it is in these effects, therefore, if anywhere, that the value of philosophy must be primarily sought.
but further, if we are not to fail in our endeavour to determine the value of philosophy, we must first free our minds from the prejudices of what are wrongly called 'practical' men.
the 'practical' man, as this word is often used, is one who recognizes only material needs, who realizes that men must have food for the body, but is oblivious of the necessity of providing food for the mind.
if all men were well off, if poverty and disease had been reduced to their lowest possible point, there would still remain much to be done to produce a valuable society; and even in the existing world the goods of the mind are at least as important as the goods of the body.
it is exclusively among the goods of the mind that the value of philosophy is to be found; and only those who are not indifferent to these goods can be persuaded that the study of philosophy is not a waste of time.
philosophy, like all other studies, aims primarily at knowledge.
the knowledge it aims at is the kind of knowledge which gives unity and system to the body of the sciences, and the kind which results from a critical examination of the grounds of our convictions, prejudices, and beliefs.
but it cannot be maintained that philosophy has had any very great measure of success in its attempts to provide definite answers to its questions.
if you ask a mathematician, a mineralogist, a historian, or any other man of learning, what definite body of truths has been ascertained by his science, his answer will last as long as you are willing to listen.
but if you put the same question to a philosopher, he will, if he is candid, have to confess that his study has not achieved positive results such as have been achieved by other sciences.
it is true that this is partly accounted for by the fact that, as soon as definite knowledge concerning any subject becomes possible, this subject ceases to be called philosophy, and becomes a separate science.
the whole study of the heavens, which now belongs to astronomy, was once included in philosophy; newton's great work was called 'the mathematical principles of natural philosophy'.
similarly, the study of the human mind, which was a part of philosophy, has now been separated from philosophy and has become the science of psychology.
thus, to a great extent, the uncertainty of philosophy is more apparent than real: those questions which are already capable of definite answers are placed in the sciences, while those only to which, at present, no definite answer can be given, remain to form the residue which is called philosophy.
this is, however, only a part of the truth concerning the uncertainty of philosophy.
there are many questions--and among them those that are of the profoundest interest to our spiritual life--which, so far as we can see, must remain insoluble to the human intellect unless its powers become of quite a different order from what they are now.
has the universe any unity of plan or purpose, or is it a fortuitous concourse of atoms?
is consciousness a permanent part of the universe, giving hope of indefinite growth in wisdom, or is it a transitory accident on a small planet on which life must ultimately become impossible?
are good and evil of importance to the universe or only to man?
such questions are asked by philosophy, and variously answered by various philosophers.
but it would seem that, whether answers be otherwise discoverable or not, the answers suggested by philosophy are none of them demonstrably true.
yet, however slight may be the hope of discovering an answer, it is part of the business of philosophy to continue the consideration of such questions, to make us aware of their importance, to examine all the approaches to them, and to keep alive that speculative interest in the universe which is apt to be killed by confining ourselves to definitely ascertainable knowledge.
many philosophers, it is true, have held that philosophy could establish the truth of certain answers to such fundamental questions.
they have supposed that what is of most importance in religious beliefs could be proved by strict demonstration to be true.
in order to judge of such attempts, it is necessary to take a survey of human knowledge, and to form an opinion as to its methods and its limitations.
on such a subject it would be unwise to pronounce dogmatically; but if the investigations of our previous chapters have not led us astray, we shall be compelled to renounce the hope of finding philosophical proofs of religious beliefs.
we cannot, therefore, include as part of the value of philosophy any definite set of answers to such questions.
hence, once more, the value of philosophy must not depend upon any supposed body of definitely ascertainable knowledge to be acquired by those who study it.
the value of philosophy is, in fact, to be sought largely in its very uncertainty.
the man who has no tincture of philosophy goes through life imprisoned in the prejudices derived from common sense, from the habitual beliefs of his age or his nation, and from convictions which have grown up in his mind without the co-operation or consent of his deliberate reason.
to such a man the world tends to become definite, finite, obvious; common objects rouse no questions, and unfamiliar possibilities are contemptuously rejected.
as soon as we begin to philosophize, on the contrary, we find, as we saw in our opening chapters, that even the most everyday things lead to problems to which only very incomplete answers can be given.
philosophy, though unable to tell us with certainty what is the true answer to the doubts which it raises, is able to suggest many possibilities which enlarge our thoughts and free them from the tyranny of custom.
thus, while diminishing our feeling of certainty as to what things are, it greatly increases our knowledge as to what they may be; it removes the somewhat arrogant dogmatism of those who have never travelled into the region of liberating doubt, and it keeps alive our sense of wonder by showing familiar things in an unfamiliar aspect.
apart from its utility in showing unsuspected possibilities, philosophy has a value--perhaps its chief value--through the greatness of the objects which it contemplates, and the freedom from narrow and personal aims resulting from this contemplation.
the life of the instinctive man is shut up within the circle of his private interests: family and friends may be included, but the outer world is not regarded except as it may help or hinder what comes within the circle of instinctive wishes.
in such a life there is something feverish and confined, in comparison with which the philosophic life is calm and free.
the private world of instinctive interests is a small one, set in the midst of a great and powerful world which must, sooner or later, lay our private world in ruins.
unless we can so enlarge our interests as to include the whole outer world, we remain like a garrison in a beleagured fortress, knowing that the enemy prevents escape and that ultimate surrender is inevitable.
in such a life there is no peace, but a constant strife between the insistence of desire and the powerlessness of will.
in one way or another, if our life is to be great and free, we must escape this prison and this strife.
one way of escape is by philosophic contemplation.
philosophic contemplation does not, in its widest survey, divide the universe into two hostile camps--friends and foes, helpful and hostile, good and bad--it views the whole impartially.
philosophic contemplation, when it is unalloyed, does not aim at proving that the rest of the universe is akin to man.
all acquisition of knowledge is an enlargement of the self, but this enlargement is best attained when it is not directly sought.
it is obtained when the desire for knowledge is alone operative, by a study which does not wish in advance that its objects should have this or that character, but adapts the self to the characters which it finds in its objects.
this enlargement of self is not obtained when, taking the self as it is, we try to show that the world is so similar to this self that knowledge of it is possible without any admission of what seems alien.
the desire to prove this is a form of self-assertion and, like all self-assertion, it is an obstacle to the growth of self which it desires, and of which the self knows that it is capable.
self-assertion, in philosophic speculation as elsewhere, views the world as a means to its own ends; thus it makes the world of less account than self, and the self sets bounds to the greatness of its goods.
in contemplation, on the contrary, we start from the not-self, and through its greatness the boundaries of self are enlarged; through the infinity of the universe the mind which contemplates it achieves some share in infinity.
for this reason greatness of soul is not fostered by those philosophies which assimilate the universe to man.
knowledge is a form of union of self and not-self; like all union, it is impaired by dominion, and therefore by any attempt to force the universe into conformity with what we find in ourselves.
there is a widespread philosophical tendency towards the view which tells us that man is the measure of all things, that truth is man-made, that space and time and the world of universals are properties of the mind, and that, if there be anything not created by the mind, it is unknowable and of no account for us.
this view, if our previous discussions were correct, is untrue; but in addition to being untrue, it has the effect of robbing philosophic contemplation of all that gives it value, since it fetters contemplation to self.
what it calls knowledge is not a union with the not-self, but a set of prejudices, habits, and desires, making an impenetrable veil between us and the world beyond.
the man who finds pleasure in such a theory of knowledge is like the man who never leaves the domestic circle for fear his word might not be law.
the true philosophic contemplation, on the contrary, finds its satisfaction in every enlargement of the not-self, in everything that magnifies the objects contemplated, and thereby the subject contemplating.
everything, in contemplation, that is personal or private, everything that depends upon habit, self-interest, or desire, distorts the object, and hence impairs the union which the intellect seeks.
by thus making a barrier between subject and object, such personal and private things become a prison to the intellect.
hence also the free intellect will value more the abstract and universal knowledge into which the accidents of private history do not enter, than the knowledge brought by the senses, and dependent, as such knowledge must be, upon an exclusive and personal point of view and a body whose sense-organs distort as much as they reveal.
the mind which has become accustomed to the freedom and impartiality of philosophic contemplation will preserve something of the same freedom and impartiality in the world of action and emotion.
it will view its purposes and desires as parts of the whole, with the absence of insistence that results from seeing them as infinitesimal fragments in a world of which all the rest is unaffected by any one man's deeds.
the impartiality which, in contemplation, is the unalloyed desire for truth, is the very same quality of mind which, in action, is justice, and in emotion is that universal love which can be given to all, and not only to those who are judged useful or admirable.
thus contemplation enlarges not only the objects of our thoughts, but also the objects of our actions and our affections: it makes us citizens of the universe, not only of one walled city at war with all the rest.
in this citizenship of the universe consists man's true freedom, and his liberation from the thraldom of narrow hopes and fears.
thus, to sum up our discussion of the value of philosophy; philosophy is to be studied, not for the sake of any definite answers to its questions, since no definite answers can, as a rule, be known to be true, but rather for the sake of the questions themselves; because these questions enlarge our conception of what is possible, enrich our intellectual imagination and diminish the dogmatic assurance which closes the mind against speculation; but above all because, through the greatness of the universe which philosophy contemplates, the mind also is rendered great, and becomes capable of that union with the universe which constitutes its highest good.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
such adventures are the treasure troves of the skilful reporter.
the cross currents and reactions that lead up to any explosion of greed or passion that we call crime are often worth following, not only for their plots, but as proofs of the pain and terror of transgression.
brave deeds or heroic resistances are all too seldom presented in full length in the news, and generously portrayed prove the nobility inherent in every-day life.
the broad domain of the sunday magazine editor covers all that may be rare and curious or novel in the arts and sciences, in music and verse, in religion and the occult, on the stage and in sport.
achievements and controversies are ever culminating in these diverse fields, and the men and women actors therein make admirable subjects for his pages.
provided the editor has at his disposal skilled writers who have the fine arts of vivid and simple exposition and of the brief personal sketch, there is nothing of human interest that may not be presented.
if he has done anything that gives him a place in the news of to-day, he is presented to you.
it seems to me that the leading feature of the sunday magazine should be the biggest topic that will be before the public on the sunday that the newspaper is printed.
it should be written by one who thoroughly knows his subject, who is forceful in style and fluent in words, who can make a picture that his readers can see, and seeing, realize.
so every other feature of the sunday magazine should have points of human interest, either by contact with the news of the day or with men and women who are doing something besides getting divorces and creating scandals.
i firmly believe that the coming sunday magazine will contain articles of information without being dull or encyclopdic, articles of adventure that are real and timely, articles of scientific discoveries that are authentic, interviews with men and women who have messages, and interpretations of news and analyses of every-day themes, together with sketches, poems, and essays that are not tedious, but have a reason for being printed.
the great majority of magazines differ from all newspapers in one important respect--extent of circulation.
popular magazines have a nation-wide distribution.
it is only among agricultural and trade journals that we find a distinctly sectional circulation.
some of these publications serve subscribers in only one state or section, and others issue separate state or sectional editions.
the best basis of differentiation among magazines, then, is not the extent of circulation but the class of readers appealed to, regardless of the part of the country in which the readers live.
the popular general magazine, monthly or weekly, aims to attract readers of all classes in all parts of the united states.
the staff is recruited from writers and editors on newspapers and other magazines.
its members often perform various editorial duties in addition to writing articles.
publications edited in this way buy few if any articles from outsiders.
magazines that do not follow the staff system depend largely or entirely on contributors.
every editor daily receives many manuscripts submitted by writers on their own initiative.
from these he selects the material best adapted to his publication.
experienced writers often submit an outline of an article to a magazine editor for his approval before preparing the material for publication.
free-lance writers of reputation may be asked by magazine editors to prepare articles on given subjects.
in addition to material obtained in these ways, articles may be secured from specialists who write as an avocation.
an editor generally decides on the subject that he thinks will interest his readers at a given time and then selects the authority best fitted to treat it in a popular way.
to induce well-known men to prepare such articles, an editor generally offers them more than he normally pays.
a periodical may encourage its readers to send in short articles giving their own experiences and explaining how to do something in which they have become skilled.
to obtain them magazines sometimes offer prizes for the best, reserving the privilege of publishing acceptable articles that do not win an award.
aspiring writers should take advantage of these prize contests as a possible means of getting both publication and money for their work.
the belief is common among novices that because they are unknown their work is likely to receive little or no consideration from editors.
as a matter of fact, in the majority of newspaper and magazine offices all unsolicited manuscripts are considered strictly on their merits.
the unknown writer has as good a chance as anybody of having his manuscript accepted, provided that his work has merit comparable with that of more experienced writers.
with the exception of certain newspapers that depend entirely on syndicates for their special features, and of a few popular magazines that have the staff system or that desire only the work of well-known writers, every publication welcomes special articles and short stories by novices.
they not infrequently tell how they accepted a short story, an article, or some verse by an author of whom they had never before heard, because they were impressed with the quality of it, and how the verdict of their readers confirmed their own judgment.
the relatively small number of amateurs who undertake special articles, compared with the hundreds of thousands who try their hand at short stories, makes the opportunities for special feature writers all the greater.
then, too, the number of professional writers of special articles is comparatively small.
this is particularly true of writers who are able effectively to popularize scientific and technical material, as well as of those who can present in popular form the results of social and economic investigations.
since the essential qualifications just enumerated are not limited to men, women are quite as well fitted to write special feature and magazine articles as are their brothers in the craft.
in fact, woman's quicker sympathies and readier emotional response to many phases of life give her a distinct advantage.
both the delicacy of touch and the chatty, personal tone that characterize the work of many young women, are well suited to numerous topics.
in some fields, such as cooking, sewing, teaching, the care of children, and household management, woman's greater knowledge and understanding of conditions furnish her with topics that are vital to other women and often not uninteresting to men.
the entry of women into occupations hitherto open only to men is bringing new experiences to many women, and is furnishing women writers with additional fields from which to draw subjects and material.
ever since the beginning of popular magazines and of special feature writing for newspapers, women writers have proved their ability, but at no time have the opportunities for them been greater than at present.
like the newspaper reporter, the writer of special articles must be able to recognize what at a given moment will interest the average reader.
like the reporter, also, he must know how much it will interest him.
an alert, responsive attitude of mind toward everything that is going on in the world, and especially in that part of the world immediately around him, will reveal a host of subjects.
by reading newspapers, magazines, and books, as well as by intercourse with persons of various classes, a writer keeps in contact with what people are thinking and talking about, in the world at large and in his own community.
in this way he finds subjects and also learns how to connect his subjects with events and movements of interest the country over.
not only should he be quick to recognize a good subject; he must be able to see the attractive and significant aspects of it.
he must understand which of its phases touch most closely the life and the interests of the average person for whom he is writing.
a sympathetic insight into the lives of his readers is necessary for every writer who hopes to quicken his subject with vital interest.
it comes pretty near being the truth to say that a great journalist is a super-gossip--not about trivial things but about important things.
unless a man has a ceaseless desire to learn what is going on in the heads of others, he won't be much of a journalist--for how can you write about others unless you know about others?
in journalism men are needed who have a natural sense of wonder.... you must wonder at man's achievements, at man's stupidity, at his honesty, crookedness, courage, cowardice--at everything that is remarkable about him wherever and whenever it appears.
if you haven't this sense of wonder, you will never write a novel or become a great reporter, because you simply won't see anything to write about.
men will be doing amazing things under your very eyes--and you won't even know it.
ability to investigate a subject thoroughly, and to gather material accurately, is absolutely necessary for any writer who aims to do acceptable work.
careless, inaccurate writers are the bane of the magazine editor's life.
whenever mistakes appear in an article, readers are sure to write to the editor calling his attention to them.
moreover, the discovery of incorrect statements impairs the confidence of readers in the magazine.
if there is reason to doubt the correctness of any data in an article, the editor takes pains to check over the facts carefully before publication.
he is not inclined to accept work a second time from a writer who has once proved unreliable.
to interpret correctly the essential significance of data is as important as to record them accurately.
readers want to know the meaning of facts and figures, and it is the writer's mission to bring out this meaning.
to observe accurately, to feel keenly, and to interpret sympathetically and correctly whatever he undertakes to write about, should be a writer's constant aim.
ease, fluency, and originality of diction, either natural or acquired, the writer must possess if his work is to have distinction.
the ideal preparation for a writer of special articles would include a four-year college course, at least a year's work as a newspaper reporter, and practical experience in some other occupation or profession in which the writer intends to specialize in his writing.
although not all persons who desire to do special feature work will be able to prepare themselves in this way, most of them can obtain some part of this preliminary training.
a college course, although not absolutely essential for success, is generally recognized to be of great value as a preparation for writing.
college training aims to develop the student's ability to observe accurately, to think logically, and to express his ideas clearly and effectively--all of which is vital to good special feature writing.
in addition, such a course gives a student a knowledge of many subjects that he will find useful for his articles.
a liberal education furnishes a background that is invaluable for all kinds of literary work.
universities also offer excellent opportunities for specialization.
intensive study in some one field of knowledge, such as agriculture, banking and finance, home economics, public health, social service, government and politics, or one of the physical sciences, makes it possible for a writer to specialize in his articles.
in choosing a department in which to do special work in college, a student may be guided by his own tastes and interests, or he may select some field in which there is considerable demand for well trained writers.
the man or woman with a specialty has a superior equipment for writing.
with the development of courses in journalism in many colleges and universities has come the opportunity to obtain instruction and practice, not only in the writing of special feature and magazine articles, but also in newspaper reporting, editing, and short story writing.
to write constantly under guidance and criticism, such as it is impossible to secure in newspaper and magazine offices, will develop whatever ability a student possesses.
experience as a newspaper reporter supplements college training in journalism and is the best substitute for college work generally available to persons who cannot go to college.
for any one who aspires to write, reporting has several distinct advantages and some dangers.
the requirement that news be printed at the earliest possible moment teaches newspaper workers to collect facts and opinions quickly and to write them up rapidly under pressure.
newspaper work also develops a writer's appreciation of what constitutes news and what determines news values; that is, it helps him to recognize at once, not only what interests the average reader, but how much it interests him.
then, too, in the course of his round of news gathering a reporter sees more of human life under a variety of circumstances than do workers in any other occupation.
such experience not only supplies him with an abundance of material, but gives him a better understanding and a more sympathetic appreciation of the life of all classes.
to get the most out of his reporting, a writer must guard against two dangers.
one is the temptation to be satisfied with superficial work hastily done.
the necessity of writing rapidly under pressure and of constantly handling similar material, encourages neglect of the niceties of structure and of style.
in the rush of rapid writing, the importance of care in the choice of words and in the arrangement of phrases and clauses is easily forgotten.
even though well-edited newspapers insist on the highest possible degree of accuracy in presenting news, the exigencies of newspaper publishing often make it impossible to verify facts or to attain absolute accuracy.
consequently a reporter may drop into the habit of being satisfied with less thorough methods of collecting and presenting his material than are demanded by the higher standards of magazine writing.
the second danger is that he may unconsciously permit a more or less cynical attitude to replace the healthy, optimistic outlook with which he began his work.
with the seamy side of life constantly before him, he may find that his faith in human nature is being undermined.
if, however, he loses his idealism, he cannot hope to give his articles that sincerity, hopefulness, and constructive spirit demanded by the average reader, who, on the whole, retains his belief that truth and righteousness prevail.
of the relation of newspaper reporting to the writing of magazine articles and to magazine editing, mr. howard wheeler, editor of everybody's magazine, has said: it is the trained newspaper men that the big periodical publishers are reaching out for.
the man who has been through the newspaper mill seems to have a distinct edge on the man who enters the field without any newspaper training.
the nose for news, the ability to select and play up leads, the feel of what is of immediate public interest is just as important in magazine work as in newspaper work.
fundamentally the purpose of a magazine article is the same as the purpose of a newspaper story--to tell a tale, to tell it directly, convincingly, and interestingly.
practical experience in the field of his specialty is of advantage in familiarizing a writer with the actual conditions about which he is preparing himself to write.
to engage for some time in farming, railroading, household management, or any other occupation, equips a person to write more intelligently about it.
such practical experience either supplements college training in a special field, or serves as the best substitute for such specialized education.
all the requirements for success in special feature writing may be reduced to the trite dictum that editors want what they believe their readers want.
although a commonplace, it expresses a point of view that aspiring writers are apt to forget.
from a purely commercial standpoint, editors are middlemen who buy from producers what they believe they can sell to their customers.
unless an editor satisfies his readers with his articles, they will cease to buy his publication.
if his literary wares are not what his readers want, he finds on the newsstands unsold piles of his publication, just as a grocer finds on his shelves faded packages of an unpopular breakfast food.
both editor and grocer undertake to buy from the producers what will have a ready sale and will satisfy their customers.
the writer, then, as the producer, must furnish wares that will attract and satisfy the readers of the periodical to which he desires to sell his product.
it is the ultimate consumer, not merely the editor, that he must keep in mind in selecting his material and in writing his article.
is the question that he must ask himself at every stage of his work.
unless he can convince himself that the average person who reads the periodical to which he proposes to submit his article will like what he is writing, he cannot hope to sell it to the editor.
instead of thinking of readers as a more or less indefinite mass, the writer will find it advantageous to picture to himself real persons who may be taken as typical readers.
it is very easy for an author to think that what interests him and his immediate circle will appeal equally to people in general.
to write successfully, however, for the sunday magazine of a newspaper, it is necessary to keep in mind the butcher, the baker, and--if not the candlestick-maker, at least the stenographer and the department store clerk--as well as the doctor, lawyer, merchant, and chief.
what is true of the sunday newspaper is true of the popular magazine.
the most successful publisher in this country attributes the success of his periodical to the fact that he kept before his mind's eye, as a type, a family of his acquaintance in a middle-western town of fifteen hundred inhabitants, and shaped the policy of his publication to meet the needs and interests of all its members.
an editor who desired to reach such a family would be immeasurably helped in selecting his material by trying constantly to judge from their point of view whatever passed through his hands.
it is equally true that a writer desiring to gain admittance to that magazine, or to others making the same appeal, would greatly profit by visualizing as vividly as possible a similar family.
every successful writer, consciously or unconsciously, thus pictures his readers to himself.
if, for example, an author is preparing an article for an agricultural journal, he must have in his mind's eye an average farmer and this farmer's family.
not only must he see them in their surroundings; he must try to see life from their point of view.
the attitude of the typical city man toward the farm and country life is very different from that of the countryman.
lack of sympathy and insight is a fatal defect in many an article intended by the writer for farm readers.
whatever the publication to which an author desires to contribute, he should consider first, last, and all the time, its readers--their surroundings, their education, their income, their ambitions, their amusements, their prejudices--in short, he must see them as they really are.
underneath it, somehow, lies a great law, the law of service.
you can't expect to attract people unless you do something for them.
the business man who has something to sell must have something useful to sell, and he must talk about it from the point of view of the people to whom he wants to sell his goods.
in the same way, the journalist, the preacher, and the politician must look at things from the point of view of those they would reach.
they must feel the needs of others and then reach out and meet those needs.
they can never have a large following unless they give something.
the same law runs into the human relation.
since every successful publication may be assumed to be satisfying its readers to a considerable degree, the best way to determine what kind of readers it has, and what they are interested in, is to study the contents carefully.
no writer should send an article to a publication before he has examined critically several of its latest issues.
in fact, no writer should prepare an article before deciding to just what periodical he wishes to submit it.
the more familiar he is with the periodical the better are his chances of having his contribution accepted.
in analyzing a newspaper or magazine in order to determine the type of reader to which it appeals, the writer should consider the character of the subjects in its recent issues, and the point of view from which these subjects are presented.
every successful periodical has a distinct individuality, which may be regarded as an expression of the editor's idea of what his readers expect of his publication.
to become a successful contributor to a periodical, a writer must catch the spirit that pervades its fiction and its editorials, as well as its special articles.
in his effort to determine the kind of topics preferred by a given publication, a writer may at first glance decide that timeliness is the one element that dominates their choice, but a closer examination of the articles in one or more issues will reveal a more specific basis of selection.
thus, one sunday paper will be found to contain articles on the latest political, sociological, and literary topics, while another deals almost exclusively with society leaders, actors and actresses, and other men and women whose recent experiences or adventures have brought them into prominence.
it is of even greater value to find out by careful reading of the entire contents of several numbers of a periodical, the exact point of view from which the material is treated.
every editor aims to present the contents of his publication in the way that will make the strongest appeal to his readers.
this point of view it is the writer's business to discover and adopt.
an inexperienced writer who desires to submit special feature stories to newspapers should begin by analyzing thoroughly the stories of this type in the daily papers published in his own section of the country.
usually in the saturday or sunday issues he will find typical articles on topics connected with the city and with the state or states in which the paper circulates.
the advantage of beginning his study of newspaper stories with those published in papers near his home lies in the fact that he is familiar with the interests of the readers of these papers and can readily understand their point of view.
by noting the subjects, the point of view, the form, the style, the length, and the illustrations, he will soon discover what these papers want, or rather, what the readers of these papers want.
in order to get a broader knowledge of the scope and character of special feature stories, a writer may well extend his studies to the magazine sections of the leading papers of the country.
from the work of the most experienced and original of the feature writers, which is generally to be found in these metropolitan papers, the novice will derive no little inspiration as well as a valuable knowledge of technique.
the methods suggested for analyzing special feature stories in newspapers are applicable also to the study of magazine articles.
magazines afford a better opportunity than do newspapers for an analysis of the different types of articles discussed in chapter v. since magazine articles are usually signed, it is possible to seek out and study the work of various successful authors in order to determine wherein lies the effectiveness of their writing.
beginning with the popular weekly and monthly magazines, a writer may well extend his study to those periodicals that appeal to particular classes, such as women's magazines, agricultural journals, and trade publications.
after thoughtful analysis of special articles in all kinds of newspapers and magazines, the young writer with a critical sense developed by reading english literature may come to feel that much of the writing in periodicals falls far short of the standards of excellence established by the best authors.
because he finds that the average uncritical reader not only accepts commonplace work but is apparently attracted by meretricious devices in writing, he may conclude that high literary standards are not essential to popular success.
the temptation undoubtedly is great both for editors and writers to supply articles that are no better than the average reader demands, especially in such ephemeral publications as newspapers and popular magazines.
nevertheless, the writer who yields to this temptation is sure to produce only mediocre work.
the special feature writer owes it both to himself and to his readers to do the best work of which he is capable.
it is his privilege not only to inform and to entertain the public, but to create better taste and a keener appreciation of good writing.
that readers do not demand better writing in their newspapers and magazines does not mean that they are unappreciative of good work.
whenever writers and editors give the public something no better than it is willing to accept, they neglect a great opportunity to aid in the development of better literary taste, particularly on the part of the public whose reading is largely confined to newspapers and periodicals.
because of the commercial value of satisfying his readers, an editor occasionally assumes that he must give all of them whatever some of them crave.
a heterogeneous public inevitably includes a considerable number of individuals who are attracted by a suggestive treatment of morbid phases of life.
the writer's opportunity to influence the mental, moral, and sthetic ideals of hundreds of thousands of readers is much greater than he often realizes.
when he considers the extent to which most men and women are unconsciously guided in their ideas and aspirations by what they read in newspapers and magazines, he cannot fail to appreciate his responsibility.
grasping the full significance of his special feature writing, he will no longer be content to write just well enough to sell his product, but will determine to devote his effort to producing articles that are the best of which he is capable.
is the first question that inexperienced writers ask their literary advisers.
most persons, as a matter of fact, have plenty to write about but do not realize it.
not lack of subjects, but inability to recognize the possibilities of what lies at hand, is their real difficulty.
the best method of finding subjects is to look at every person, every event, every experience--in short, at everything--with a view to seeing whether or not it has possibilities for a special feature article.
even in the apparently prosaic round of everyday life will be found a variety of themes.
this statement may be taken as literally true.
within the narrow confines of one's house and yard, for instance, are many topics.
a year's experience with the family budget, a home-made device, an attempt to solve the servant problem, a method of making pin-money, a practical means of economizing in household management, are forms of personal experience that may be made interesting to newspaper and magazine readers.
a garden on a city lot, a poultry house in a back yard, a novel form of garage, a new use for a gasoline engine, a labor-saving device on the farm, may afford equally good topics.
one's own experience, always a rich field, may be supplemented by experiences of neighbors and friends.
a second source of subjects is the daily newspaper.
local news will give the writer clues that he can follow up by visiting the places mentioned, interviewing the persons concerned, and gathering other relevant material.
when news comes from a distance, he can write to the persons most likely to have the desired information.
in neither case can he be sure, until he has investigated, that an item of news will prove to contain sufficient available material for an article.
many pieces of news, however, are worth running down carefully, for the day's events are rich in possibilities.
pieces of news as diverse as the following may suggest excellent subjects for special articles: the death of an interesting person, the sale of a building that has historic associations, the meeting of an uncommon group or organization, the approach of the anniversary of an event, the election or appointment of a person to a position, an unusual occupation, an odd accident, an auction, a proposed municipal improvement, the arrival of a well-known person, an official report, a legal decision, an epidemic, the arrest of a noted criminal, the passing of an old custom, the publication of the city directory, a railroad accident, a marked change in fashion in dress.
a third source of both subjects and material is the report of special studies in some field, the form of the report ranging from a paper read at a meeting to a treatise in several volumes.
these reports of experiments, surveys, investigations, and other forms of research, are to be found in printed bulletins, monographs, proceedings of organizations, scientific periodicals, and new books.
government publications--federal, state, and local--giving results of investigative work done by bureaus, commissions, and committees, are public documents that may usually be had free of charge.
technical and scientific periodicals and printed proceedings of important organizations are generally available at public libraries.
government reports are filled with valuable information that remains quite unknown to the average reader unless newspapers and magazines unearth it and present it in popular form.
the popularization of the contents of all kinds of scientific and technical publications affords great opportunities for the writer who can present such subjects effectively.
the real revolutions are hatched in the laboratory and study.
the papers read before the annual meetings of the scientific societies, and for the most part unnoticed by the press, contain more dynamite than was ever discovered in any anarchist's shop.
political revolutions merely change the form of government or the name of the party in power.
scientific revolutions really turn the world over, and it never settles back into its former position.
* * * * * the beauty and meaning of scientific discoveries can be revealed to the general reader if there is an intermediary who can understand equally the language of the laboratory and of the street.
the modern journalist knows that anything can be made interesting to anybody, if he takes pains enough with the writing of it.
it is not necessary, either, to pervert scientific truths in the process of translation into the vernacular.
the facts are sensational enough without any picturesque exaggeration.
* * * * * the field is not an unprofitable one even in the mercenary sense.
to higher motives the task of popularizing science makes a still stronger appeal.
ignorance is the source of most of our ills.
ignorant we must always be of much that we need to know, but there is no excuse for remaining ignorant of what somebody on earth knows or has known.
the journalist might well exchange the muckrake for the pick and dig it out.
nothing could accelerate human progress more than to reduce the time between the discovery of a new truth and its application to the needs of mankind....
it is regarded as a great journalistic achievement when the time of transmission of a cablegram is shortened.
but how much more important it is to gain a few years in learning what the men who are in advance of their age are doing than to gain a few seconds in learning what the people of europe are doing?
this lag in intellectual progress ... is something which it is the especial duty of the journalist to remove.
he likes to score a beat of a few hours.
very well, if he will turn his attention to science, he can often score a beat of ten years.
how a writer may discover subjects for newspaper feature articles in the course of his daily routine by being alive to the possibilities around him can best be shown by concrete examples.
magazine articles also may originate in the writer's observation of what is going on about him.
the specific instances given below, like those already mentioned, will indicate to the inexperienced writer where to look for inspiration.
during a short stop at a farm while on an automobile trip, a woman writer noticed a concrete storage cellar for vegetables, and from an interview with the farmer obtained enough material for an article, which she sold to a farm journal.
while a woman writer was making a purchase in a plumber's shop, the plumber was called to the telephone.
on returning to his customer, he remarked that the call was from a woman on a farm five miles from town, who could easily have made the slight repairs herself if she had known a little about the water-supply system on her farm.
from the material which the writer obtained from the plumber, she wrote an article for an agricultural paper on how plumber's bills can be avoided.
what we actually do ourselves, as well as what we see others do, may be turned to good use in writing articles.
personal experiences not only afford good subjects and plenty of material but are more easily handled than most other subjects, because, being very real and vital to the writer, they can the more readily be made real and vital to the reader.
many inexperienced writers overlook the possibilities of what they themselves have done and are doing.
to gain experience and impressions for their articles, special writers on newspapers even assume temporarily the roles of persons whose lives and experiences they desire to portray.
one chicago paper featured every sunday for many weeks articles by a reporter who, in order to get material, did a variety of things just for one day, from playing in a strolling street band to impersonating a convict in the state penitentiary.
recently one woman writer posed as an applicant for a position as moving-picture actress; another applied for a place as housemaid; a third donned overalls and sorted scrap-iron all day in the yard of a factory; and still another accompanied a store detective on his rounds in order to discover the methods of shop-lifting with which department stores have to contend.
it is not necessary, however, to go so far afield to obtain personal experiences, as is shown by the following newspaper and magazine articles based on what the writers found in the course of their everyday pursuits.
both usual and unusual means employed to earn their college expenses have served as subjects for many special articles written by undergraduates and graduates.
results of experiments in solving various problems of household management are so constantly in demand by women's magazines and women's departments in newspapers, that housewives who like to write find a ready market for articles based on their own experience.
told in the first person, often anonymously, a well-written confession article is one of the most effective forms in which to present facts and experiences.
personal experiences of others, as well as the writer's own, may be given in confession form if the writer is able to secure sufficiently detailed information from some one else to make the story probable.
a few examples will illustrate the kind of subjects that have been presented successfully in the confession form.
in his search for subjects a writer will find numberless clues in newspapers.
since the first information concerning all new things is usually given to the world through the columns of the daily press, these columns are scanned carefully by writers in search of suggestions.
the diversity of topics suggested by newspapers is shown by the following examples.
the death of a well-known clown in new york was followed by a special feature story about him in the sunday magazine section of a chicago paper.
from a brief news item about the success of a farmer's widow and her daughter, in taking summer boarders in their old farmhouse, was developed a practical article telling how to secure and provide for these boarders on the ordinary farm.
bulletins and reports of government officials are a mine for both subjects and material.
for new developments in agriculture one may consult the bulletins of the united states department of agriculture and those of state agricultural experiment stations.
reports on new and better methods of preparing food, and other phases of home economics, are also printed in these bulletins.
state industrial commissions publish reports that furnish valuable material on industrial accidents, working-men's insurance, sanitary conditions in factories, and the health of workers.
child welfare is treated in reports of federal, state, and city child-welfare boards.
the reports of the interstate commerce commission, like those of state railroad commissions, contain interesting material on various phases of transportation.
state and federal census reports often furnish good subjects and material.
in short, nearly every official report of any kind may be a fruitful source of ideas for special articles.
the few examples given below suggest various possibilities for the use of these sources.
a practical bulletin, prepared by the home economics department of a state university, on the best arrangement of a kitchen to save needless steps, was used for articles in a number of farm journals.
almost every science and every art has its own special periodicals, from which can be gleaned a large number of subjects and much valuable material that needs only to be popularized to be made attractive to the average reader.
the printed proceedings of scientific and technical societies, including the papers read at their meetings, as well as monographs and books, are also valuable.
how such publications may be utilized is illustrated by the articles given below.
studies of the cause of hunger, made by prof. a.j.
by looking forward for weeks or even months, as editors of sunday newspapers and of magazines are constantly doing, a writer can select subjects and gather material for articles that will be particularly appropriate at a given time.
holidays, seasonal events, and anniversaries may thus be anticipated, and special articles may be sent to editors some time in advance of the occasion that makes them timely.
not infrequently it is desirable to begin collecting material a year before the intended time of publication.
an article on fire prevention, for instance, is appropriate for the month of october just before the day set aside for calling attention to fires caused by carelessness.
months in advance, a writer might begin collecting news stories of dangerous fires resulting from carelessness; and from the annual report of the state fire marshal issued in july, he could secure statistics on the causes of fires and the extent of the losses.
to secure material for an article on the christmas presents that children might make at a cost of twenty-five cents or less, a woman writer jotted down after one christmas all the information that she could get from her friends; and from these notes she wrote the article early in the following summer.
it was published in the november number of a magazine, at a time when children were beginning to think about making christmas presents.
articles on ways and means of earning college expenses are particularly appropriate for publication in the summer or early fall, when young men and women are preparing to go to college, but if in such an article a student writer intends to describe experiences other than his own, he may well begin gathering material from his fellow students some months before.
anniversaries of various events, such as important discoveries and inventions, the death or birth of a personage, and significant historical occasions, may also be anticipated.
by looking over tables giving dates of significant events, writers will find what anniversaries are approaching; or they may glean such information from news stories describing preparations made for celebrating these anniversaries.
every writer who is on the lookout for subjects and sources of material should keep a notebook constantly at hand.
subjects suggested by everyday experiences, by newspaper and magazine reading, and by a careful study of special articles in all kinds of publications, are likely to be forgotten unless they are recorded at once.
a small notebook that can be carried in the pocket or in a woman's hand-bag is most convenient.
besides topics for articles, the titles of books, reports, bulletins, and other publications mentioned in conversation or in newspapers, should be jotted down as possible sources of material.
facts and figures from publications may be copied for future use.
good titles and interesting methods of treatment that a writer observes in the work of others may prove helpful in suggesting titles and methods for his own articles.
separate sections of even a small notebook may conveniently be set aside for all of these various points.
the writer who makes methodical preparation for his work generally has some system of filing good material so that it will be at hand when he wants it.
one excellent filing device that is both inexpensive and capable of indefinite expansion consists of a number of stout manilla envelopes, large enough to hold newspaper clippings, printed reports, magazine articles, and photographs.
in each envelope is kept the material pertaining to one subject in which the writer is interested, the character of the subject-matter being indicated on one side of the envelope, so that, as the envelopes stand on end, their contents can readily be determined.
if a writer has many of these envelopes, a one-drawer filing case will serve to keep them in good order.
by constantly gathering material from newspapers, magazines, and printed reports, he will soon find that he has collected a considerable amount of information on which to base his articles.
when from many available subjects a writer is about to choose one, he should pause to consider its possibilities before beginning to write.
he needs to look at the topic from every angle.
how much will it appeal to the average individual?
to answer these questions he must review the basic sources of pleasure and satisfaction.
to interest readers is obviously the prime object in all popular writing.
the basis of interest in the news story, the special feature article, and the short story is essentially the same.
whatever the average person likes to hear and see, whatever gives him pleasure and satisfaction, is what he wants to read about.
in order to test all phases of a given subject from this point of view, a writer needs to keep in mind the fundamental sources of satisfaction.
though not absolutely essential, timeliness is a valuable attribute of any subject.
readers like to feel that they are getting the latest facts and the newest ideas, in special feature articles as well as in the news.
a subject need not be discarded, however, because it does not make a timely appeal.
it may have interest in other respects sufficiently great to compensate for its lack of timeliness.
many topics that at first glance seem quite unrelated to current activities are found on closer examination to have some aspects that may be brought into connection with timely interests.
to a writer keenly alive to everything that is going on in the world, most subjects will be found to have some bearing on what is uppermost in men's minds.
emphasis on that point of contact with current ideas will give to the article the desired timeliness.
when a person, object, or circumstance is unique, it arouses an unusual degree of interest.
the first person to accomplish something out of the ordinary, the first event of its kind, the first of anything, arrests attention.
closely associated with the unique is the extraordinary, the curious.
if not absolutely the only one of its kind, a thing may still be sufficiently unusual to excite an uncommon degree of interest.
careful study of a subject is often necessary to reveal the novel and extraordinary phase of it that can best be emphasized.
the fascination for the human mind of whatever baffles it is so well known that it scarcely needs elaboration.
mysteries, whether real or fictitious, pique curiosity.
even the scholar and the practical man of affairs find relaxation in the mystery of the detective story.
real life often furnishes events sufficiently mysterious to make a special feature story that rivals fiction.
unexplained crimes and accidents; strange psychical phenomena, such as ghosts, presentiments, spiritism, and telepathy; baffling problems of the scientist and the inventor--all have elements of mystery that fascinate the average reader.
the romance of real life is quite as interesting as that of fiction.
as all the world loves a lover, almost all the world loves a love story.
the course of true love may run smooth or it may not; in either case there is the romantic appeal.
to find the romantic element in a topic is to discover a perennial source of attraction for all classes of readers.
few in number are the persons who will not gladly escape from humdrum routine by losing themselves in an exciting tale of adventure.
the thrilling exploits in real life of the engineer, the explorer, the soldier of fortune, the pioneer in any field, hold us spellbound.
even more commonplace experiences are not without an element of the adventurous, for life itself is a great adventure.
many special feature stories in narrative form have much the same interest that is created by the fictitious tale of adventure.
man has never lost his primitive love of a good fight.
civilization may change the form of the contest, but fighting to win, whether in love or politics, business or sport, still has a strong hold on all of us.
strikes, attempted monopolies, political revolutions, elections, championship games, diplomacy, poverty, are but a few of the struggles that give zest to life.
to portray dramatically in a special article the clash and conflict in everyday affairs is to make a well-nigh universal appeal.
because we live in and for our children, everything that concerns them comes close to our hearts.
a child in a photo-drama or in a news story is sure to win sympathy and admiration.
the special feature writer cannot afford to neglect so vital a source of interest.
practical articles on the care and the education of children also have especial value for women readers.
wild or tame, at large or in captivity, animals attract us either for their almost human intelligence or for their distinctively animal traits.
hunting, trapping, and fishing are vocations for some men, and sport for many more.
the business of breeding horses and cattle, and the care of live stock and poultry on the farm, must not be overlooked in the search for subjects.
the technical aspects of these topics will interest readers of farm journals; the more popular phases of them make a wide general appeal.
pastimes and avocations may be counted good subjects.
moving pictures, theaters, music, baseball, golf, automobiles, amateur photography, and a host of hobbies and recreations have enough enthusiastic devotees to insure wide reading for special feature stories about them.
persons whom we know, places that we constantly see, experiences that we have had again and again, often seem commonplace enough, even when familiarity has not bred contempt; but when they appear unexpectedly on the stage or in print, we greet them with the cordiality bestowed on the proverbial long-lost friend.
local news interests readers because it concerns people and places immediately around them.
for special feature stories in newspapers, local phases are no less important.
many persons, places, and objects that we have never seen are frequently as real to us as are those that we see daily.
this is because their names and their pictures have greeted us again and again in print.
it is thus that prominent men and women become familiar to us.
because of their importance we like to read about them.
sympathy with our fellow beings and an instinctive recognition of our common humanity are inherent in most men and women.
nowhere is this more strikingly shown than in the quick and generous response that comes in answer to every call for aid for those in distress.
so, too, we like to know how others feel and think.
we like to get behind the veil with which every one attempts to conceal his innermost thoughts and feelings.
our interest in the lives and the welfare of others finds expression in various ways, ranging from social service and self-sacrificing devotion to gossip and secret confidences.
this widespread interest in others affords to the writer of special articles one of his greatest opportunities, not only for preparing interesting stories, but for arousing readers to support many a good cause.
to create sympathy for the unfortunate, to encourage active social service, to point the way to political reform, to show the advantages of better industrial conditions, to explain better business methods--all these are but a few of the helpful, constructive appeals that he may make effectively.
he may create this interest and stir his readers to action by either one of two methods: by exposing existing evils, or by showing what has been done to improve bad conditions.
to explain how reforms have been accomplished, or are being brought about, is construed by the best of the present-day journals to be their special mission.
every one is vitally concerned about his own prosperity and happiness.
to make a success of life, no matter by what criterion we may measure that success, is our one all-powerful motive.
happiness, as the goal that we hope to reach by our success, and health, as a prime requisite for its attainment, are also of great importance to every one of us.
how to make or save more money, how to do our work more easily, how to maintain our physical well-being, how to improve ourselves mentally and morally, how to enjoy life more fully--that is what we all want to know.
business and professional interests naturally occupy the larger part of men's thoughts, while home-making is the chief work of most women.
although women are entering many fields hitherto monopolized by men, the home remains woman's peculiar sphere.
the purchase and preparation of food, the buying and making of clothing, the management of servants, the care of children--these are the vital concerns of most women.
they realize, however, that conditions outside the home have a direct bearing on home-making; and each year they are taking a more active part in civic affairs.
matters of public health, pure food legislation, the milk and the water supply, the garbage collection, the character of places of amusement, the public schools, determine, in no small degree, the success and happiness of the home-maker.
since the dominant interests of men and women alike are their business and their home, the special writer should undertake to connect his subject as closely as possible with these interests.
to show, for example, how the tariff, taxes, public utility rates, price-fixing, legislation, and similar matters affect the business and home affairs of the average reader, is to give to these political and economic problems an interest for both men and women far in excess of that resulting from a more general treatment of them.
the surest way to get the reader's attention is to bring the subject home to him personally.
the reason so much reading matter is unpopular and never attracts a wide reading public lies in the fact that the reader sees nothing in it for himself.
it looks dull because you can't quite see where it affects you.
you wonder wherein the canadian has an advantage over you.
you look into the article to find out whether you can't get an idea from it.
yet the two articles may be basically alike, differing only in treatment.
one bores you and the other interests you.
one bores you because it seems remote.
the other interests you because the writer has had the skill to translate his facts and ideas into terms that are personal to you.
the minute you become personal in this world you become interesting.
when the analysis of a topic shows that it possesses more than one of these appeals, the writer may heighten the attractiveness of his story by developing several of the possibilities, simultaneously or successively.
the chance discovery by a prominent physician of a simple preventive of infantile paralysis, for instance, would combine at least four of the elements of interest enumerated above.
if such a combination of appeals can be made at the very beginning of the article, it is sure to command attention.
in view of the multiplicity of possible appeals, a writer may be misled into undertaking to do too many diverse things in a single article.
a subject often has so many different aspects of great interest that it is difficult to resist the temptation to use all of them.
if a writer yields to this temptation, the result may be a diffuse, aimless article that, however interesting in many details, fails to make a definite impression.
to avoid this danger, the writer must decide just what his purpose is to be.
only in this way will he clarify in his mind his reason for writing on the proposed topic and the object to be attained.
with a definitely formulated aim before him, he can decide just what material he needs.
an objective point to be reached will give his article direction and will help him to stick to his subject.
furthermore, by getting his aim clearly in mind, he will have the means of determining, when the story is completed, whether or not he has accomplished what he set out to do.
in selecting material, in developing the article, and in testing the completed product, therefore, it is important to have a definitely formulated purpose.
the same subject and the same material may sometimes be so treated as to accomplish any one of these three purposes.
if he desires to supply information that will add to the reader's stock of knowledge, he will present his facts in a manner calculated to make his readers remember what he has told them.
if he proposes to give information that can be applied by readers to their own activities, he must include those details that are necessary to any one who desires to make practical use of the information.
when, for example, a writer is about to prepare an article, based on experience, about keeping bees on a small suburban place, he will find that he may write his story in any one of three ways.
the difficulties experienced by the amateur bee-keeper in trying to handle bees in a small garden could be treated humorously with no other purpose than to amuse.
or the keeping of bees under such circumstances might be described as an interesting example of enterprise on the part of a city man living in the suburbs.
or, in order to show other men and women similarly situated just how to keep bees, the writer might explain exactly what any person would need to know to attain success in such a venture.
just as the purpose of these articles would vary, so the material and the point of view would differ.
to furnish wholesome entertainment is a perfectly legitimate end in special feature writing.
there is no reason why the humor, the pathos, the romance, the adventure, and mystery in life should not be presented in special feature stories for our entertainment and amusement, just as they are presented for the same purpose in the short story, the drama, and the photo-play.
many readers find special feature stories with real persons, real places, and real circumstances, more entertaining than fiction.
a writer with the ability to see the comedies and the tragedies in the events constantly happening about him, or frequently reported in the press, will never lack for subjects and material.
the effect of entertaining stories on the ideas and ideals of readers ought not to be overlooked.
according to the best journalistic standards, nothing should be printed that will exert a demoralizing or unwholesome influence.
constructive journalism goes a step further when it insists that everything shall tend to be helpful and constructive.
this practice applies alike to news stories and to special articles.
these standards do not necessarily exclude news and special feature stories that deal with crime, scandal, and similar topics; but they do demand that the treatment of such subjects shall not be suggestive or offensive.
to portray violators of the criminal or moral codes as heroes worthy of emulation; to gratify some readers' taste for the morbid; to satisfy other readers by exploiting sex--all are alike foreign to the purpose of respectable journalism.
no self-respecting writer will lend the aid of his pen to such work, and no self-respecting editor will publish it.
to deter persons from committing similar crimes and follies should be the only purpose in writing on such topics.
the thoughtful writer, therefore, must guard against the temptation to surround wrong-doers with the glamour of heroic or romantic adventure, and, by sentimental treatment, to create sympathy for the undeserving culprit.
violations of law and of the conventions of society ought to be shown to be wrong, even when the wrong-doer is deserving of some sympathy.
this need not be done by moralizing and editorializing.
a much better way is to emphasize, as the results of wrong-doing, not only legal punishment and social ostracism, but the pangs of a guilty conscience, and the disgrace to the culprit and his family.
a cynical or flippant treatment of serious subjects gives many readers a false and distorted view of life.
humor does not depend on ridicule or satire.
the fads and foibles of humanity can be good-naturedly exposed in humorous articles that have no sting.
although many topics may very properly be treated lightly, others demand a serious, dignified style.
the men and women whom a writer puts into his articles are not puppets, but real persons, with feelings not unlike his own.
to drag them and their personal affairs from the privacy to which they are entitled, and to give them undesired and needless publicity, for the sake of affording entertainment to others, often subjects them to great humiliation and suffering.
the fact that a man, woman, or child has figured in the day's news does not necessarily mean that a writer is entitled to exploit such a person's private affairs.
he must discriminate between what the public is entitled to know and what an individual has a right to keep private.
innocent wives, sweethearts, or children are not necessarily legitimate material for his article because their husband, lover, or father has appeared in the news.
the golden rule is the best guide for a writer in such cases.
lack of consideration for the rights of others is the mark neither of a good writer nor of a true gentleman.
clean, wholesome special feature stories that present interesting phases of life accurately, and that show due consideration for the rights of the persons portrayed, are quite as entertaining as are any others.
since many persons confine their reading largely to newspapers and magazines, they derive most of their information and ideas from these sources.
even persons who read new books rely to some extent on special articles for the latest information about current topics.
although most readers look to periodicals primarily for new, timely facts, they are also interested to find there biographical and historical material that is not directly connected with current events.
every special feature writer has a great opportunity to furnish a large circle of readers with interesting and significant information.
in analyzing subjects it is necessary to discriminate between significant and trivial facts.
some topics when studied will be found to contain little of real consequence, even though a readable article might be developed from the material.
other themes will reveal aspects that are both trivial and significant.
in clarifying his purpose by such tests, he will decide not only what kind of information he desires to impart, but what material he must select, and from what point of view he should present it.
the third general purpose that a writer may have is to give his readers sufficiently explicit information to enable them to do for themselves what has been done by others.
all of us welcome practical suggestions, tactfully given, that can be applied to our own activities.
whatever any one has done successfully may be so presented that others can learn how to do it with equal success.
special feature articles furnish the best means of giving this practical guidance.
a special feature story, for example, on how to reduce the cost of milk might be presented from any one of three points of view: that of the producer, that of the distributor, or that of the consumer.
to be practical for dairy farmers, as producers of milk, the article would have to point out possible economies in keeping cows and handling milk on the farm.
to be helpful to milk-dealers, as distributors, it would concern itself with methods of lowering the cost of selling and delivering milk in the city.
to assist housewives, as consumers, the article would have to show how to economize in using milk in the home.
an informative article for the general reader might take up all these phases of the subject, but an article intended to give practical guidance should consider the needs of only one of these three classes of persons.
in many constructive articles of practical guidance, the writer's purpose is so successfully concealed that it may at first escape the notice of the average reader.
by relating in detail, for example, how an actual enterprise was carried out, a writer may be able to give his readers, without their realizing it, all the information they need to accomplish a similar undertaking.
when he analyzes such articles, the student should not be misled into thinking that the writer did not have the definite purpose of imparting practical information.
if the same material can be developed into an article of interesting information or into one of practical guidance, it is desirable to do the latter and, if necessary, to disguise the purpose.
in order to define his purpose clearly and to keep it constantly before him, a writer will do well to put down on paper his exact aim in a single sentence.
such a statement will assist a writer in selecting his material, in sticking to his subject, and in keeping to one point of view.
without this clearly formulated aim before him, it is easy for him to dwell too long on some phase of the subject in which he is particularly interested or on which he has the most material, to the neglect of other phases that are essential to the accomplishment of his purpose.
or, failing to get his aim clearly in mind, he may jump from one aspect of the subject to another, without accomplishing anything in particular.
many a newspaper and magazine article leaves a confused, hazy impression on the minds of readers because the writer failed to have a definite objective.
after choosing a subject and formulating his purpose, a writer is ready to consider methods of treatment.
again it is desirable to survey all the possibilities in order to choose the one method best adapted to his subject and his purpose.
his chief consideration should be the class of readers that he desires to reach.
some topics, he will find, may be treated with about equal success in any one of several ways, while others lend themselves to only one or two forms of presentation.
by thinking through the various possible ways of working out his subject, he will be able to decide which meets his needs most satisfactorily.
the commonest method of developing a special feature article is that which combines narration and description with exposition.
the reason for this combination is not far to seek.
the average person is not attracted by pure exposition.
hence the narrative and descriptive devices of fiction are employed advantageously to supplement expository methods.
narratives and descriptions also have the advantage of being concrete and vivid.
the rapid reader can grasp a concrete story or a word picture.
he cannot so readily comprehend a more general explanation unaccompanied by specific examples and graphic pictures of persons, places, and objects.
narration and description are used effectively for the concrete examples and the specific instances by which we illustrate general ideas.
the best way, for example, to make clear the operation of a state system of health insurance is to relate how it has operated in the case of one or more persons affected.
in explaining a new piece of machinery the writer may well describe it in operation, to enable readers to visualize it and follow its motions.
since the reader's interest will be roused the more quickly if he is given tangible, concrete details that he can grasp, the examples are usually put first, to be followed by the more general explanation.
sometimes several examples are given before the explanatory matter is offered.
whole articles are often made up of specific examples and generalizations presented alternately.
the beginning of the article on stovaine, the new ansthetic, illustrating this method of exposition, follows: a few months ago, a small six-year-old boy was wheeled into the operating theater at the hospital for ruptured and crippled children, in new york city.
he was one of the several thousand children of the tenements who annually find their way into this great philanthropic institution, suffering from what, to the lay mind, seems a hopelessly incurable injury or malformation.
as the child came into the operating-room he presented an extremely pathetic figure--small, naked, thin, with a closely cropped head of black hair, and a face pinched and blanched with fear.
surrounded by a fair-sized army of big, muscular surgeons and white-clothed nurses, and a gallery filled with a hundred or more of the leading medical men of the metropolis, he certainly seemed a helpless speck of humanity with all the unknown forces of science and modern life arrayed against him.
under ordinary conditions he would have been etherized in an adjoining chamber and brought into the operating-room entirely unconscious.
this cripple, however, had been selected as a favorable subject for an interesting experiment in modern surgery, for he was to undergo an extremely torturous operation in a state of full consciousness.
among the assembled surgeons was a large-framed, black moustached and black-haired, quick-moving, gypsy-like rumanian--professor thomas jonnesco, dean of the medical department of the university of bucharest, and one of the leading men of his profession in europe.
dr. jonnesco, who had landed in new york only two days before, had come to the united states with a definite scientific purpose.
this was to show american surgeons that the most difficult operations could be performed without pain, without loss of consciousness, and without the use of the familiar anesthetics, ether or chloroform.
dr. jonnesco's reputation in itself assured him the fullest opportunity of demonstrating his method in new york, and this six-year-old boy had been selected as an excellent test subject.
then, at the request of dr. jonnesco, he bent his head forward until it almost touched his breast.
dr. jonnesco quickly ran his finger along the protuberances, and finally selected the space between the twelfth dorsal and the first lumbar vertebr--in other words, the space just above the small of the back.
he then took an ordinary hypodermic needle, and slowly pushed it through the skin and tissues until it entered the small opening between the lower and upper vertebr, not stopping until it reached the open space just this side of the spinal cord.
as the needle pierced the flesh, the little patient gave a sharp cry--the only sign of discomfiture displayed during the entire operation.
when the hollow needle reached its destination, a few drops of a colorless liquid spurted out--the famous cerebro-spinal fluid, the substance which, like a water-jacket, envelops the brain and the spinal cord.
into this same place dr. jonnesco now introduced an ordinary surgical syringe, which he had previously filled with a pale yellowish liquid--the much-famed stovaine,--and slowly emptied its contents into the region that immediately surrounds the spinal cord.
for a few minutes the child retained his sitting posture as if nothing extraordinary had happened.
dr. jonnesco patted him on the back and said a few pleasant words in french, while the nurses and assistants chatted amiably in english.
the attending surgeon asked, after the lapse of three or four minutes.
the nurses now laid the patient down upon his back, throwing a handkerchief over his eyes, so that he could not himself witness the subsequent proceedings.
there was, naturally, much holding of breath as dr. virgil p. gibney, the operating surgeon, raised his knife and quickly made a deep incision in the heel of this perfectly conscious patient.
from the child, however, there was not the slightest evidence of sensation.
an operation lasting nearly half an hour ensued.
the deepest tissues were cut, the tendons were stretched, the incision was sewed up, all apparently without the patient's knowledge.
some types of articles, although expository in purpose, are entirely narrative and descriptive in form.
by relating his own experiences in a confession story, for example, a writer may be able to show very clearly and interestingly the dangers of speculations in stocks with but small capital.
personality sketches are almost always narrative and descriptive.
many of the devices of the short story will be found useful in articles.
not only is truth stranger than fiction, but facts may be so presented as to be even more interesting than fiction.
conversation, character-drawing, suspense, and other methods familiar to the writer of short stories may be used effectively in special articles.
their application to particular types of articles is shown in the following pages.
these classes, it is evident, are not mutually exclusive, but may for convenience be treated separately.
since the material for many articles is obtained by means of an interview, it is often convenient to put the major part, if not the whole, of the story in interview form.
such an article may consist entirely of direct quotation with a limited amount of explanatory material concerning the person interviewed; or it may be made up partly of direct quotation and partly of indirect quotation, combined with the necessary explanation.
for greater variety it is advisable to alternate direct and indirect quotations.
a description of the person interviewed and of his surroundings, by way of introduction, gives the reader a distinct impression of the individual under characteristic conditions.
interviews on the same topic with two or more persons may be combined in a single article.
the interview has several obvious advantages.
the person interviewed seems to be talking to each reader individually.
the description of him in his surroundings helps the reader to see him as he talks.
second, events, explanations, and opinions given in the words of one who speaks with authority, have greater weight than do the assertions of an unknown writer.
third, the interview is equally effective whether the writer's purpose is to inform, to entertain, or to furnish practical guidance.
romance and adventure, humor and pathos, may well be handled in interview form.
discoveries, inventions, new processes, unusual methods, new projects, and marked success of any kind may be explained to advantage in the words of those responsible for these undertakings.
in obtaining material for an interview story, a writer should bear in mind a number of points regarding interviewing in general.
first, in advance of meeting the person to be interviewed, he should plan the series of questions by which he hopes to elicit the desired information.
that is, his questions should be those that readers would like to have answered.
since it is the answers, however, and not the questions, that will interest readers, the questions in the completed article should be subordinated as much as possible.
sometimes they may be skillfully embodied in the replies; again they may be implied merely, or entirely omitted.
in studying an interview article, one can generally infer what questions the interviewer used.
second, he must cultivate his memory so that he can recall a person's exact words without taking notes.
most men talk more freely and easily when they are not reminded of the fact that what they are saying is to be printed.
in interviewing, therefore, it is desirable to keep pencil and paper out of sight.
third, immediately after leaving the person whom he has interviewed, the writer should jot down facts, figures, striking statements, and anything else that he might forget.
not that dr. mulford would abbreviate the ceremonies attendant upon arbor day planting, but he thinks that they do not mean much unless the roots planted receive proper and constant care.
for what the fourth of july is to the war and navy departments, and what labor day is to the department of labor, arbor day is to the department of agriculture.
while the forestry bureau has concerned itself primarily with trees from the standpoint of the timber supply, dr. mulford has been making a study of trees best adapted for streets and cities generally.
and nobody is more interested than he in what arbor day signifies or how trees should be chosen and reared.
it must be one that branches high from the ground and ought to be native to the country and climate.
america has the prettiest native trees and shrubs in the world and it is true patriotism to recognize them.
it is almost an evergreen and is a quick growing tree.
one thing against it, though, is the 'elm beetle,' a pest which is spreading and which will kill some of our most beautiful trees unless spraying is consistently practised.
or stock will nip off the new leaves and shoots and the result is the same.
a frame around the tree would prevent this.
such trees have usually only a few long roots and so much of these are lost in transplanting that the large trunk cannot be nourished by the remainder.
with nursery trees the larger they are the better it is, for they have a lot of small roots that do not have to be cut off.
in the first place their branches are too low and unless carefully pruned their shape is irregular.
then they are subject to so many pests that unless constant care is given them they will not bear a hatful of fruit a season.
the first arbor day was observed in nebraska, which has fewer natural trees than any other state.
incidentally kansas ranks next to nebraska in dearth of trees.
sterling morton, a nebraskan who was appointed secretary of agriculture by cleveland.
now every state in the union recognizes the day and new york, pennsylvania, new jersey, minnesota, iowa, illinois, wisconsin and others have gotten out extensive arbor day booklets giving information concerning trees and birds; most of them even contain appropriate songs and poems for arbor day programs.
it was illustrated with two half-tone portraits, one of the young woman in indian costume, the other showing her in street dress.
the land that was promised us by solemn treaty, 'so long as the grass should grow and the waters run,' has been taken from us.
it was barren and wild when we received it seventy years ago.
now it is rich with oil and cultivation, and the whites coveted our possessions.
since it was thrown open to settlers no cherokee holds sovereign rights as before, when it was his nation.
only nineteen is this indian princess--this twentieth century pocahontas--who travels far to the seats of the mighty for her race.
she is a tall, slim, stately girl from the foothills of the ozarks, from tahlequah, former capital of the cherokee nation.
she says she is proud of every drop of indian blood that flows in her veins.
but her skin is fair as old ivory and she is a college girl--a girl of the times to her finger-tips.
we have few blankets among the cherokees in tahlequah.
she sat back on the broad window seat in the sunlight.
beyond the window lay a bird's-eye view of new york housetops, the white man's permanent tepee.
some spring birds alighted on a nearby telephone wire, sending out twittering mating cries to each other.
do you know what they have called me, the old men and women who are wise--the full-bloods?
with us, when a name is given it is one with a meaning, something the child must grow to in fulfillment.
all our lives we have been told tales by the old men--how our people were driven from their homes by the government, how gen. winfield scott's soldiers came down into our quiet villages and ordered the indians to go forth leaving everything behind them.
my great-grandfather, the old king cooweeskowee, with his wife and children, paused at the first hilltop to look back at his home, and already the whites were moving into it.
the government promised to pay amply for all it took from us, our homes and lands, cattle--even furniture.
a treaty was made solemnly between the indians and the united states that oklahoma should be theirs 'as long as the grass should grow and the waters run.'
she makes her points with a directness and simplicity that should disarm even the diplomatic suavity of uncle sam when he meets her in washington.
it was as if god, in reparation for the wrongs inflicted by whites, had given us the riches of the earth.
my people grew rich from their wells, but a way was found to bind their wealth so they could not use it.
she lifts eyebrows and shoulders, her hands clasped before her tightly, as if in silent resentment of their impotence to help.
we are outnumbered since the land was opened up and a mass of 'sooners,' as we call them--squatters, claimers, settlers--swarmed in over our borders.
the government again offered to pay us for the land they took back--the land that was to be ours in perpetuity 'while the grass grew and the waters ran.'
we were told to file our claims with the whites.
some of us did, but eight hundred of the full-bloods went back forty miles into the foothills under the leadership of red bird smith.
they refuse to sell or to accept the government money for their valuable oil lands.
to appease justice, the government allotted them lands anyway, in their absence, and paid the money for their old property into the banks, where it lies untouched.
red bird and his 'night hawks' refuse to barter over a broken treaty.
my indian name means 'one-who-does-things-well.'
so if i go to them they tell me their heart longings, what they ask for the cherokee.
a writer's own experiences, given under his name, under a pseudonym, or in anonymous form, can easily be made interesting to others.
told in the first person, such stories are realistic and convincing.
conversation and description of persons, places, and objects may be included to advantage in these personal narratives.
the possibilities of the personal experience story are as great as are those of the interview.
besides serving as a vehicle for the writer's own experiences, it may be employed to give experiences of others.
if, for example, a person interviewed objects to having his name used, it is possible to present the material obtained by the interview in the form of a personal experience story.
in that case the article would have to be published without the writer's name, since the personal experiences that it records are not his own.
permission to present material in a personal experience story should always be obtained from the individual whose experiences the writer intends to use.
articles designed to give practical guidance, to show readers how to do something, are particularly effective when written in the first person.
personal experience articles of this type are very popular in women's magazines, agricultural journals, and publications that appeal to business men.
the opportunities for service offered to women by small daily newspapers are set forth in the story below, by means of the personal experiences of one woman.
new york or some other big city is the place for you.
he was in our town on an assignment, and he was idling away spare time in our office.
before i could answer, the door opened and a small girl came to my desk.
you ought to see the eatin's folks has brought us!
the story to which she referred was one that i had written about a family left fatherless, a mother and three small children in real poverty.
i had written a plain appeal to the home people, with the usual results.
his face wore a queer expression; but before he could retort another caller appeared, a well-dressed woman.
i want to see the people about whom i am writing, and live with them.
that's what brings the rewards in our business.
in many small towns women have not heretofore been overly welcome on the staff of the local paper, for the small town is essentially conservative and suspicious of change.
this war, however, is changing all that, and many a woman with newspaper ambitions will now have her chance at home.
for ten years i have been what may be classified as a small town newspaper woman, serving in every capacity from society reporter to city and managing editor.
during this time i have been tempted many times to go to fields where national fame and a larger salary awaited those who won.
it is generally conceded that for one woman who succeeds in the metropolitan newspaper field about ten fail before the vicissitudes of city life, the orders of managing editors, and the merciless grind of the big city's working world.
and with those who succeed, what have they more than i?
they sign their names to articles; they receive big salaries; they are famous--as such fame goes.
why is a signed name to an article necessary, when everyone knows when the paper comes out that i wrote the article?
i began newspaper life as society reporter of a daily paper in a middle-western town of ten thousand inhabitants.
that is, i supposed i was going to be society reporter, but before very long i found myself doing police assignments, sport, editing telegraph, and whatever the occasion demanded.
i suppose that the beginnings of everyone's business life always remain vivid memories.
the first morning i reported for work at seven o'clock.
naturally, no one was in the front office, as the news department of a small-town newspaper office is sometimes called.
i was embarrassed and nervous, and sat anxiously awaiting the arrival of the city editor.
it was no easy task to approach strangers and ask their names and destination; but it was all good experience, and it taught me how to approach people and to ask personal questions without being rude.
during my service as society reporter i learned much, so much that i am convinced there is no work in the smaller towns better suited to women.
any girl who is bright and quick, who knows the ethics of being a lady, can hold this position and make better money at it than by teaching or clerking.
each trade, they say, has its tricks, and being a society reporter is no exception.
in towns of from one thousand to two thousand inhabitants, the news that mrs. x. is going to give a party spreads rapidly by that system of wireless telegraphy that excels the marconi--neighborhood gossip.
but in the larger towns it is not so easy.
daily he permitted us to see his order book.
if mrs. jones ordered a quart of ice cream we knew that she was only having a treat for the family.
if it were two quarts or more, it was a party, and if it was ice cream in molds, we knew a big formal function was on foot.
society reporting is a fertile field, and for a long time i had been thinking that society columns were too dull.
my ideal of a newspaper is that every department should be edited so that everyone would read all the paper.
i knew that men rarely read the social column.
one day a man said to me that he always called his wife his better judgment instead of his better half.
that appealed to me as printable, but where to put it in the paper?
then i decided to make the society department a reflection of our daily life and sayings.
i never used names, but i always managed to identify my persons.
as one might expect, i brought down a storm about my head.
many persons took the hints for themselves when they were not so intended, and there were some amusing results.
there were no complaints about the society column being dull after this; everyone read it and laughed at it, and it was quoted in many exchanges.
of course, i was careful to hurt no one's feelings, but i did occasionally have a little good-natured fun at the expense of people who wouldn't mind it.
little personal paragraphs of this sort must never be malicious or mean--if the paper is to keep its friends.
of all my newspaper experience i like best to dwell on the society reporting; but if i were to advance i knew that i must take on more responsibility, so i became city editor of another paper.
i was virtually managing editor, for the editor and owner was a politician and was away much of the time.
it was then that i began to realize the responsibility of my position, to grapple with the problem of dealing fairly both with my employer and the public.
the daily life with its varying incidents, the big civic issues, the stories to be handled, the rights of the advertisers to be considered, the adjusting of the news to the business department--all these were brought before me with a powerful clarity.
when a woman starts on a city paper she knows that there are linotypes, presses and other machinery.
it was on my third day as city editor that i realized my woeful ignorance of the newspaper business from the mechanical viewpoint.
i had just arrived at the office when the foreman came to my desk.
what he meant by the power being off i could understand, and perforce i went out to select the plate.
he handed me long slabs of plate matter to read.
later i learned that printed copies of the plate are sent for selection, but in my ignorance i took up the slabs and tried to read the type.
to my astonishment it was all backward, and i found myself wondering if it were a chinese feature story.
finally i threw myself on his mercy and told him to select what he chose.
shortly after noon a linotype operator came to me with his hands full of copy.
i found the linotype operator eager to show me how his machine works, and the foreman was glad to take me around and instruct me in his department and also in the pressroom.
there is a great cry now for woman's advancement.
if the women are hunting equality as their goal let them not seek out the crowded, hostile cities, but remain in the smaller places where their work can stand out distinctly.
what better than that a woman should set the tune for that voice?
i sit at my desk looking out over the familiar home scene.
a smell of fresh ink comes to me, and a paper just off the press is slapped down on my desk.
he has been twenty years at his trade and i only ten, yet he includes me.
if a person has ability, will not the world learn it?
it was illustrated by a half-tone made from a wash drawing of one corner of the burlap room.
visitors are guided through the living-room, the bedroom, the sleeping-porch and kitchen, and allowed to express their delight and satisfaction while we wait with bated breath for the grand surprise to be given them.
then we lead the way up the stairs to the attic and again stand and wait.
there is a solid satisfaction in making a room, especially for an amateur who hardly expects to undertake room-making as a profession.
we regard our room as an original creation produced by our own genius, not likely to be duplicated in our personal experience.
it grew in this wise: when we came to the bungalow last spring the family numbered three instead of the two of the year before.
we had never had a sleeping-in maid at the bungalow before and the problem of where to put her was a serious one.
we well knew that no self-respecting servant would condescend to sleep in an attic, although the attic was cool, airy and comfortable.
we rather thought, too, that the maid might despise us if we gave her the bedroom and took up our quarters under the rafters.
it would be an easy enough matter for carpenters and plasterers to put a room in the attic, but we lacked the money necessary for such a venture.
at first we thought of curtains, but the high winds which visit us made curtains impracticable.
then we thought of tacking the curtains top and bottom, and from this the idea evolved.
the carpenter whom we consulted proved to be amenable to suggestion and agreed to put us up a framework in a day.
this took two strips of wood about one and a half by two inches.
the other two sides of the room were formed by the wall of the attic and by the meeting place of the roof and floor--that is, there was in reality no fourth wall; the room simply ended where floor and roof met.
two strips were nailed to the rafters in positions similar to those on the floor, and then an upright strip was inserted and nailed fast at intervals of every three feet.
this distance was decided by the fact that curtain materials usually come a yard wide.
for a door we used a discarded screen-door, which, having been denuded of the bits of wire clinging to it, answered the purpose very well.
tacking on proved a more difficult matter than we had anticipated, owing to the fact that our carpenter had used cypress for the framework.
we stretched the material taut and then tacked it fast with sharp-pointed, large-headed brass tacks, and while inserting these we measured carefully the distances between the tacks in order to keep this trimming uniform.
the two walls supplied by the framework were quickly covered, but the rough wall of the attic necessitated some cutting, as we had to tack the burlap to the uprights and these had not been placed with yard-wide material in view.
above the screen-door frame was a hiatus of space running up into the peak.
the carpenter had thoughtfully run two strips up to the roof and this enabled us to fill in by cutting and turning in the cloth.
a corresponding space above the window received similar treatment.
then we covered the inner surface of the screen door and we had a room.
we bought a can of dark-oak stain and gave the floor a coat and this improved matters so much that we stained the wood visible on the door frame and about the window.
having finished this, we saw the need of doing something for the ceiling.
the ceiling was merely the inner surface of the roof.
the builders had made it of boards of varying sizes, the rafters were rough and splintery and there were myriads of nails sticking through everywhere.
but we bought more stain and went to work.
before beginning we covered our precious blue walls with newspapers, donned our oldest clothes and spread papers well over the floor.
the staining was not difficult work but the nails made it splashy and we were pretty well spotted when we finished.
but when we did finish we felt compensated.
the dull blue walls with their bright brass trimming, the soft brown floor and the stained, raftered roof made the room the most attractive in the house.
we could not rest, although the hour was late and we were both tired, until we had furnished it.
we put in a couple of small rugs, a brass bed, and a white bureau.
we hung two pictures securely upon the uprights of the skeleton.
we added a couple of chairs and a rack for clothing, put up a white madras curtain at the window, and regarded the effect with the utmost satisfaction.
the burlap was thick enough to act as a screen.
it was possible to see movement through it, but not form.
it insured privacy and still permitted the air to pass through for ventilation.
as a finishing touch we screwed a knob on the outside of the door, put a brass hook on the inside and went downstairs to count the cost.
as a quick and inexpensive method of adding to the number of rooms in one's house, the making of a burlap room is without an equal.
the idea is not patented, and we who deem ourselves its creators, are only too happy to send it on, in the hope that it may be of service to some other puzzled householder who is wondering where to put an added family member.
usually published anonymously, confession stories may reveal more personal and intimate experiences than a writer would ordinarily care to give in a signed article.
needless to say, most readers are keenly interested in such revelations, even though they are made anonymously.
a writer need not confine himself to his own experiences for confession stories; he may obtain valuable material for them from others.
conditions of life in classes of society with which the reader is not familiar may be brought home to him through the medium of the confession story.
it may be made the means of arousing interest in questions about which the average reader cares little.
this article was obviously written with the purpose, skillfully concealed, of calling attention to the hard lot of the underpaid professor.
constructive criticism of existing conditions may be successfully embodied in the form of a confession article that describes the evils as they have been experienced by one individual.
if the article is to be entirely effective and just, the experience of the one person described must be fairly typical of that of others in the same situation.
in order to show that these experiences are characteristic, the writer may find it advantageous to introduce facts and figures tending to prove that his own case is not an isolated example.
confessions that show how faults and personal difficulties have been overcome prove helpful to readers laboring under similar troubles.
here again, what is related should be typical rather than exceptional.
that an intimate account of the financial difficulties of a young couple as told by the wife, may not only make an interesting story but may serve as a warning to others, is shown in the confession story below.
looking back, it seems to me that rich, tumultuous college life of ours was wholly pagan.
such were our ideas when we married on a salary of one hundred dollars a month.
we were put up at a small country club--a simple affair enough, comparatively speaking--that demanded six weeks' salary in initial dues and much more in actual subsequent expense.
costly little amusements, but hardly more than were due charming young people of our opportunities and tastes.
i think that was our attitude, although we did not admit it.
we had planned to furnish it by means of several generous checks which were family contributions to our array of wedding gifts.
what we did was to buy the furniture on the instalment plan, agreeing to pay twenty dollars a month till the bill was settled, and we put the furniture money into running expenses.
they gave most generously, that older generation.
visiting us, max's mother would slip a bill into my always empty purse when we went shopping; or mine would drop a gold piece into my top bureau drawer for me to find after she had gone.
and there were always checks for birthdays.
everything went into running expenses; yet, in spite of it, our expenses ran quite away.
our bills, for all our dining out, were enormous.
max delighted in silk socks and tailored shirts, and he ordered his monogramed cigarettes by the thousand.
my own taste ran to expensive little hats.
it is hardly necessary to recount the details.
we had our first tremendous quarrel at the end of six months, when, in spite of our furniture money and our birthday checks, we found ourselves two hundred and fifty dollars in debt.
every month we reached that same conclusion.
there was nothing we could do without.
i actually was carrying out a threat of separation and stripping the apartment, one morning, when max came back from town and sat down to discuss matters with me.
a curious labyrinthine discussion it was, winding from recriminations and flat admissions that our marriage was a failure and our love was dead, to the most poignant memories of our engagement days.
but its central point was max's detached insistence that we make marriage over into a purely utilitarian affair.
and my firm is the kind of firm i want to work for.
this next year is important; and if i spend it dragging through a nasty divorce business, knowing that everybody knows, i'll be about thirty per cent efficient.
i'm willing to admit that marriage--even a frost like ours--is useful.
my choice rested between going home, where there were two younger sisters, or leaving the baby somewhere and striking out for myself.
the thing resolves itself into a choice between the things we can do without and the things we can't.
out of all possible economies, they were the only things that we could think of.
and we could get out of the dinner club and the theater bunch.
we'll talk well enough if we do that, and people won't know we haven't been.
it is funny enough to me, looking back; but it was bitter business then.
i set myself to playing the devoted and absorbed young mother.
but it was a long, long time before it became the sweetest of realities.
yet those long walks were the best thing that ever happened to me.
i had time to think, for one thing; and i gained splendid health, losing the superfluous flesh i was beginning to carry, and the headaches that usually came after days of lunching and bridge and dining.
i fell into the habit, too, of going around by the market, merely to have an objective, and buying the day's supplies.
i shall always remember that sum, because it is certainly the biggest i have ever seen.
i began to ask the prices of things; and i made my first faint effort at applying our game of substitution to the food problem, a thing which to me is still one of the most fascinating factors in housekeeping.
i investigated idly, and found that the rent was thirty dollars less than we were paying.
it was max who had the courage to decide.
all that fall and winter we kept doggedly at our game of substitution.
max bought a ready-made tuxedo, and i ripped out the label and sewed in one from a good tailor.
i carried half a dozen dresses from the dyer's to a woman who evolved three very decent gowns; and then i toted them home in a box with a marking calculated to impress any chance acquaintance.
we were so ashamed of our attempts at thrift that they came hard.
often enough we quarreled after we had been caught in some sudden temptation that set us back a pretty penny, and we were inevitably bored and cross when we refused some gayety for economy's sake.
we resolutely decided to read aloud the evenings the others went to the theater club; and as resolutely we substituted a stiff game of chess for the bridge that we could not afford.
but we had to learn to like them both.
people came to those dinners in their second or third best: but they stayed late, and laughed hilariously to the last second of their stay.
in the spring we celebrated max's second respectable rise in salary by dropping out of the country club.
we could do without it by that time.
at first we thought it necessary to substitute a determined tramp for the sunday morning golf game; but we presently gave that up.
and as a substitution for most of the pleasure cravings of life, gardening is to be highly recommended.
discontent has a curious little trick of flowing out of the earthy end of a hoe.
later that summer i found that a maid was one of the things i could do without, making the discovery in an interregnum not of my original choosing.
a charwoman came in for the heavier work, and i took over the cooking.
almost immediately, in spite of my inexperience, the bills dropped.
i could not cook rich pastries and fancy desserts, and fell back on simple salads and fruit instead.
i dipped into the household magazines, followed on into technical articles on efficiency, substituted labor-savers wherever i could, and started my first muddled set of accounts.
at the beginning of the new year i tried my prentice hand on a budget; and that was the year that we emerged from debt and began to save.
when, with three babies, the bungalow became a trifle small, we built a little country house and moved farther out.
ours is not as much as that yet; but it is enough to leave a wide and comfortable margin all around our wants.
max has given up his pipe for cigarettes (unmonogramed), and patronizes a good tailor for business reasons.
but in everything else our substitutions stand: gardening for golf; picnics for roadhouse dinners; simple food, simple clothing, simple hospitality, books, a fire, and a game of chess on winter nights.
we don't even talk about economies any more.
but--every christmas there comes to me via the christmas tree a box of stockings, and for max a box of socks--heavy silk.
there never is any card in either box; but i think we'll probably get them till we die.
a tiny bit of wisdom, but as vital as protoplasm.
i know, for i bartered forty precious years of wifehood and motherhood to learn it.
during the years of my childhood and girlhood, our family passed from wealth to poverty.
my father and only brother were killed in battle during the civil war; our slaves were freed; our plantations melted from my mother's white hands during the reconstruction days; our big town house was sold for taxes.
when i married, my only dowry was a fierce pride and an overwhelming ambition to get back our material prosperity.
he owned a home, a little cottage with a rose garden at one side of it--surely, with love, enough for any bride.
but i--i saw only the ancestral mansion up the street, the big old house that had passed out of the hands of our family.
i would have no honeymoon trip; i wanted the money instead.
john kissed each of my palms before he put the money into them.
my fingers closed greedily over the bills; it was the nest egg, the beginning.
next i had him dismiss his bookkeeper and give me the place.
i didn't go to his store--southern ladies didn't do that in those days--but i kept the books at home, and i wrote all the business letters.
so it happened when john came home at night, tired from his day's work at the store, i had no time for diversions, for love-making, no hours to walk in the rose garden by his side--no, we must talk business.
outside there would be the evening breeze from the gulf, the moonlight, the breath of the roses, all the romance of the southern night--but not for us!
the children came--four, in quick succession.
but so fixed were my eyes on the goal of success, i scarcely realized the mystery of motherhood.
i would willingly have laid down my life for him or for any one of the children.
in the meanwhile, i held my breath and worked.
glad when the best years of our lives together were passed!
the day came when the last little fellow trudged off to school and i no longer had a baby to hamper me.
we were living now in the big old home.
i no longer did john's bookkeeping for him--he paid a man a hundred dollars a month to do that--but i still kept my hand on the business.
one by one the children grew up and entered more or less successful careers of their own....
i don't feel that i know them so very well.
if my experience were unique it would not be worth publishing, but it is only too common.
think of the wives who exchange the best years of their lives, their husband's comfort, his peace of mind, if not to buy back the family mansion, then for a higher social position; sometimes it is merely for--clothes!
articles the primary purpose of which is to give directions for doing something in a particular way, are always in demand.
the simplest type is the recipe or formula containing a few directions for combining ingredients.
more elaborate processes naturally demand more complex directions and require longer articles.
although such recipe directions are clear, they are not particularly interesting.
many readers, especially those of agricultural journals, are tired of being told to do this and that in order to get better results.
they are inclined to suspect the writer of giving directions on the basis of untried theory rather than on that of successful practice.
there is an advantage, therefore, in getting away from formal advice and directions and in describing actual processes as they have been carried on successfully.
articles intended to give practical guidance are most interesting when cast in the form of an interview, a personal experience, or a narrative.
in an interview article, a person may indirectly give directions to others by describing in his own words the methods that he has used to accomplish the desired results.
or the writer, by telling his own experiences in doing something, may give readers directions in an interesting form.
whatever method he adopts, the writer must keep in mind the questions that his readers would be likely to ask if he were explaining the method or process to them in person.
to one who is thoroughly familiar with a method the whole process is so clear that he forgets how necessary it is to describe every step to readers unfamiliar with it.
the omission of a single point may make it impossible for the reader to understand or to follow the directions.
although a writer need not insult the intelligence of his readers by telling them what they already know, he may well assume that they need to be reminded tactfully of many things that they may have known but have possibly forgotten.
ten minutes later a young lathe operator reported to beggs.
he was able to run fanning's machine while the latter temporarily filled the shoes of the absent schuyler.
scarcely a week passes that does not bring a similar call to our employment office.
while our plant, as plants go, is not large, we always have a number of men working with us who are fitted by experience and adaptability to do other work than that which they are hired to do.
such men are invaluable to know about, especially when an operator stays away for a day or perhaps a week and the shop is full of orders.
once it was a problem to find the right man immediately.
a few additions to our employment records made it possible to keep track of each man's complete qualifications.
the employment records i keep in my desk in the deep drawer.
they are filed alphabetically by name.
into this envelope we put his application, his references, and other papers.
his application tells us what kinds of work he can do and has done in other shops.
i rest secure now in my knowledge that i have not buried a potential grinder in a drill press operator, or that i do not have to carry his double qualifications in my mind.
i know that if beggs should suddenly telephone me some morning that his grinder is absent--sick, or fishing, perhaps--i need only take my cardboard list and, starting at a, run it down my file until i come to the envelope of the drill press operator.
and there is every likelihood that, with the necessary explanation to the man's own foreman, beggs will get his grinder for the day.
she was young, popular, unusually fond of frocks and fun.
she didn't know a jersey from a hereford, or a wyandotte from a plymouth rock.
moreover, she is supplying eggs, chickens, honey, and home-canned goods to those of her former associates who are willing to pay for quality.
after i'd swept and dusted and prepared meals for two, i had hours of time on my hands.
the corner bakeshop, the laundry, and modern conveniences had thrust upon me more leisure than i could use.
mr. tupper is a young engineer whose work takes him to various parts of the southwest.
in his absence i felt strongly the need of filling up my idle hours in some interesting, useful way.
i longed to be a real partner to my husband and to share in making the family income as well as spending it.
one day it flashed upon me: 'why invest in city property?
mr. tupper's salary furnished working capital for the enterprise and mrs. tupper has found congenial work as farmer-in-chief.
poultry, bees, and a vegetable garden are mrs. tupper's specialities.
her side lines are a pig and a registered jersey cow.
she looks after the poultry, works in garden and apiary, and milks the cow herself.
i went straight to the agricultural college and the state poultry experiment station for instructions.
while i was living in the country supervising the building of the bungalow, i read and digested every bulletin i could get.
i subscribe for several farm papers and a bee journal.
i tried to take orders intelligently.
mrs. tupper's chickens are hatched in incubators, hovered in a coal-heated brooder house, fed according to experiment-station directions, and reared in poultry houses built from experiment-station designs.
from the first they have been practically free from lice and disease.
even in zero weather and at times when feed is most costly, her spring pullets more than pay their way.
some of mrs. tupper's neighbors were inclined to joke at first at her appetite for bulletins, her belief in experts, and her rigid insistence on pure-bred stock and poultry.
they admit now that her faith has been justified.
if mrs. tupper had trod in the well-worn neighborhood ruts, she would have marketed her produce by the country-store-commission-man-retailer-consumer route; but again she did not.
from the first she planned to plug the leakage of farm profits in middlemen's commissions.
when she had anything to sell, she put on a good-looking tailored suit, a becoming hat, smart shoes and gloves, and went to the city to talk to ultimate consumers.
the consciousness of being dressed appropriately--not expensively or ornately--is a valuable aid to the farm saleswoman, mrs. tupper thinks.
so i reasoned that a trim, pleasing appearance would be as valuable an asset to me as to the men who sell pickles, insurance, or gilt-edged bonds.
it would mean a favorable first impression and open the way to show samples and make a sales talk.
it would be useless to try for fancy prices if i brought honey to town in mean-looking cases or rusty cans.
a slight drip down the side of a package might not be proof positive of poor quality, but it would frighten away a careful buyer.
likewise, i do not illustrate my egg sales talks with a sample dozen of odd sizes and shapes.
it is needless to add that goods delivered to customers must be of the same quality and appearance as the samples, and that one must keep one's promises to the dot.
mrs. tupper figured that if a trademark has advertising pull for a manufacturing concern, it would help the farm business.
she had cards printed bearing the name of the farm, its telephone number, and its products.
graceland farm is also emphasized on letter heads.
i'd stand a good chance of losing a customer, wouldn't i?
mrs. tupper has encouraged automobile trade.
many of her city patrons have the habit of driving to the farm and returning with a hamper laden with eggs, honey, butter, or canned stuff from the vegetable garden.
the neighbors smile at her zeal for fairs and poultry shows.
it was cold, disagreeable work, for instance, to prepare an exhibit for the heart of america poultry show at kansas city last fall; but mrs. tupper felt repaid.
she won first prize on hen, first and second on pullet, and fourth on cockerel.
then she exhibited at the st. joseph, missouri, poultry show with even better success.
i met scores of people and distributed hundreds of cards.
the tupper bungalow is neat and attractive.
in spite of her duties in the poultry house and apiary, mrs. tupper serves appetizing meals.
she finds time for church work and neighborhood calls, and gives every thursday to the red cross.
the housework is speeded up with such conveniences as hot and cold water in kitchen and bathroom, and steam heat.
the kitchen is an efficient little workshop lined by cupboards and shelves.
mrs. tupper can sit before her kitchen cabinet and prepare a meal without moving about for ingredients and utensils.
a service wagon saves steps between kitchen and dining-room.
the floors of the bungalow are of hard wood.
they are waxed a few times each year, and a little work each morning with dust mop and carpet sweeper keeps them in good order.
laundry work, scrubbing, and dishwashing have a low economic value.
we all like to read about prominent and successful people.
we want to know more about the men and women who figure in the day's news, and even about interesting persons whose success has not been great enough to be heralded in the press.
we want to see them as living men and women.
it is the writer's problem to present them so vividly that we shall feel as if we had actually met them face to face.
whether the aim is to afford food for thought, inspiration to action, or guidance in practical matters, the treatment is essentially the same.
the recognized methods of describing characters in fiction may be used to advantage in portraying real persons.
by a judicious combination of several of these methods, a writer can make his readers visualize the person, hear him speak, watch him in characteristic actions, and understand his past life, as well as realize what others think of him and how they act toward him.
it is easier to write personality sketches about men and women whom we know well than it is about those whom we have never met, or with whom we have had only a short interview.
inexperienced writers should not attempt to prepare sketches of persons whom they know but slightly.
in a single interview a writer who is observant, and who is a keen judge of human nature, may be able to get an impression sufficiently strong to serve as the basis of a satisfactory article, especially if the material obtained in the interview is supplemented by printed sketches and by conversations with others.
personality sketches sometimes include long interviews giving the person's opinions on the subject on which he is an authority.
in such articles the sketch usually precedes the interview.
he inquired his way of a group of underclassmen and they pointed out to him a large red building on the campus.
although mr. clark had just finished persuading an irascible father to allow his reprobate sophomore son to stay at college, and although he was facing the problem of advising an impetuous senior how to break an engagement with a girl he no longer loved, he adapted himself to the needs and the temperament of the foreigner instantly, sympathetically, and efficiently.
this is a typical incident in the extremely busy, richly human daily routine of the man who created the office of dean of men in american universities.
he averages one hundred callers a day, in addition to answering a heavy mail and attendance upon various committee, board, and council meetings.
he is known all over the country as an authority on fraternities and their influence, and a power for making that influence constantly better and finer.
in business, farmer, and school circles in the middle west mr. clark is famous for his whimsical, inspiring speeches.
his quick, shaft-like humor, his keen, devastating sarcasm, and his rare, resilient sympathy have made him a personality beloved particularly by young persons.
reaching over, he took the two bills and pocketed them, leaving the half-dollar.
i don't want you to be handicapped, so i'll keep this two dollars.
the boy earned his way successfully for several months.
mr. clark wired for a chicago specialist and paid all expenses out of his own pocket.
the dean has an abnormal memory for names and faces.
mr. clark once revealed to me the secret of his life.
fifteen years ago he was professor of english and had strong literary ambitions, with no little promise.
there came the offer of the office of dean of men.
he had to choose between writing about peoples lives or living those lives with people.
that is the chief topic of conversation these days in the big shops of hartford, new haven and bridgeport, where the bulk of the rifles, pistols and machine guns for uncle sam's army is being turned out.
he has invented not one, but two new guns.
both have been accepted by the united states government, contracts for immense numbers of each have been signed, and work of production is being pushed night and day.
the new weapons will be put into the field against germany at the earliest possible day.
well, browning is the father of rapid-fire and automatic firearms.
he has been to the development of firearms what edison has been to electricity.
he would rather face a machine gun than a reporter.
a few years ago a paper in his home state--utah--published a little story about his success as an inventor, and the story was copied by the hartford courant.
friends, however, who believe that the world should know something about this firearms wizard, furnish the following sidelights on his career: browning comes from an old-stock mormon family of ogden, utah.
as a young man he was a great hunter, going off into the woods for a month or six weeks at a time, with only his gun for company.
he pounded out the parts for his first rapid-fire gun with hammer and cold chisel.
the united states army pistol is a browning invention.
a browning pistol manufactured by the fabrique nationale of belgium was made the standard equipment for the armies of belgium, russia, spain, italy and serbia.
his face is marked by a network of fine lines.
although browning will not talk of himself or of his career as an inventor, he can't help talking when the conversation is turned on guns.
when you begin loading a gun up with a lot of fancy contraptions and 'safety devices,' you are only inviting trouble.
you complicate the mechanism and make that many more places for dirt and grit to clog the action.
of browning's new guns it is not, of course, permissible to give any details.
both guns are counted upon as valuable additions to the equipment of our overseas forces.
in this respect it is more like the short story.
as in the short story so in the narrative article, description of persons, places, and objects involved serves to heighten the effect.
narrative methods may be employed to present any group of facts that can be arranged in chronological order.
a process, for example, may be explained by showing a man or a number of men engaged in the work involved, and by giving each step in the process as though it were an incident in a story.
the story of an invention or a discovery may be told from the inception of the idea to its realization.
a political situation may be explained by relating the events that led up to it.
the workings of some institution, such as an employment office or a juvenile court, may be made clear by telling just what takes place in it on a typical occasion.
historical and biographical material can best be presented in narrative form.
suspense, rapid action, exciting adventure, vivid description, conversation, and all the other devices of the short story may be introduced into narrative articles to increase the interest and strengthen the impression.
whenever, therefore, material can be given a narrative form it is very desirable to do so.
a writer, however, must guard against exaggeration and the use of fictitious details.
how narration with descriptive touches and conversation may be effectively used to explain a new institution like the community kitchen, or the methods of recruiting employed in the army, is shown in the two articles below.
two battered tin pails were handed up by small, grimy fingers.
two eager little faces were upturned toward the top of the bright green counter which loomed before them.
two pairs of roguish eyes smiled back at the woman who reached over the counter and took the pails.
asked the woman, carefully lowering the filled pail to the outstretched little hand.
the woman was mrs. william k. vanderbilt, jr.
so it is here at last--the much talked of, long hoped for, community kitchen.
within three years, it is promised, the community kitchen will have become national in character.
its possibilities for development are limitless.
way was blazed for the pioneer kitchen by edward f. brown, executive secretary of the new york school lunch committee.
the active power behind the cauldrons of soup, cabbage and frankfurters, beans and rice pudding is vested in mrs. james a.
burden, jr., and mrs. william k. vanderbilt, jr.
the evolution of the community kitchen is going to be of interest to every housewife and to every wage earner in all classes of society.
first of all, let it be distinctly understood that the kitchen as inaugurated is not a charity.
this much has been demonstrated already to the extent that the tenth avenue kitchen has not only paid expenses, but has so overrun its confines that plans are in preparation for the establishment of other and larger kitchens in rapid succession.
the object is to give to the purchaser the maximum quantity of highest grade food, properly cooked, at minimum cost.
this cost includes rent, light, heat, power, interest on investment, depreciation, cost of food materials, labor and supervision.
the principle is that of barter and sale on an equitable business basis.
the project as now formulated is to establish for immediate use a small group of public kitchens having one central depot.
this depot will be in constant operation throughout the twenty-four hours.
here the food will be prepared and distributed to the smaller kitchens where, by means of steam tables, it can be kept hot and dispensed.
the character of the food to be supplied each district will be chosen with regard to what the population is accustomed to, that which is simple and wholesome, which contains bulk, can be prepared at minimum cost, can be conveniently dispensed and easily carried away.
opposite a large school building, in a small room that had been at one time a saloon, the kitchen of the century was fitted up and formally opened to the public.
three long green tables with green painted benches beside them encircle the room on two sides.
their use was manifest the second day after the kitchen was opened.
they, too, stopped at the corner kitchen.
by the time the attendant arrived to unlock the doors forty men were in line waiting for breakfast.
ten minutes later the three tables were fully occupied.
exclaimed one of the men, pushing the empty tray from him, after draining the last drop of coffee in his mug.
the children from the school building trooped in.
he carried the saucerful of pudding over to the table.
behind the counter the women who had made these things possible smiled happily and dished out pudding, beans and soup with generous impartiality.
the daughter of mrs. vanderbilt appeared.
then the women and children poured in with pails and dishes and pans.
when i go to work by the day it's little that's cooked at home.
in his rather dull mind he pictured himself as he would look, straight and dignified, in the khaki uniform, perhaps even with the three stripes of the sergeant on his arm.
why, that's more than i'm gettin' now on the farm!
this boy had not come to his decision in a moment.
his untrained but thoroughly honest mind worked slowly.
he had been pondering the opportunities of army life for many weeks.
the idea had come to him by chance, he thought.
over a month ago he had been plowing the lower forty of old man huggins's farm.
the road to the mountains lay along one side of the field, and as the boy turned and started to plow his furrow toward the road he noticed that a motor cycle had stopped just beyond the fence.
over the mule's huge back he watched as he drew nearer.
sure enough, when the fence was reached the boy saw that the stranger was dressed in the regulation khaki of uncle sam, with the u.s. in block letters at the vent of the collar and two stripes on the left sleeve.
the boy queried, dropping his plow-handles.
the corporal grunted and continued to potter with the machine.
the boy continued, leaning on the fence.
the motor cycle was attracting little of the recruiting officer's attention now, for he was a recruiting officer, and engaged in one of the most practical phases of his work.
evidently the boy was becoming interested.
the recruiting officer laid down his tools, pulled out a pipe, and sat down comfortably under a small sycamore tree at the roadside.
he paused for a minute to scrutinize the prospective recruit more closely.
to his experienced eye the boy appeared desirable.
slouchy, dirty, and lazy-looking, perhaps; but there were nevertheless good muscles and a strong body under those ragged overalls.
the corporal launched into his story.
for twenty minutes the boy listened open-mouthed to the stories of post life, where baseball, football, and boxing divided the time with drilling; of mess-halls where a fellow could eat all he wanted to, free; of good-fellowship and fraternal pride in the organization; of the pleasant evenings in the amusement rooms in quarters.
and then of the life of the big world, of which the boy had only dreamed; of the western plains, of texas, the snowy ridges of the great rockies, new york, chicago, san francisco, the philippines, hawaii, the strange glamour of the tropics, the great wildernesses of the frozen north.
and, mounting his motor cycle, he was gone down the road in a whirl of red dust.
nor did the farmer boy think to wonder at the sudden recovery of the apparently stalled machine.
so it happened that steve bishop mounted the stairs that day, resolved to join the army if they would take him.
in the small, bare, but immaculately clean room at the head of the stairs he found his friend the corporal banging away at a typewriter.
the soldier finished his page, lit his pipe again, and leisurely swung round in his chair.
unconsciously the boy appreciated the compliment; it was flattering to be considered on a basis of equality with this clean-cut, rugged man of the wide world.
that was all right, then; no tedious formality of securing signed permission from parent or guardian was necessary.
from the way a boy answers i can decide which branch of the service he ought to be connected with.
then comes the physical examination, a vigorous but not exacting course of sprouts designed to find out if the applicant is capable of violent exertion and to discover any minor weaknesses; an examination of eyes, ears, teeth, and nose; and, finally, a cursory scrutiny for functional disorders.
in a week the district recruiting officer, a young lieutenant, drops in on his regular circuit.
the men who have been accepted by the non-commissioned officer are put through their paces again, and so expert is the corporal in judging good material that none of steve's group of eight are rejected.
in these boxes you'll find four big, healthy lunches for each one of you.
one of the new recruits is given charge of the form ticket issued by the railway expressly for the government; is told that when meal-time comes he can get off the train with the others and for fifty cents buy a big pail of hot coffee for the bunch at the station lunch-room.
in twenty-four hours steve and his companions are at the training station, have taken the oath of allegiance, and are safely and well on their way to full membership in the family of uncle sam.
just as a builder would hesitate to erect a house without a carefully worked-out plan, so a writer should be loath to begin an article before he has outlined it fully.
in planning a building, an architect considers how large a house his client desires, how many rooms he must provide, how the space available may best be apportioned among the rooms, and what relation the rooms are to bear to one another.
in outlining an article, likewise, a writer needs to determine how long it must be, what material it should include, how much space should be devoted to each part, and how the parts should be arranged.
time spent in thus planning an article is time well spent.
outlining the subject fully involves thinking out the article from beginning to end.
the value of each item of the material gathered must be carefully weighed; its relation to the whole subject and to every part must be considered.
the arrangement of the parts is of even greater importance, because much of the effectiveness of the presentation will depend upon a logical development of the thought.
in the last analysis, good writing means clear thinking, and at no stage in the preparation of an article is clear thinking more necessary than in the planning of it.
amateurs sometimes insist that it is easier to write without an outline than with one.
it undoubtedly does take less time to dash off a special feature story than it does to think out all of the details and then write it.
in nine cases out of ten, however, when a writer attempts to work out an article as he goes along, trusting that his ideas will arrange themselves, the result is far from a clear, logical, well-organized presentation of his subject.
the common disinclination to make an outline is usually based on the difficulty that most persons experience in deliberately thinking about a subject in all its various aspects, and in getting down in logical order the results of such thought.
unwillingness to outline a subject generally means unwillingness to think.
the length of an article is determined by two considerations: the scope of the subject, and the policy of the publication for which it is intended.
a large subject cannot be adequately treated in a brief space, nor can an important theme be disposed of satisfactorily in a few hundred words.
the length of an article, in general, should be proportionate to the size and the importance of the subject.
the deciding factor, however, in fixing the length of an article is the policy of the periodical for which it is designed.
periodicals also fix certain limits for articles to be printed in particular departments.
the practice of printing a column or two of reading matter on most of the advertising pages influences the length of articles in many magazines.
to obtain an attractive make-up, the editors allow only a page or two of each special article, short story, or serial to appear in the first part of the magazine, relegating the remainder to the advertising pages.
articles must, therefore, be long enough to fill a page or two in the first part of the periodical and several columns on the pages of advertising.
the arrangement of advertisements, even in the magazine sections, does not affect the length of articles.
the only way to determine exactly the requirements of different newspapers and magazines is to count the words in typical articles in various departments.
after deciding on the length of his article, the writer should consider what main points he will be able to develop in the allotted space.
his choice will be guided by his purpose in writing the article.
whatever is non-essential must be abandoned, no matter how attractive it may be.
having determined upon the essential topics, he next proceeds to estimate their relative value for the development of his theme, so that he may give to each one the space and the prominence that are proportionate to its importance.
the order in which to present the main topics requires thoughtful study.
a logical development of a subject by which the reader is led, step by step, from the first sentence to the last in the easiest and most natural way, is the ideal arrangement.
an article should march right along from beginning to end, without digressing or marking time.
the straight line, in writing as in drawing, is the shortest distance between two points.
in narration the natural order is chronological.
to arouse immediate interest, however, a writer may at times deviate from this order by beginning with a striking incident and then going back to relate the events that led up to it.
in exposition the normal order is to proceed from the known to the unknown, to dovetail the new facts into those already familiar to the reader.
when a writer desires by his article to create certain convictions in the minds of his readers, he should consider the arrangement best calculated to lead them to form such conclusions.
the most telling effects are produced, not by stating his own conclusions as strongly as possible, but rather by skillfully inducing his readers to reach those conclusions by what they regard as their own mental processes.
that is, if readers think that the convictions which they have reached are their own, and were not forced upon them, their interest in these ideas is likely to be much deeper and more lasting.
it is best, therefore, to understate conclusions or to omit them entirely.
in all such cases the writer's aim in arranging his material should be to direct his readers' train of thought so that, after they have finished the last sentence, they will inevitably form the desired conclusion.
with the main topics arranged in the best possible order, the writer selects from his available material such details as he needs to amplify each point.
examples, incidents, statistics, and other particulars he jots down under each of the chief heads.
the arrangement of these details, in relation both to the central purpose and to each other, requires some consideration, for each detail must have its logical place in the series.
having thus ordered his material according to a systematic plan, he has before him a good working outline to guide him in writing.
the process of gathering, evaluating, and organizing material may best be shown by a concrete example.
the publication in a new york paper of a news story to the effect that the first commencement exercises were about to be held in the only factory school ever conducted in the city, suggested to a special feature writer the possibility of preparing an article on the work of the school.
to obtain the necessary material, he decided to attend the exercises and to interview both the principal of the school and the head of the factory.
at the close of the graduation exercises, he secured the desired interviews with the teacher in charge and with the head of the firm, copied typical examples from the exhibition of the pupils' written work, and jotted down notes on the decoration and furnishing of the schoolroom.
since the commencement exercises had been reported in the newspapers, he decided to refer to them only incidentally in his story.
after considering the significance of the work of the school and what there was about it that would appeal to different classes of readers, he decided to write his story for the magazine section of the new york newspaper that he believed was most generally read by business men who operated factories similar to the one described.
he hoped that his article would lead readers to encourage the establishment of similar schools as a means of americanizing alien girls.
the expository type of article containing concrete examples, description, and interviews he concluded to adopt as the form best suited to his subject.
was the question he asked himself, in order to select the best point with which to begin his article.
the feature that would attract the most attention, he believed, was the striking results obtained by the school in a comparatively short time.
in reviewing the several types of beginnings to determine which would best suit the presentation of these remarkable results, he found two possibilities: first, the summary lead with a striking statement for the first sentence; and second, a concrete example of the results as shown by one of the pupils.
he found, however, that he did not have sufficient data concerning any one girl to enable him to tell the story of her transformation as an effective concrete case.
he determined, therefore, to use a striking statement as the feature of a summary lead.
from his interview with the head of the firm, and from a formal statement of the purpose of the school printed on the commencement program, he obtained the reasons why the school had been established.
to show most interestingly the results of the teaching, he picked out four of the six written exercises that he had copied from those exhibited on the walls of the schoolroom.
the first of these dealt with american history, the second with thrift and business methods, and the third with personal hygiene.
for the fourth he selected the work of a woman of forty whose struggles to get into the school and to learn to write the teacher had described to him.
figures on the cost of the school he had secured from the head of the firm according to his preliminary plan.
these covered the expense both to the employers and to the city.
his description of the schoolroom he could base on his own observation, supplemented by the teacher's explanations.
for his conclusion he determined to summarize the results of this experiment in education as the firm stated them on the commencement program, and to give his own impression of the success of the school.
thus he sought to give final reinforcement to the favorable impression of the school that he wished his article to create, with the aim of leading readers to reach the conclusion that such schools should be encouraged as invaluable aids to the americanization of alien girls.
having selected the main topics and having decided in a general way how he intended to develop each one, he then fixed upon the best order in which to present them.
after his introduction giving the striking results of the school in a summary lead, it seemed logical to explain the firm's purpose in undertaking this unusual enterprise.
the methods of-instruction by which the remarkable success was attained, impressed him as the next important point.
his readers, having learned the results and the purpose of the school, would naturally want to know by what methods these girls had been transformed in so short a time.
greater variety, he foresaw, would result from such an arrangement.
since the pupils' work which he planned to reproduce had been exhibited on the walls of the schoolroom, the transition from the description of the room to the exhibits on the walls was an easy and logical one.
by this process of elimination, the cost of the school became the sixth division, to be followed by the summary conclusion.
he then proceeded to fill in the details needed to develop each of these main topics, always keeping his general purpose in mind.
the result of this organization of material was the following outline: i.
since the establishment of a school in a factory was the novel feature of the enterprise, he worked out a title based on this idea, with a sub-title presenting the striking results accomplished by the school.
the completed article follows, with a brief analysis of the methods used in developing the outline.
striking results transformed into an intelligent, efficient striking statement american citizen, in this city, in two sentence to without interfering with the daily work avoid unwieldy sentence.
only forty-five minutes a day in a factory schoolroom is required to accomplish such striking results.
commencement the first commencement of the only timeliness brought school conducted in a new york factory.
twenty weeks striking results ago many of these young women could emphasized by device not speak english; many of them had of contrast never been to school a day in their lives.
every one present on thursday impression on audience night felt that this was indeed a commencement of remarkable for these girls.
results it is due to the instruction of miss teacher's name has florence meyers, formerly a public local interest school teacher, that the girls can now speak english, write good letters, make out money-orders, cash checks, and send telegrams.
they have also been additional concrete taught the principles of our government, details of striking the importance of personal hygiene, results and the processes by which cotton goods used in their work are manufactured.
school at the suggestion of dudley e. sicher, head of the firm, in coperation with the board of education, and has been under the supervision of miss lizzie e. principal and school rector, public school no.
example to other factory, which is the largest white firms goods muslin underwear plant in the veiled suggestion to world, will doubtless serve as an example readers to be followed by other firms.
shown here was another who had never written a word in her life, either in english or in any other language.
the problem was how to give each of them what she most needed in the short time allotted statement of general every day.
this essentially plan practical training i organized under several subjects, each of which was broadly inclusive.
letter writing writing, it meant teaching the english language, as well as writing and spelling.
it meant teaching the geography of the country, the postal regulations, and the forms of business and personal correspondence.
arithmetic and show them how to make change by means of addition, subtraction, and division.
i also ask them to keep personal expense accounts and to make out reports of the work that they do.
civics the lives of our statesmen--for these girls are so eager to be true americans that they want to know about our great men--the origin of legal holidays, the merits of our system of government, the meaning of citizenship, and the essence of patriotism.
american standards of living, personal cleanliness, and sanitary regulations have to be emphasized.
to aid in counteracting the effects of long hours at the sewing machines, we have physical culture exercises.
instruction in first aid measures is also given so that they will know what to do in case of an accident.
the nutritive value of different foods in relation to their cost is discussed to enable them to maintain their health by a proper diet.
cotton goods in making muslin underwear, it seemed desirable for them to know where cotton grows, how it is spun, where the mills are and how it is shipped to new york.
means of communication the subway, surface lines, and railways is another subject of instruction.
a dummy 'phone, telegraph method of presentation blanks, the city directory, maps with in this paragraph routes of rapid transit lines, and the changed for telephone book, are some of the practical variety laboratory apparatus and textbooks that are employed.
location the elevator to the last floor but one of note effect of using the factory building.
it is a clean, airy room with big windows opening on the street, made gay with boxes of flowers.
decorations room appropriately represent the many nationalities among the pupils.
on note character of one wall hangs a card with the legend: decorations selected four things come not back: the spoken word the sped arrow the past life the neglected opportunity.
a photograph of miss jessie wilson, now mrs. francis b. sayre, occupies the space between the two windows.
the picture was presented to the girls by miss wilson herself, just before she this shows enterprising was married, when a party of them with spirit on the miss meyers went to washington to part of teacher, girls, give her a white petticoat they had and firm made themselves, as a wedding present.
after miss wilson had shown them through the white house and they had seen her wedding presents, she gave them this signed photograph.
furnishings end of the room make it possible for the girls to enjoy dancing during the noon hours on three days of the week, and to have musicals on other occasions.
library walls of a smaller office room opening off the schoolroom.
on two days of the week during the noon hour, the teacher read aloud to the girls until they were able to read for themselves.
then they were permitted to take books home with them.
besides this, they have been encouraged to use the public libraries, after being shown how to make out applications for library cards.
she was so much interested in the teacher's own it that i asked her to tell the others words about it.
although a little shy at first, she soon forgot herself in her eagerness to relate miss antin's experiences.
she told the story with such dramatic effect that she quite carried away her classmates.
mary antin herself accepted the is this paragraph girls' invitation to attend the graduation out of logical order?
italian's theme and of the pupils was probably that of an progress italian girl.
before coming to this country, she had attended school and example of greatest besides this she had been teaching her progress is put father at night whatever she had first learned during the day.
her short essay on her adopted country read: this country is the united states note use of narrow of america.
it is the land of freedom measure without and liberty, because the people quotation marks for govern themselves.
all citizens love examples quoted their country, because they know that this freedom was earned by men who gave their lives for it.
the united states is in north america.
north america is one of the greatest divisions of the earth.
the fact that columbus, one of her is this comment by countrymen, had discovered the country the writer effective?
in which she and her father had found a new life, doubtless appealed to her keen imagination.
russian's essay on lessons she had received in the value of saving opening a dime-savings account, is indicated by this composition: i must save money out of my earnings to put in the bank.
to deposit means to put money in the bank.
cashing a cheque means changing a cheque for money.
polish girl's essay may be emphasized in connection with the teaching of composition was illustrated in an essay of a polish girl written under a picture of a woman combing her hair: she wished to comb her hair.
she combs and brushes her hair every morning.
she washes her hair often with soap and water.
woman of forty of forty to learn to read and write was and her work told by miss meyers in connection with one of the pieces of work exhibited.
despite her age, she begged for a long time to be permitted to enter the school, but there were so many young girls who desired to learn that they were given the preference.
the shown by quoting first attempts were large, irregular exercise letters that sprawled over the sheet like the work of a child when it begins to write.
after twenty weeks of struggle, her work took on a form that, although still crude, was creditable for one who had never written until she was over forty.
returns outweigh is the opinion of the employer, for the cost school work increases the efficiency in the factory sufficiently to make up for the time taken out of working hours.
this commencement at the factory school furnished another writer, nixola greeley smith, with material for a special feature story which was sent out by a syndicate, the newspaper enterprise association, for publication in several hundred newspapers.
the author centers the interest in one of the pupils, and shows the value of the school in terms of this girl's experience.
by thus developing one concrete example effectively, the author is able to arouse more interest in the results of the school than she would have done if in the same space she had attempted to give a greater number of facts about it.
unlike the longer article, her story probably would not suggest to the reader the possibility of undertaking a similar enterprise, because it does not give enough details about the organization and methods of the school to show how the idea could be applied elsewhere.
striking statement immigrant girl, unable to speak or beginning write english, went to work in a new note effective use of york garment factory.
factory which has paid her for going to school during working hours!
commencement this first certificate, at the graduation note that rebecca exercises held on the top floor of the is the central figure big women's wear factory of d.e.
it was rebecca meyer who delivered the address of welcome to the members of the board of education, the members of the firm, her fellow employees, and all the others gathered at these exercises--the first of dash used to set off their kind ever held in any commercial unique element establishment, anywhere!
how i english is suggestive should learn to speak the english language, i did not know.
that i should go to school every day, while i worked--who could dream of such a thing?
origin of school class of the new york public note method of schools has held its sessions all winter, introducing head of firm stood smiling in the background.
mr. sicher is president of the cotton goods manufacturers' association.
it was he who conceived the idea, about a year ago, of increasing the efficiency of his women employees by giving them an education free of cost, during working hours.
results of school results of the factory school has statement of head been a marked decrease in the friction of firm and the waste of time caused by the inability of employees to comprehend directions.
a girl who understands english, and has been enabled thereby to school herself in factory methods and conditions, doesn't hesitate and blunder; she understands, and does.
the study of the two special feature stories on the factory school shows how articles of this type are built up out of a number of units, such as examples, incidents, and statistics.
a similar study of the other types of articles exemplified in chapter v will show that they also are made up of various kinds of units.
since, then, every division of a subject may be regarded as a unit that is complete in itself whatever its position in the article, each of the several kinds of units may be studied separately.
in order to present these units most effectively, and to vary the form of presentation when occasion demands, a writer needs to be familiar with the different methods of developing each one of these types.
statistics and recipes may also be given in tabular form.
when a unit may be developed with equal effectiveness by any one of several methods, a writer should choose the one that gives variety to his article.
if, for example, the units just before and after the one under consideration are to be in direct quotation, he should avoid any form that involves quoted matter.
in all types of articles the concrete example is the commonest and most natural means of explaining a general idea.
to most readers, for instance, the legal provisions of an old age pension law would be neither comprehensible nor interesting, but a story showing how a particular old man had been benefited by the law would appeal to practically every one.
that is, to explain the operation and advantages of such a law, we give, as one unit, the concrete example of this old man.
actual examples are preferable to hypothetical ones, but the latter may occasionally be used when real cases are not available.
one of these cases, that given below, he decided to relate in his own words, without conversation or quotation, although he might have quoted part of the affidavit, or might have given the dialogue between the detective and the woman who had lost the pin.
no doubt he regarded the facts themselves, together with the suspense as to the outcome of the search, as sufficiently interesting to render unnecessary any other device for creating interest.
another woman of equal wealth and equally undoubted honesty lost a horseshoe diamond pin.
she and her maid looked everywhere, as they thought, but failed to find it.
she said in her affidavit that she had worn the pin in a restaurant a few nights before and had lost it that night, either in the restaurant or on her way there or back.
the restaurant management had searched for it, the restaurant help had been questioned closely, the automobile used that night had been gone over carefully, and the woman's home had been ransacked.
particular attention had been given to the gown worn by the woman on that occasion; every inch of it had been examined with the idea that the pin, falling from its proper place, had caught in the folds.
the surety company assigned one of its detectives to look for the pin.
the company, however, asked that its detective be allowed to search the woman's house itself.
the detective then inquired for the various gowns which the woman had worn for dress occasions within the preceding several weeks.
this line of investigation the owner of the pin considered a waste of time, since she remembered distinctly wearing the pin to the restaurant on that particular night, and her husband also remembered seeing it that night and put his memory in affidavit form.
but the detective persisted and with the help of a maid examined carefully those other gowns.
in the ruffle at the bottom of one of them, worn for the last time at least a week before the visit to the restaurant, she found the pin.
the woman and her husband simply had been mistaken--honestly mistaken.
she hadn't worn the pin to the restaurant, and her husband hadn't seen it that night.
the error was unintentional, but it came very near costing the surety company a large sum of money.
probably the one given below did not seem to the writer to be sufficiently striking if only the bare facts were given, and so he undertook to create sympathy by describing the poor, whimpering little dog and the distress of the two young women.
by arousing the sympathies of the readers, he was better able to impress them with the benefits of the clinic.
the other day daisy, a little fox terrier, was one of the patients.
she was a pretty little thing, three months old, with a silky coat and big, pathetic eyes.
she was escorted to the clinic by two hatless young women, in shawls, and three children.
the children waited outside in the reception room, standing in a line, grinning self-consciously, while the women followed daisy into the examination room.
there she was gently muzzled with a piece of bandage, and the doctor examined her.
there was something the matter with one hind leg, and the poor little animal whimpered pitifully, as dogs do, while the doctor searched for a broken bone.
it was too much for one of the women.
she left the room, and, standing outside the door, put her fingers in her ears, while the tears rolled down her cheeks.
receiving boxes, with a grin, while the three children--and children are always more or less little savages--grinned sympathetically.
but it was a very real sorrow for daisy's mistress.
there was no reason for alarm; it was only a sprain, caused by her mistress' catching the animal by the leg when she was giving her a bath.
her friends were told to take her home, bathe the leg with warm water, and keep her as quiet as possible.
her mistress, still with a troubled face, wrapped her carefully in the black shawl she was wearing, so that only the puppy's little white head and big, soft eyes peeped out, and the small procession moved away.
in a special feature story designed to show how much more intelligently the first woman judge in this country could deal with cases of delinquent girls in the juvenile court than could the ordinary police court judge, a writer selected several cases that she had disposed of in her characteristic way.
she was accompanied by her mother and older sister, both with determined lower jaws and faces as hard as flint.
she swaggered into the room in an impudent way to conceal the fact that her bravado was leaving her.
you did not tell me where you had been.
the older sister scowled at the girl and muttered something to the mother.
miss bartelme often lets the family fight things out among themselves; for in this way, far more than by definite questioning, she learns the attitude of the girl and the family toward each other, and indirectly arrives at most of the actual facts of the case.
in other words, he gave two imaginary instances to illustrate the manner in which bloodhounds are able to follow a trail.
obviously these two hypothetical cases are sufficiently plausible and typical to explain the idea.
if a bloodhound is brought to the scene of the crime within a reasonable length of time after it has been committed, and the dog has been properly trained, he will unfailingly run down the criminal, provided, of course, that thousands of feet have not tramped over the ground.
but let the crime be committed at noon when the section is alive with humanity and remain undiscovered until after dark, then the bloodhound is put at a disadvantage and his wonderful powers would fail him, no doubt.
narrative articles, such as personal experience stories, confessions, and narratives in the third person, consist almost entirely of incidents.
dialogue and description are very frequently employed in relating incidents, even when the greater part of the incident is told in the writer's own words.
to make statistical facts comprehensible and interesting is usually a difficult problem for the inexperienced writer.
masses of figures generally mean very little to the average reader.
unless the significance of statistics can be quickly grasped, they are almost valueless as a means of explanation.
one method of simplifying them is to translate them into terms with which the average reader is familiar.
this may often be done by reducing large figures to smaller ones.
statistics sometimes appear less formidable if they are incorporated in an interview or in a conversation.
in undertaking to explain the advantages of a coperative community store, a writer was confronted with the problem of handling a considerable number of figures.
the first excerpt below shows how he managed to distribute them through several paragraphs, thus avoiding any awkward massing of figures.
in order to present a number of comparative prices, he used the concrete case, given below, of an investigator making a series of purchases at the store.
this represented the middlemen's profits.
* * * * * there is no difference in appearance between the community store and any other provision store.
there is no difference in the way you buy your food.
this means that nearly one-half of all the taxes were expended on giving boys and girls an education.
nine out of every ten have been adjusted by our eight picked arbitrators, who tour the state, visiting promptly each scene of an accident and adjusting the compensation as quickly as possible.
the tenth case, which requires a lengthier or more painstaking hearing, is brought to the board.
of this no charge of any sort has been entered against the workers or their beneficiaries.
the costs are taken care of by the state.
to make scientific and technical processes sufficiently simple to appeal to the layman, is another problem for the writer of popular articles.
a narrative-descriptive presentation that enables the reader to visualize and follow the process, step by step, as though it were taking place before his eyes, is usually the best means of making it both understandable and interesting.
the baby mosquito is a regular little water bug.
his head is wide and flat and his eyes are set well out at the sides, while in front of them he has a pair of cute little horns or feelers.
while the baby mosquito is brought up in the water, he is an air-breather and comes to the top to breathe as do frogs and musk-rats and many other water creatures of a higher order.
like most babies the mosquito larva believes that his mission is to eat as much as he can and grow up very fast.
this he does, and if the weather is warm and the food abundant, he soon outgrows his skin.
he proceeds to grow a new skin underneath the old one, and when he finds himself protected, he bursts out of his old clothes and comes out in a spring suit.
this molting process occurs several times within a week or two, but the last time he takes on another form.
he is then called a pupa, and is in a strange transition period during which he does not eat.
he now slowly takes on the form of a true mosquito within his pupal skin or shell.
after two or three days, or perhaps five or six, if conditions are not altogether favorable, he feels a great longing within him to rise to something higher.
his tiny shell is floating upon the water with his now winged body closely packed within.
the skin begins to split along the back and the true baby mosquito starts to work himself out.
it is a strenuous task for him and consumes many minutes.
at last he appears and sits dazed and exhausted, floating on his old skin as on a little boat, and slowly working his new wings in the sunlight, as if to try them out before essaying flight.
a passing ripple may swamp his tiny craft and shipwreck him to become the prey of any passing fish or vagrant frog.
a swallow sweeping close to the water's surface may gobble him down.
some ruthless city employe may have flooded the surface of the pond with kerosene, the merest touch of which means death to a mosquito.
escaping all of the thousand and one accidents that may befall, he soon rises and hums away seeking whom he may devour.
here at five in the afternoon you may see long lines of sleek, well-groomed cows standing in their cement-floored, perfectly drained sheds.
the walls and ceilings are spotless from constant applications of whitewash, ventilation is scientifically arranged, doors and windows are screened against the flies.
here the white-clad, smooth-shaven milkers do their work with scrubbed and manicured hands.
you will note that all these men are studiously low-voiced and gentle in movement; for a cow, notwithstanding her outward placidity, is the most sensitive creature on earth, and there is an old superstition that if you speak roughly to your cow she will earn no money for you that day.
as each pail is filled it is carried directly into the milk-house; not into the bottling-room, for in that sterilized sanctum nobody except the bottler is admitted, but into the room above, where the pails are emptied into the strainer of a huge receptacle.
from the base of this receptacle it flows over the radiator in the bottling-room, which reduces it at once to the required temperature, thence into the mechanical bottler.
the white-clad attendant places a tray containing several dozen empty bottles underneath, presses a lever, and, presto!
he caps the bottles with another twist of the lever, sprays the whole with a hose, picks up the load and pushes it through the horizontal dumb-waiter, where another attendant receives it in the packing-room.
the second man clamps a metal cover over the pasteboard caps and packs the bottles in ice.
less than half an hour is consumed in the milking of each cow, the straining, chilling, bottling, and storing of her product.
to give in an attractive form complete and accurate directions for doing something in a certain way, is another difficult problem for the inexperienced writer.
for interest and variety, conversation, interviews and other forms of direct quotation, as well as informal narrative, may be employed.
by the device of allowing the members of the club to relate their experiences, she was able to offer a large number of suggestions.
but one must be careful not to have too hot a fire.
i burned several things before i learned that even a few red coals in the fire-pot will be sufficient for practically everything.
but i've solved that difficulty by bending a piece of tin and setting it between the fire and the cooking vessel.
this prevents burning, too, if the fire should be hot.
another plan is to set the vessel in an old preserving kettle.
if this outer kettle does not leak, it may be filled with water, which not only aids in the cooking process but also prevents burning.
i never think of cooking less than two days' supply of beans, and as for soup, that is made up in quantity sufficient to last a week.
if i have no ice, reheating it each day during warm weather prevents spoiling.
most vegetables are not harmed by a second cooking, and, besides the saving in fuel it entails, it's mighty comforting to know that you have your dinner already prepared for the next day, or several days before for that matter.
in cold weather, or if you have ice, it will not be necessary to introduce monotony into your meals in order to save fuel, for one can wait a day or two before serving the extra quantity.
sauces, either for vegetables, meats or puddings, may just as well be made for more than one occasion, altho if milk is used in their preparation, care must be taken that they are kept perfectly cold, as ptomaines develop rapidly in such foods.
by using a conversation between a hostess and her guest, another writer in the same farm journal succeeded in giving in a novel way some directions for preparing celery.
mrs. field smiled across the dining table at her guest.
i use such celery in soups and stews of all kinds; it adds such a delicious flavor.
it is especially good in poultry stuffings and meat loaf.
then there is creamed celery, of course, to which i sometimes add a half cup of almonds for variety.
not a bit of celery is wasted around here.
if your pumps are too large and slip at the heel, just put a strip across the back and they will stay in place nicely.
when your rubbers begin to break repair them on the inside with plaster cut to fit.
if the children lose their rubbers at school, write their names with black ink on strips of the clinging material and put these strips inside the top of the rubber at the back.
in the same way labels can be made for bottles and cans.
they are easy to put on and to take off.
if the garden hose, the rubber tube of your bath spray, or your hot water bag shows a crack or a small break, mend it with adhesive.
a cracked handle of a broom, carpet sweeper, or umbrella can be repaired with this first aid to the injured.
in the same way the handles of golf sticks, baseball bats, flagstaffs and whips may be given a new lease on life.
if your sheet music is torn or the window shade needs repairing, or there is a cracked pane of glass in the barn or in a rear window, apply a strip or patch of suitable size.
mary hamilton talbot gave several examples of methods of earning money, in one of which she incorporated practical directions, thus: a resourceful girl who loved to be out-of-doors found her opportunity in a bed of mint and aromatic herbs.
she sends bunches of the mint neatly prepared to various hotels and cafs several times a week by parcel post, but it is in the over-supply that she works out best her original ideas.
among the novelties she makes is a candied mint that sells quickly.
here is her formula: cut bits of mint, leaving three or four small leaves on the branch; wash well; dry and lay in rows on a broad, level surface.
thoroughly dissolve one pound of loaf sugar, boil until it threads and set from the fire.
while it is still at the boiling point plunge in the bits of mint singly with great care.
remove them from the fondant with a fork and straighten the leaves neatly with a hatpin or like instrument.
if a second plunging is necessary, allow the first coating to become thoroughly crystalized before dipping them again.
lay the sweets on oiled paper until thoroughly dry.
with careful handling these mints will preserve their natural aroma, taste, and shape, and will keep for any length of time if sealed from the air.
the sweet-smelling herbs of this girl's garden she dries and sells to the fancy goods trade, and they are used for filling cushions, pillows, and perfume bags.
the value of a good beginning for a news story, a special feature article, or a short story results from the way in which most persons read newspapers and magazines.
in glancing through current publications, the average reader is attracted chiefly by headlines or titles, illustrations, and authors' names.
the first paragraphs usually determine whether or not he goes any further.
a single copy of a newspaper or magazine offers so much reading matter that the casual reader, if disappointed in the introduction to one article or short story, has plenty of others to choose from.
but if the opening sentences hold his attention, he reads on.
to accomplish its purpose an introduction must be both a unit in itself and an integral part of the article.
the beginning, whether a single paragraph in form, or a single paragraph in essence, although actually broken up into two or more short paragraphs, should produce on the mind of the reader a unified impression.
the conversation, the incident, the example, or the summary of which it consists, should be complete in itself.
unless, on the other hand, the introduction is an organic part of the article, it fails of its purpose.
the beginning must present some vital phase of the subject; it should not be merely something attractive attached to the article to catch the reader's notice.
in his effort to make the beginning attractive, an inexperienced writer is inclined to linger over it until it becomes disproportionately long.
its length, however, should be proportionate to the importance of that phase of the subject which it presents.
as a vital part of the article, the introduction must be so skillfully connected with what follows that a reader is not conscious of the transition.
close coherence between the beginning and the body of the article is essential.
because of the importance of the introduction, the writer should familiarize himself with the different kinds of beginnings, and should study them from the point of view of their suitability for various types of articles.
combinations of two or more of these methods are not infrequent.
the lead, by telling the reader the nature of the event, the persons and things concerned, the time, the place, the cause, and the result, answers his questions, what?
thus the reader is given both the main facts and the most significant feature of the subject.
unquestionably this news story lead, when skillfully worked out, has distinct advantages alike for the news report and for the special article.
ten miles from the business district of the city, overlooking a horizon miles away over valley and hill, stands the finest tuberculosis hospital in the united states.
the newly completed institution, although not the largest hospital of the kind, is the best equipped and finest appointed.
it is symbolic of sunshine and pure air, the cure for the disease.
the girl is anna scheiring, american born, of austrian ancestry, living with her parents and brothers and sisters in a five-room apartment at no.
the same economic practices applied by little anna scheiring are at the present time being worked out in two thousand other new york homes whose daughters are pupils in the washington irving high school.
one hundred thousand of those who drink it are babies.
the milk comes from forty-four thousand dairy farms scattered through new york, new jersey, connecticut, massachusetts, pennsylvania, vermont, and even ohio.
a large proportion of the two million quarts travels thirty-six hours before it lands on the front doorstep of the consumer.
the situation in new york is duplicated in a less acute degree in every city in the united states.
to begin a special feature article in the narrative form is to give it a story-like character that at once arouses interest.
it is impossible in many instances to know from the introduction whether what follows is to be a short story or a special article.
an element of suspense may even be injected into the narrative introduction to stimulate the reader's curiosity, and descriptive touches may be added to heighten the vividness.
if the whole article is in narrative form, as is the case in a personal experience or confession story, the introduction is only the first part of a continuous story, and as such gives the necessary information about the person involved.
narrative beginnings that consist of concrete examples and specific instances are popular for expository articles.
sometimes several instances are related in the introduction before the writer proceeds to generalize from them.
the advantage of this inductive method of explanation grows out of the fact that, after a general idea has been illustrated by an example or two, most persons can grasp it with much less effort and with much greater interest than when such exemplification follows the generalization.
other narrative introductions consist of an anecdote, an incident, or an important event connected with the subject of the article.
since conversation is an excellent means of enlivening a narrative, dialogue is often used in the introduction to special articles, whether for relating an incident, giving a specific instance, or beginning a personal experience story.
accordingly the colonel went to the leading negro in the town of tuskegee and asked him what he could do to secure the negro vote, for negroes then voted in alabama without restriction.
this man, lewis adams by name, himself an ex-slave, promptly replied that what his race most wanted was education, and what they most needed was industrial education, and that if he (the colonel) would agree to work for the passage of a bill appropriating money for the maintenance of an industrial school for negroes, he, adams, would help to get for him the negro vote and the election.
on the recommendation of general armstrong, of hampton institute, a young colored man, booker t. washington, a recent graduate of and teacher at the institute, was called from there to take charge of this landless, buildingless, teacherless, and studentless institution of learning.
the hillman shifted his weight uneasily.
reaching over the side of the wagon he placed his rough hand tenderly on a black lump.
the saw mill proprietor glanced at it depreciatingly and turned toward the mill.
the mill proprietor hooked a row of fingers under the rough stone and tried to lift it.
the farmer from the foothills cut his eyes down to crafty slits.
that was forty-five years ago and it was thus that the great joplin lead and zinc district was made known to the world.
suggested the young seeker of employment.
that day a box was added to the equipment of the freight-office and the name of frank a. scott to the payroll.
they sank the box in deep water very cautiously, and then rowed slowly back to land, holding one end of the wire.
the nine young men were congratulating one man of the group on the explosion when an irate farmer ran up, yelling that every window in his farmhouse, nearly a mile away, had been shattered.
the party of young men didn't apologize then; they gathered about the one who was being congratulated and recongratulated him.
the farmer did not know until later that the force which broke his windows and sent the huge column of water into the air was the war department's newest, safest, and most powerful explosive; that the young men composed the dynamite squad of the engineer corps of the new york national guard; and that the man they were congratulating was lieut.
harold chase woodward, the inventor of the explosive.
she agreed; we selected the umpires and they decided against the store!
the store rule had been that cashiers paid for shortages in their accounts as--in our view--a penalty for carelessness; we did not care about the money.
this arbitration--although it had caused a decision against us--seemed such a satisfactory way of ending disputes that we continued the practice in an informal way.
out of it grew the present arbitration board, which is the corner-stone of the relation between our store and the employees, because it affords the machinery for getting what employees are above all else interested in--a square deal.
just as description of characters or of scene and setting is one method of beginning short stories and novels, so also it constitutes a form of introduction for an article.
in both cases the aim is to create immediate interest by vivid portrayal of definite persons and places.
the concrete word picture, like the concrete instance in a narrative beginning, makes a quick and strong appeal.
an element of suspense or mystery may be introduced into the description, if a person, a place, or an object is described without being identified by name until the end of the portrayal.
the possibilities of description are not limited to sights alone; sounds, odors and other sense impressions, as well as emotions, may be described.
frequently several different impressions are combined.
to stir the reader's feelings by a strong emotional description is obviously a good method of beginning.
a descriptive beginning, to be clear to the rapid reader, should be suggestive rather than detailed.
the average person can easily visualize a picture that is sketched in a few suggestive words, whereas he is likely to be confused by a mass of details.
picture-making words and those imitative of sounds, as well as figures of speech, may be used to advantage in descriptive beginnings.
for the description of feelings, words with a rich emotional connotation are important.
nearly every week-day during the winter months, exactly at noon, these warning words, intoned in a resonant and solemn voice, may be heard by the visitor who chances to pass the doors of the supreme court chamber in the capitol of the united states.
the visitor sees that others are entering those august portals, and so he, too, makes bold to step softly inside.
if he has not waited too long, he finds himself within the chamber in time to see nine justices of our highest court, clad in long, black robes, file slowly into the room from an antechamber at the left.
every one within the room has arisen, and all stand respectfully at attention while the justices take their places.
the justices seat themselves; the attorneys at the bar and visitors do likewise.
the supreme court of the united states, generally held to be the most powerful tribunal on earth, is in session.
imagine it filled with people from foot-lights to the last row in the topmost gallery--orchestra, dress circle, and balconies--a huge uprising, semicircular bowl, lined with human beings.
imagine it thus, and then strip the stage; take away the indians and the soldiers, the elephants and the camels; take away the careening stage coaches and the thundering hoofs of horses, and all the strange conglomeration of dramatic activities with which these inventive stage managers are accustomed to panoply their productions.
instead of all this, people the stage with a chorus choir in white smocks, and in front of the choir put a lean, upstanding, shock-headed preacher; but leave the audience--a regular hippodrome audience on the biggest saturday night.
imagine all of this, i say, and what you have is not the hippodrome, not the greatest play in the new world, nor any playhouse at all, but the temple baptist church of los angeles, california, with james whitcomb brougher, d.d., in the pulpit.
a little to the rear stand two wretched outbuildings.
upon its gray clapboarded sides, window blinds hang loose and window sashes sag away from their frames.
groaning upon one hinge the vestibule door turns away from lopsided steps, while a broken drain pipe sways perilously from the east corner of the roof.
within and beyond the vestibule is the schoolroom, a monotony of grimy walls and smoky ceiling.
cross lights from the six windows shine upon rows of desks of varying sizes and in varying stages of destruction.
squarely in the middle of the rough pine floor stands a jacketed stove.
a much torn dictionary and a dented water pail stand side by side on the shelf below the one blackboard.
once they passed a farmhouse, asleep save for a yellow light in a chamber.
where the road ascended the mountain--a narrow cut between dark, pointed firs and swaying white-limbed birches--the way was slushy with melting snow.
the littler girl, half dozing along the accustomed way, slipped and slid into puddles.
at the top of the mountain the two children shrank back into their mufflers, before the sweep of the wet, chill wind; but the mill was in sight--beyond the slope of bleak pastures outlined with stone walls--sunk deep in the valley beside a rapid mountain stream, a dim bulk already glimmering with points of light.
toward this the two little workwomen slopped along on squashy feet.
their home is two and one-half miles from the mill.
each earns three dollars a week--so they cannot afford to ride.
some are wrecked among the dizzy altitudes, others persevere through uncharted shoals, all make some kind of a noisy noise, and lo, it is accomplished; and intense relief sits enthroned on every dewy brow.
granting that the tune is pitched comfortably, the first verse marches with vigor and certitude, but not for long; dismay soon smites the crowd in sections as the individual consciousness backs and fills amid half learned lines.
the trick of catching hopefully at a neighbor's phrase usually serves to defeat itself, as it unmasks the ignorance of said neighbor, and the tune ends in a sort of polyglot mouthing which is not at all flattering to the denizens of an enlightened community.
these glimpses are not a whit over-drawn, and it is safe to say that they mirror practically every corner of our land to-day.
why is it, then, that the people make such a sorry exhibition of themselves when they attempt to sing the patriotic songs of our country?
is it the tunes or the words or we ourselves?
when the thought expressed in the first sentence of an article is sufficiently unusual, or is presented in a sufficiently striking form, it at once commands attention.
by stimulating interest and curiosity, it leads the average person to read on until he is satisfied.
a striking statement of this sort may serve as the first sentence of one of the other types of beginning, such as the narrative or the descriptive introduction, the quotation, the question, or the direct address.
since great size is impressive, a statement of the magnitude of something is usually striking.
numerical figures are often used in the opening sentences to produce the impression of enormous size.
if these figures are so large that the mind cannot grasp them, it is well, by means of comparisons, to translate them into terms of the reader's own experience.
there is always danger of overwhelming and confusing a person with statistics that in the mass mean little or nothing to him.
to declare in the first sentence that something is the first or the only one of its kind immediately arrests attention, because of the universal interest in the unique.
an unusual prediction is another form of striking statement.
to be told at the beginning of an article of some remarkable thing that the future holds in store for him or for his descendants, fascinates the average person as much as does the fortune-teller's prophecy.
there is danger of exaggeration, however, in making predictions.
a striking figure of speech--an unusual metaphor, for example--may often be used in the beginning of an article to arouse curiosity.
as the comparison in a metaphor is implied rather than expressed, the points of likeness may not immediately be evident to the reader and thus the figurative statement piques his curiosity.
a comparison in the form of a simile, or in that of a parable or allegory, may serve as a striking introduction.
a paradox, as a self-contradictory statement, arrests the attention in the initial sentence of an article.
although not always easy to frame, and hence not so often employed as it might be, a paradoxical expression is an excellent device for a writer to keep in mind when some phase of his theme lends itself to such a striking beginning.
besides these readily classified forms of unusual statements, any novel, extraordinary expression that is not too bizarre may be employed.
the chief danger to guard against is that of making sensational, exaggerated, or false statements, merely to catch the reader's notice.
but it is literally a fact that the automatic recording of the heart's action by means of tracings from the point of a tiny blaze appears to have been made a practicable method of determining the condition of the heart, more reliable than any other test that can be applied.
furnaces and stoves will soon be lighted.
they have been unused all summer and rubbish may have been piled near them or the flues may have rusted and slipped out of place unobserved in the long period of disuse.
persons start their fires in a sudden cold snap.
they don't take time to investigate.
then the fire department has work to do.
bad eyesight has been urged for years as a cause of backwardness and incorrigibility in school children.
now the public school authorities plan, for the first time, not only to teach children whose eyes are defective, but to cure them as well.
the complete disappearance of teeth from the human mouth is the condition towards which the most highly cultivated classes of humanity are drifting.
we have already gone far on a course that leads to the coming of a toothless age in future generations.
only by immediate adoption of the most active and widespread measures of prevention can the human tooth be saved from the fate that has befallen the leg of the whale.
there is a chance, one in three or four billions, that you will die in a second, by the tick of the watch.
the chair upon which you sit may collapse, the car in which you ride may collide, your heart may suddenly cease.
or you may survive the sentence and the article, and live twenty, fifty, eighty years longer.
no one knows the span of your life, and yet the insurance man is willing to bet upon it.
what is life insurance but the bet of an unknown number of yearly premiums against the payment of the policy?
* * * * the length of your individual life is a guess, but the insurance company bets on a sure thing, on the average death rate.
and three out of every four persons there were either born abroad or born here of foreign-born parents.
in short, in detroit, only every fourth person you meet was born in this country of american parents.
most of its citizens did not even think it was ailing, but there were some anxious souls who wondered if the rosy exterior were not the mockery of an internal fever.
they called in physicians, and after seven months spent in making their diagnosis, they have prescribed for lawrence, and the town is alarmed to the point of taking their medicine.
that is the medical way of saying that lawrence has just completed the most thorough municipal survey ever undertaken by a town of its size, and in so doing has found out that it is afflicted with a lot of ills that all cities are heir to.
lawrence, however, with kansas progressiveness, proposes to cure these ills.
william a. powell in consultation, and about one hundred and fifty club women were taken into the case.
this month they completed the examination, set up an exhibit to illustrate what they had to report, and read the prescription.
his chain is invisible, but the ball is always to be seen--the earth itself.
mix and melt, cast in molds, and roll to shape while hot.
rail-making certainly does seem to be easy when stated in its simplest terms; it also seems attractive from a business standpoint.
it is unmistakably the most vital factor to-day in america's prosperity.
words enclosed in quotation marks or set off in some distinctive form such as verse, an advertisement, a letter, a menu, or a sign, immediately catch the eye at the beginning of an article.
every conceivable source may be drawn on for quotations, provided, of course, that what is quoted has close connection with the subject.
if the quotation expresses an extraordinary idea, it possesses an additional source of interest.
verse quotations may be taken from a well-known poem, a popular song, a nursery rhyme, or even doggerel verse.
sometimes a whole poem or song prefaces an article.
when the verse is printed in smaller type than the article, it need not be enclosed in quotation marks.
in his typewritten manuscript a writer may indicate this difference in size of type by single-spacing the lines of the quotation.
prose quotations may be taken from a speech or an interview, or from printed material such as a book, report, or bulletin.
the more significant the quoted statement, the more effective will be the introduction.
when the quotation consists of several sentences or of one long sentence, it may comprise the first paragraph, to be followed in the second paragraph by the necessary explanation.
popular sayings, slogans, or current phrases are not always enclosed in quotation marks, but are often set off in a separate paragraph as a striking form of beginning.
the most conspicuous quotation beginnings are reproductions of newspaper clippings, advertisements, price lists, menus, telegrams, invitations, or parts of legal documents.
singing these words, 'round and 'round the campus they marched, drums beating time which no one observed, band clashing with band, in tune with nothing but the dominant note--the joy of reunion.
a motley lot of men they are--sailors and traction engineers, pierrots, soldiers, and even vestal virgins--for the june commencement is college carnival time.
something like this, also, after the jump of a century, was the attitude of employers and trade-unions all over the world toward industrial disputes.
words were wasted breath; the time to strike or to lock out your employees was when you were ready and your opponent was not.
if you won, so much the better; if you lost--at any rate, it was your own business.
outsiders were not presumed to interfere.
suppose you had read that in an andersen or a grimm fairy tale in the days when you firmly believed that cinderella went to a ball in a state coach which had once been a pumpkin; you would have accepted the magic chariot and its four bubbles of air without question.
what a pity it is that we have lost the credulity and the wonder of childhood!
we have our automobiles--over two and a half million of them--but they have ceased to be magic chariots to us.
in the whole mechanism of modern transportation there is nothing so paradoxical, nothing so daring in conception as these same bubbles of air which we call tires.
at school i used to get good marks in most of my studies, but in arithmetic my mark was about sixty.
but once when i was eight, i distinctly remember, i reflected that it didn't really matter because i was going to be an opera singer.
sighs the wife of john in every sizable city in the united states, where work and home are far apart.
but those clattery quick-lunch places which are all he has time for, or can afford, don't have appetizing cooking or surroundings, and all my forethought and planning over our good home meals may be counteracted by his miserable lunch.
twenty-five cents a day is probably the outside limit of what the great majority of men spend on their luncheons.
what a man needs and so seldom gets for that sum is good, wholesome, appetizing food, quickly served.
he wants to eat in a place which is quiet and not too bare and ugly.
he wants to buy real food and not table decorations.
he is willing to dispense with elaborate service and its accompanying tip, if he can get more food of better quality.
that's the goal of the naturalization bureau of the united states department of labor, as expressed by raymond p. crist, deputy commissioner, in charge of the americanization program.
if any farmer anywhere in the united states will look up the fire insurance policy on his farm building, and will read it carefully, in nine cases out of ten, he will find tucked away somewhere therein a clause exactly like the one quoted above, or practically in the same words.
every question is like a riddle; we are never satisfied until we know the answer.
so a question put to us at the beginning of an article piques our curiosity, and we are not content until we find out how the writer answers it.
instead of a single question, several may be asked in succession.
these questions may deal with different phases of the subject or may repeat the first question in other words.
it is frequently desirable to break up a long question into a number of short ones to enable the rapid reader to grasp the idea more easily.
greater prominence may be gained for each question by giving it a separate paragraph.
rhetorical questions, although the equivalent of affirmative or negative statements, nevertheless retain enough of their interrogative effect to be used advantageously for the beginning of an article.
the indirect question naturally lacks the force of the direct one, but it may be employed when a less striking form of beginning is desired.
several indirect questions may be included in the initial sentence of an article.
this region is the veritable bread basket of our country; but in spite of the fact that we have an average rainfall of about thirty-six inches, lack of moisture, more frequently than any other condition, becomes a limiting factor in crop production.
the question as to what becomes of the rainfall, therefore, is of considerable interest in this great agricultural center of north america, where we do well if we average twenty-five bushels to the acre.
can fickle nature be offset and crops be brought to maturity upon schedule time?
these are questions that a farmer near bridgeton, n.j., has answered in the most practical manner imaginable.
do normal school and university graduates continue teaching long enough to make adequate return for the money invested in their training?
carlson devised a method of ascertaining exactly the nature of hunger by measuring and comparing the degrees of this sensation, have investigators along this line of scientific research been able to reach any definite conclusion.
perhaps you are one of those sound strong persons absolutely assured of perfect health.
here are the findings: sixty-three were absolutely sound.
what department is showing a profit?
not one farmer in ten does know and it is all because not one in ten has any accounts apart from his bankbook so he can tell at the end of the year whether he has kept the farm or the farm has kept him.
have you felt that your physician's advice to spend at least three-quarters of an hour at lunch was good advice for somebody else, but that you had neither time nor inclination for it?
do you know what it is to lie awake at night and plan your campaign for the following day?
because that's the way we see them on parade.
a march is simply the means of getting so many men from one place to another in the quickest time and in the best possible condition.
and it may astonish one to be told that marching is the principal occupation of troops in the field--that it is one of the hardest things for troops to learn to do properly, and that it is one of the chief causes of loss.
a direct personal appeal makes a good opening for an article.
the writer seems to be talking to each reader individually instead of merely writing for thousands.
the imperative verb is perhaps the strongest form of direct address.
if you 're thinking of trying to dodge the selective draft by pretending physical disability when you get before the local exemption board, here's a bit of advice: don't.
since you are mr. would-be-slacker there is no use preaching patriotism to you.
but here is something that will influence you: if you try to dodge the draft and are caught, there is a heavy penalty, both fine and imprisonment; and you're almost sure to get caught.
you come over the big hill pike until you reach west pinnacle.
it was from the peak of west pinnacle that daniel boone first looked out over the blue grass region of kentucky.
you all know the grocer who has changed from one store to another and another, and who finally turns up as a collector for your milkman.
you all know the hard working milliner and, perhaps, have followed her career until she was lost to sight amid sickness and distress.
you all have friends among stationers and newsdealers.
you have seen them labor day in and day out, from early morning until late at night; and have observed with sorrow the small fruits of their many years of toil.
gone as you look at the tiny hand, isn't it?
yet within that one second it is possible to print, cut, fold and stack sixteen and two-thirds newspapers!
watch the second hand make one revolution--a minute.
within that minute it is possible to print, cut, fold and stack in neat piles one thousand big newspapers!
style, or the manner in which ideas and emotions are expressed, is as important in special feature writing as it is in any other kind of literary work.
a writer may select an excellent subject, may formulate a definite purpose, and may choose the type of article best suited to his needs, but if he is unable to express his thoughts effectively, his article will be a failure.
style is not to be regarded as mere ornament added to ordinary forms of expression.
it is not an incidental element, but rather the fundamental part of all literary composition, the means by which a writer transfers what is in his own mind to the minds of his readers.
it is a vehicle for conveying ideas and emotions.
the more easily, accurately, and completely the reader gets the author's thoughts and feelings, the better is the style.
the style of an article needs to be adapted both to the readers and to the subject.
an article for a boys' magazine would be written in a style different from that of a story on the same subject intended for a sunday newspaper.
the style appropriate to an entertaining story on odd superstitions of business men would be unsuitable for a popular exposition of wireless telephony.
in a word, the style of a special article demands as careful consideration as does its subject, purpose, and structure.
since it may be assumed that any one who aspires to write for newspapers and magazines has a general knowledge of the principles of composition and of the elements and qualities of style, only such points of style as are important in special feature writing will be discussed in this chapter.
the kinds of words, figures, sentences, and paragraphs used, and the way in which they are combined, determine the style.
the rapid reader cannot stop to refer to the dictionary for words that he does not know.
although the special feature writer is limited to terms familiar to the average reader, he need not confine himself to commonplace, colloquial diction; most readers know the meaning of many more words than they themselves use in everyday conversation.
in treating technical topics, it is often necessary to employ some unfamiliar terms, but these may readily be explained the first time they appear.
whenever the writer is in doubt as to whether or not his readers will understand a certain term, the safest course is to explain it or to substitute one that is sure to be understood.
since most persons grasp concrete ideas more quickly than abstract ones, specific words should be given the preference in popular articles.
to create concrete images must be the writer's constant aim.
in narrative and descriptive writing particularly, it is necessary to use words that make pictures and that reproduce sounds and other sense impressions.
in the effort to make his diction specific, however, the writer must guard against bizarre effects and an excessive use of adjectives and adverbs.
verbs, quite as much as nouns, adjectives, and adverbs, produce clear, vivid images when skillfully handled.
some words carry with them associated ideas and emotions, while others do not.
the feelings and ideas thus associated with words constitute their emotional and intellectual connotation, as distinct from their logical meaning, or denotation.
such a word is said to have a rich emotional connotation because it arouses strong feeling.
it also has a rich intellectual connotation since it calls up many associated images.
words and phrases that are peculiar to the bible or to the church service carry with them mental images and emotions connected with religious worship.
in a personality sketch of a spiritual leader, for example, such words and phrases would be particularly effective to create the atmosphere with which such a man might very appropriately be invested.
since homely, colloquial expressions have entirely different associations, they would be entirely out of keeping with the tone of such a sketch, unless the religious leader were an unconventional revivalist.
a single word with the wrong connotation may seriously affect the tone of a paragraph.
on the other hand, words and phrases rich in appropriate suggestion heighten immeasurably the effectiveness of an article.
the value of concrete words is shown in the following paragraphs taken from a newspaper article describing a gas attack: there was a faint green vapor, which swayed and hung under the lee of the raised parapet two hundred yards away.
it increased in volume, and at last rose high enough to be caught by the wind.
it strayed out in tattered yellowish streamers toward the english lines, half dissipating itself in twenty yards, until the steady outpour of the green smoke gave it reinforcement and it made headway.
then, creeping forward from tuft to tuft, and preceded by an acrid and parching whiff, the curling and tumbling vapor reached the english lines in a wall twenty feet high.
as the grayish cloud drifted over the parapet, there was a stifled call from some dozen men who had carelessly let their protectors drop.
a breath of it was like a wolf at the throat, like hot ashes in the windpipe.
the yellowish waves of gas became more greenish in color as fresh volumes poured out continually from the squat iron cylinders which had now been raised and placed outside the trenches by the germans.
the translucent flood flowed over the parapet, linking at once on the inner side and forming vague, gauzy pools and backwaters, in which men stood knee deep while the lighter gas was blown in their faces over the parapet.
so long as you prefer abstract words, which express other men's summarized concepts of things, to concrete ones which lie as near as can be reached to things themselves and are the first-hand material for your thoughts, you will remain, at the best, writers at second-hand.
if your language be jargon, your intellect, if not your whole character, will almost certainly correspond.
where your mind should go straight, it will dodge; the difficulties it should approach with a fair front and grip with a firm hand it will be seeking to evade or circumvent.
figures of speech are too often regarded as ornaments suited only to poetry or poetical prose.
with these popular notions in mind, a writer for newspapers and magazines may quite naturally conclude that figurative expressions have little or no practical value in his work.
figures of speech, however, are great aids, not only to clearness and conciseness, but to the vividness of an article.
they assist the reader to grasp ideas quickly and they stimulate his imagination and his emotions.
association of ideas is the principle underlying figurative expressions.
by a figure of speech a writer shows his readers the relation between a new idea and one already familiar to them.
an unfamiliar object, for example, is likened to a familiar one, directly, as in the simile, or by implication, as in the metaphor.
as the object brought into relation with the new idea is more familiar and more concrete, the effect of the figure is to simplify the subject that is being explained, and to make it more easy of comprehension.
a figure of speech makes both for conciseness and for economy of mental effort on the part of the reader.
scores of words may be saved, and clearer, more vivid impressions may be given, by the judicious use of figures of speech.
as the familiar, concrete objects introduced in figures frequently have associated emotions, figurative expressions often make an emotional appeal.
the result is that readers are inclined to feel toward the person so described as they feel toward lincoln.
even in practical articles, figurative diction may not be amiss.
the stimulating effect of a paragraph abounding in figurative expressions is well illustrated by the following passage taken from a newspaper personality sketch of a popular pulpit orator: his mind is all daylight.
there are no subtle half-tones, or sensitive reserves, or significant shadows of silence, no landscape fading through purple mists to a romantic distance.
there is little atmosphere and a lack of that humor that softens the contours of controversy.
his thought is simple and direct and makes its appeal, not to culture, but to the primitive emotions.
* * * * his strenuousness is a battle-cry to the crowd.
he keeps his passion white hot; his body works like a windmill in a hurricane; his eyes flash lightnings; he seizes the enemy, as it were, by the throat, pommels him with breathless blows, and throws him aside a miserable wreck.
for rapid reading the prime requisite of a good sentence is that its grammatical structure shall be evident; in other words, that the reader shall be able at a glance to see the relation of its parts.
involved sentences that require a second perusal before they yield their meaning, are clearly not adapted to the newspaper or magazine.
short sentences and those of medium length are, as a rule, more easily grasped than long ones, but for rapid reading the structure of the sentence, rather than its length, is the chief consideration.
absolute clearness is of paramount importance.
in hurried reading the eye is caught by the first group of words at the beginning of a sentence.
these words make more of an impression on the reader's mind than do those in the middle or at the end of the sentence.
in all journalistic writing, therefore, the position of greatest emphasis is the beginning.
it is there that the most significant idea should be placed.
such an arrangement does not mean that the sentence need trail off loosely in a series of phrases and clauses.
firmness of structure can and should be maintained even though the strongest emphasis is at the beginning.
in revising his article a writer often finds that he may greatly increase the effectiveness of his sentences by so rearranging the parts as to bring the important ideas close to the beginning.
each of these types of sentence has its own peculiar advantages.
the short sentence, because it is easily apprehended, is more emphatic than a longer one.
used in combination with medium and long sentences it gains prominence by contrast.
it makes an emphatic beginning and a strong conclusion for a paragraph.
in contrast with longer statements, it also serves as a convenient transition sentence.
the sentence of medium length lends itself readily to the expression of the average thought; but when used continuously it gives to the style a monotony of rhythm that soon becomes tiresome.
the long sentence is convenient for grouping details that are closely connected.
in contrast with the rapid, emphatic short sentence, it moves slowly and deliberately, and so is well adapted to the expression of dignified and impressive thoughts.
to prevent monotony, variety of sentence length is desirable.
writers who unconsciously tend to use sentences of about the same length and of the same construction, need to beware of this uniformity.
the skillful use of single short sentences, of series of short sentences, of medium, and of long sentences, to give variety, to express thoughts effectively, and to produce harmony between the movement of the style and the ideas advanced, is well illustrated in the selection below.
when i think of the kaiser i think of a bright may morning at potsdam.
it is the spring parade, and across from where we are gathered under the windows of the old palace the household troops are drawn up on the great parade ground, their helmets and banners and lances all astir in the jolly sunshine.
officers gallop hither and thither shouting commands.
swords flash out and flash back again.
a noble background of trees frames the gay picture with cool green foliage.
the closely serried ranks are rigid and moveless.
he comes slowly up the parade ground on his white charger, helmet and eagle flashing in the sunshine, sitting his horse as if he lived in the saddle, his face turned to his men as he passes by.
his salutation rings out at intervals in the clear morning air.
for answer, let us look at this challenging figure on the white charger.
the transition between the introduction and the body of the sketch is accomplished by the last paragraph consisting of three short sentences, in marked contrast with the climactic effect with which the description closed.
the paragraph is a device that aids a writer to convey to readers his thoughts combined in the same groups in which they are arranged in his own mind.
since a small group of thoughts is more easily grasped than a large one, paragraphs in journalistic writing are usually considerably shorter than those of ordinary english prose.
in the narrow newspaper column, there is room for only five or six words to a line.
such paragraphs seem heavy and uninviting.
moreover, the casual reader cannot readily comprehend and combine the various thoughts in so large a group of sentences.
although there is no standard column width for magazines, the number of words in a line does not usually exceed eight.
as such a paragraph contains not more than four or five sentences, the general reading public has little difficulty in comprehending it.
the beginning of the paragraph, like the beginning of the sentence, is the part that catches the eye.
significant ideas that need to be impressed upon the mind of the reader belong at the beginning.
if his attention is arrested and held by the first group of words, he is likely to read on.
an emphatic beginning for a paragraph will insure attention for its contents.
it is seldom that the first draft of an article cannot be improved by a careful revision.
in going over his work, word by word and sentence by sentence, the writer will generally find many opportunities to increase the effectiveness of the structure and the style.
such revision, moreover, need not destroy the ease and naturalness of expression.
the effectiveness of the expression may often be strengthened by the addition of specific, picture-making, imitative, and connotative words, as well as of figures of speech that clarify the ideas and stimulate the imagination.
finally, revision should eliminate all errors in grammar, spelling, punctuation, and capitalization.
every minute spent in improving an article adds greatly to its chances of being accepted.
headlines or titles, illustrations, and names of authors are the three things that first catch the eye of the reader as he turns over the pages of a newspaper or magazine.
when the writer's name is unknown to him, only the illustrations and the heading remain to attract his attention.
just as the striking heads on the front page of a newspaper increase its sales, so, also, attractive titles on the cover of a magazine lead people to buy it, and so, too, a good headline in an advertisement arouses interest in what the advertiser is trying to sell.
a good title adds greatly to the attractiveness of an article.
in the first place, the title is the one thing that catches the eye of the editor or manuscript reader, as he glances over the copy, and if the title is good, he carries over this favorable impression to the first page or two of the article itself.
to secure such favorable consideration for a manuscript among the hundreds that are examined in editorial offices, is no slight advantage.
in the second place, what is true of the editor and the manuscript is equally true of the reader and the printed article.
no writer can afford to neglect his titles.
some magazine sections of newspapers have the full-size page of the regular edition; others have pages only half as large.
some newspapers use large eight-column display heads on their special articles, while others confine their headlines for feature stories to a column or two.
this variety in newspapers is matched by that in magazines.
despite these differences, however, there are a few general principles that apply to all kinds of titles and headlines for special feature articles.
the attractiveness of a title is measured by its power to arrest attention and to lead to a reading of the article.
as a statement of the subject, the title makes essentially the same appeal that the subject itself does; that is, it may interest the reader because the idea it expresses has timeliness, novelty, elements of mystery or romance, human interest, relation to the reader's life and success, or connection with familiar or prominent persons or things.
not only the idea expressed, but the way in which it is expressed, may catch the eye.
by a figurative, paradoxical, or interrogative form, the title may pique curiosity.
by alliteration, balance, or rhyme, it may please the ear.
it permits the reader to taste, in order to whet his appetite.
it creates desires that only the article can satisfy.
in an effort to make his titles attractive, a writer must beware of sensationalism and exaggeration.
the lurid news headline on the front page of sensational papers has its counterpart in the equally sensational title in the sunday magazine section.
all that has been said concerning unwholesome subject-matter for special feature stories applies to sensational titles.
so, too, exaggerated, misleading headlines on news and advertisements are matched by exaggerated, misleading titles on special articles.
to state more than the facts warrant, to promise more than can be given, to arouse expectations that cannot be satisfied--all are departures from truth and honesty.
accuracy in titles involves, not merely avoidance of exaggerated and misleading statement, but complete harmony in tone and spirit between title and article.
when the story is familiar and colloquial in style, the title should reflect that informality.
when the article makes a serious appeal, the title should be dignified.
a good title, in a word, is true to the spirit as well as to the letter.
conciseness in titles is imposed on the writer by the physical limitations of type and page.
because the width of the column and of the page is fixed, and because type is not made of rubber, a headline must be built to fit the place it is to fill.
although in framing titles for articles it is not always necessary to conform to the strict requirements as to letters and spaces that limit the building of news headlines, it is nevertheless important to keep within bounds.
a study of a large number of titles will show that they seldom contain more than three or four important words with the necessary connectives and particles.
short words, moreover, are preferred to long ones.
by analyzing the titles in the publication to which he plans to send his article, a writer can frame his title to meet its typographical requirements.
the reader's limited power of rapid comprehension is another reason for brevity.
a short title consisting of a small group of words yields its meaning at a glance.
unless the reader catches the idea in the title quickly, he is likely to pass on to something else.
here again short words have an advantage over long ones.
concreteness in titles makes for rapid comprehension and interest.
clean-cut mental images are called up by specific words; vague ones usually result from general, abstract terms.
clear mental pictures are more interesting than vague impressions.
sub-titles are often used to supplement and amplify the titles.
their purpose is to give additional information, to arouse greater interest, and to assist in carrying the reader over, as it were, to the beginning of the article.
since sub-titles follow immediately after the title, any repetition of important words is usually avoided.
it is desirable to maintain the same tone in both title and sub-title.
occasionally the two together make a continuous statement.
the length of the sub-title is generally about twice that of the title; that is, the average sub-title consists of from ten to twelve words, including articles and connectives.
attempts to classify all kinds of headlines and titles involve difficulties similar to those already encountered in the effort to classify all types of beginnings.
nevertheless, a separation of titles into fairly distinct, if not mutually exclusive, groups may prove helpful to inexperienced writers.
the label title is a simple, direct statement of the subject.
it has only as much interest and attractiveness as the subject itself possesses.
the sub-title may be another question or an affirmation, but should not attempt to answer the question.
would you rather work for a man or for a machine?
the attractiveness of titles may be heightened by such combinations of sounds as alliteration and rhyme, or by rhythm such as is produced by balanced elements.
the application of the general principles governing titles may best be shown by means of an article for which a title is desired.
a writer, for example, has prepared a popular article on soil analysis as a means of determining what chemical elements different kinds of farm land need to be most productive.
the analysis of soil not unnaturally suggests the diagnosis of human disease; and the remedying of worn-out, run-down farm land by applying such chemicals as phosphorus and lime, is analogous to the physician's prescription of tonics for a run-down, anmic person.
after an article has been carefully revised, it is ready to be copied in the form in which it will be submitted to editors.
because hundreds of contributions are examined every day in editorial offices of large publications, manuscripts should be submitted in such form that their merits can be ascertained as easily and as quickly as possible.
a neatly and carefully prepared manuscript is likely to receive more favorable consideration than a badly typed one.
the impression produced by the external appearance of a manuscript as it comes to an editor's table is comparable to that made by the personal appearance of an applicant for a position as he enters an office seeking employment.
in copying his article, therefore, a writer should keep in mind the impression that it will make in the editorial office.
editors expect all manuscripts to be submitted in typewritten form.
every person who aspires to write for publication should learn to use a typewriter.
until he has learned to type his work accurately, he must have a good typist copy it for him.
a good typewriter with clean type and a fresh, black, non-copying ribbon produces the best results.
a high grade of paper not only gives the manuscript a good appearance but stands more handling and saves the recopying of returned manuscripts.
a carbon copy should be made of every manuscript so that, if the original copy goes astray in the mail or in an editorial office, the writer's work will not have been in vain.
the carbon copy can also be used later for comparison with the printed article.
such a comparison will show the writer the amount and character of the editing that was deemed necessary to adapt the material to the publication in which it appears.
a cover sheet of the same paper is a convenient device.
it not only gives the editorial reader some information in regard to the article, but it protects the manuscript itself.
frequently, for purposes of record, manuscripts are stamped or marked in editorial offices, but if a cover page is attached, the manuscript itself is not defaced.
when an article is returned, the writer needs to recopy only the cover page before starting the manuscript on its next journey.
the upper half of the first page of the manuscript should be left blank, so that the editor may write a new title and sub-title if he is not satisfied with those supplied by the author.
the title, the sub-title, and the author's name should be repeated at the beginning of the article in the middle of the first page, even though they have been given on the cover page.
at the left-hand side, close to the top of each page after the first, should be placed the writer's last name followed by a dash and the title of the article, thus: milton--confessions of a freshman.
the pages should be numbered in the upper right-hand corner.
by these simple means the danger of losing a page in the editorial offices is reduced to a minimum.
this article is based on the writer's own experience in a large middle western state university, and the statistics have been obtained from the registrars of four state universities.
every newspaper and magazine has its own distinct typographical style in capitalization, abbreviation, punctuation, hyphenation, and the use of numerical figures.
some newspapers and periodicals have a style book giving rules for the preparation and editing of copy.
a careful reading of several issues of a publication will show a writer the salient features of its typographical style.
printers prefer to have each page end with a complete sentence.
at the close of the article it is well to put the end mark (#).
when a special feature story for newspaper publication must be prepared so hastily that there is no time to copy the first draft, it may be desirable to revise the manuscript by using the marks commonly employed in editing copy.
these are as follows: american three short lines under a letter or a = word indicate that it is to be set in - capital letters; thus, american.
he is a /sophomore an oblique line drawn from right to left through a capital letter indicates that it is to be set in lower case; thus, he is a sophomore.
a circle around words or figures ----------- ------- spelled out indicates that they are to be abbreviated or that numerical figures are to be used; thus, prof. a.b.
to[=()]morrow half circles connecting words or letters indicate that they are to be brought together; thus, tomorrow.
all/right a vertical line between parts of a word shows that the parts are to be separated; thus, all right.
in half circles to indicate whether they are beginning or end marks.
since manuscripts are written matter, they must be sent sealed as first-class mail at letter rates of postage.
for the return of rejected articles stamps may be attached to the cover page by means of a clip, or a self-addressed envelope with stamps affixed may be enclosed.
the writer's name and address should always be given on the envelope in which the manuscript is sent to the publishers.
if a writer knows an editor personally or has had correspondence with him in regard to a particular article, it may be desirable to send the manuscript to him personally.
an accompanying letter is not necessary, for the cover page of the manuscript gives the editor and his assistants all the information that they need.
articles consisting of only a few pages may be folded twice and mailed in a long envelope; bulkier manuscripts should be folded once and sent in a manila manuscript envelope.
in order to handle hundreds of manuscripts as expeditiously as possible, most large editorial offices have worked out systems that, though differing slightly, are essentially the same.
when a manuscript is received, a record is made of it on a card or in a book, with the name and address of the author, the title and character of the contribution, and the time of its receipt.
the same data are entered on a blank that is attached to the manuscript by a clip.
on this blank are left spaces for comments by each of the editorial assistants who read and pass upon the article.
after these records have been made, the manuscript is given to the first editorial reader.
he can determine by glancing at the first page or two whether or not the article is worth further consideration.
of the thousands of contributions of all kinds submitted, a considerable proportion are not in the least adapted to the periodical to which they have been sent.
the first reader, accordingly, is scarcely more than a skilled sorter who separates the possible from the impossible.
all manuscripts that are clearly unacceptable are turned over to a clerk to be returned with a rejection slip.
when an article appears to have merit, the first reader looks over it a second time and adds a brief comment, which he signs with his initials.
the manuscript is then read and commented on by other editorial readers before it reaches the assistant editor.
the best of the contributions are submitted to the editor for a final decision.
by such a system every meritorious contribution is considered carefully by several critics before it is finally accepted or rejected.
moreover, the editor and the assistant editor have before them the comments of several readers with which to compare their own impressions.
in newspaper offices manuscripts are usually sorted by the assistant sunday editor, or assistant magazine editor, and are finally accepted or rejected by the sunday or magazine editor.
in rejecting contributions, editorial offices follow various methods.
the commonest one is to send the author a printed slip expressing regret that the manuscript is not acceptable and encouraging him to submit something else.
some ingenious editors have prepared a number of form letters to explain to contributors the various reasons why their manuscripts are unacceptable.
the editorial assistant who rejects an unsuitable article indicates by number which of these form letters is to be sent to the author.
a few editors send a personal letter to every contributor.
sometimes an editor in rejecting a contribution will suggest some publication to which it might be acceptable.
if a manuscript has merit but is not entirely satisfactory, he may suggest that it be revised and submitted to him again.
every writer who intends to carry on his work in a systematic manner should keep a manuscript record, to assist him in marketing his articles to the best advantage.
either a book or a card index may be used.
it is important for a writer to know how soon he may expect a decision on his contributions.
if he has prepared an article that depends on timeliness for its interest, he cannot afford to send it to an editor who normally takes three or four weeks to make a decision.
another publication to which his article is equally well adapted, he may find from his manuscript record, accepts or rejects contributions within a week or ten days.
naturally he will send his timely article to the publication that makes the quickest decision.
if that publication rejects it, he will still have time enough to try it elsewhere.
his experience with different editors, as recorded in his manuscript record, often assists him materially in placing his work to the best advantage.
the rate and the time of payment for contributions are also worth recording.
when an article is equally well suited to two or more periodicals, a writer will naturally be inclined to send it first to the publication that pays the highest price and that pays on acceptance.
a manuscript record also indicates where each one of a writer's articles is at a given moment, and by what publications it has been rejected.
for such data he cannot afford to trust his memory.
a writer may purchase a manuscript record book or may prepare his own book or card index.
at the top of each page or card is placed the title of the article, followed by the number of words that it contains, the number of illustrations that accompany it, and the date on which it was completed.
contributions accepted for publication are paid for at the time of their acceptance, at the time of their publication, or at some fixed date in the month following their acceptance or publication.
nearly all well-established periodicals pay for articles when they are accepted.
some publications do not pay until the article is printed, a method obviously less satisfactory to a writer than prompt payment, since he may have to wait a year or more for his money.
newspapers pay either on acceptance or before the tenth day of the month following publication.
the latter arrangement grows out of the practice of paying correspondents between the first and the tenth of each month for the work of the preceding month.
after a manuscript has been accepted, a writer usually has no further responsibility concerning it.
some magazines submit galley proofs to the author for correction and for any changes that he cares to make.
it is desirable to make as few alterations as possible to avoid the delay and expense of resetting the type.
corrected proofs should be returned promptly.
unless specific stipulations are made to the contrary by the author, an article on being accepted by a periodical becomes its property and cannot be republished without its consent.
usually an editor will grant an author permission to reprint an article in book or pamphlet form.
by copyrighting each issue, as most magazines and some newspapers do, the publishers establish fully their rights to an author's work.
by sending copies of his articles to a number of newspapers for simultaneous publication, a writer of special feature stories for newspapers may add to his earnings.
it is made possible by the fact that the circulation of newspapers is largely local.
since, for example, chicago papers are not read in new york, or minneapolis papers in st. louis, these papers may well publish the same articles on the same day.
organized newspaper syndicates furnish many papers with reading matter of all kinds.
the same article must not, however, be sent to more than one magazine, but a single subject may be used for two entirely different articles intended for two magazines.
if two articles are written on the same subject, different pictures should be secured, so that it will not be necessary to send copies of the same illustrations to two magazines.
agricultural journals with a distinctly sectional circulation do not object to using syndicated articles, provided that the journals to which the article is sent do not circulate in the same territory.
if a writer desires to syndicate his work, he must conform to several requirements.
first, he must make as many good copies as he intends to send out and must secure separate sets of photographs to accompany each one.
second, he must indicate clearly on each copy the fact that he is syndicating the article and that he is sending it to only one paper in a city.
third, he must send out the copies sufficiently far in advance of the release date to enable all of the papers to arrange for the publication of the article on that day.
for papers with magazine sections that are made up a week or more before the day of publication, articles should be in the office of the editor at least two weeks before the release date.
for papers that make up their sunday issues only a few days in advance, articles need be submitted only a week before the publication day.
the syndicates that supply newspapers with various kinds of material, including special feature stories, are operated on the same principle that governs the syndicating of articles by the writer himself.
that is, they furnish their features to a number of different papers for simultaneous publication.
since, however, they sell the same material to many papers, they can afford to do so at a comparatively low price and still make a fair profit.
to protect their literary property, they often copyright their features, and a line of print announcing this fact is often the only indication in a newspaper that the matter was furnished by a syndicate.
among the best-known newspaper syndicates are the newspaper enterprise association, cleveland, ohio; the mcclure newspaper syndicate, new york; and the newspaper feature service, new york.
a writer may submit his special feature stories to one of the newspaper syndicates just as he would send it to a newspaper or magazine.
these organizations usually pay well for acceptable manuscripts.
it is not as easy, however, to discover the needs and general policy of each syndicate as it is those of papers and magazines, because frequently there is no means of identifying their articles when they are printed in newspapers.
the perfecting of photo-engraving processes for making illustrations has been one of the most important factors in the development of popular magazines and of magazine sections of newspapers, for good pictures have contributed largely to their success.
with the advent of the half-tone process a generation ago, and with the more recent application of the rotogravure process to periodical publications, comparatively cheap and rapid methods of illustration were provided.
newspapers and magazines have made extensive use of both these processes.
the chief value of illustrations for special articles lies in the fact that they present graphically what would require hundreds of words to describe.
ideas expressed in pictures can be grasped much more readily than ideas expressed in words.
as an aid to rapid reading illustrations are unexcelled.
in fact, so effective are pictures as a means of conveying facts that whole sections of magazines and sunday newspapers are given over to them exclusively.
illustrations constitute a particularly valuable adjunct to special articles.
good reproductions of photographs printed in connection with the articles assist readers to visualize and to understand what a writer is undertaking to explain.
so fully do editors realize the great attractiveness of illustrations, that they will buy articles accompanied by satisfactory photographs more readily than they will those without illustrations.
excellent photographs will sometimes sell mediocre articles, and meritorious articles may even be rejected because they lack good illustrations.
in preparing his special feature stories, a writer will do well to consider carefully the number and character of the illustrations necessary to give his work the strongest possible appeal.
inexperienced writers are often at a loss to know how to secure good photographs.
professional photographers will, as a rule, produce the best results, but amateur writers often hesitate to incur the expense involved, especially when they feel uncertain about selling their articles.
if prints can be obtained from negatives that photographers have taken for other purposes, the cost is so small that a writer can afford to risk the expenditure.
money spent for good photographs is usually money well spent.
every writer of special articles should become adept in the use of a camera.
with a little study and practice, any one can take photographs that will reproduce well for illustrations.
one advantage to a writer of operating his own camera is that he can take pictures on the spur of the moment when he happens to see just what he needs.
unconventional pictures caught at the right instant often make the best illustrations.
the charges for developing films and for making prints and enlargements are now so reasonable that a writer need not master these technicalities in order to use a camera of his own.
if he has time and interest, however, he may secure the desired results more nearly by developing and printing his own pictures.
satisfactory pictures can be obtained with almost any camera, but one with a high-grade lens and shutter is the best for all kinds of work.
a pocket camera so equipped is very convenient.
despite its greater weight and bulk, as compared with pocket cameras, it has the advantage of showing the picture full size, right side up, on the top of the camera, until the very moment that the button is pressed.
these reflex cameras are equipped with the fastest types of lens and shutter, and thus are particularly well adapted to poorly lighted and rapidly moving objects.
a tripod should be used whenever possible.
a hastily taken snap shot often proves unsatisfactory, whereas, if the camera had rested on a tripod, and if a slightly longer exposure had been given, a good negative would doubtless have resulted.
all photographs intended for reproduction by the half-tone or the rotogravure process should conform to certain requirements.
prints may be mounted or unmounted; unmounted ones cost less and require less postage, but are more easily broken in handling.
third: objects in the photograph should be clear and well defined; this requires a sharp negative.
for newspaper illustrations it is desirable to have prints with a stronger contrast between the dark and the light parts of the picture than is necessary for the finer half-tones and rotogravures used in magazines.
fourth: photographs must have life and action.
it is necessary, therefore, to have at least one person in every photograph.
good snap-shots of persons in characteristic surroundings are always preferable to cabinet photographs.
unless a photograph has illustrative value it fails to accomplish the purpose for which it is intended.
on the back of a photograph intended for reproduction the author should write or type a brief explanation of what it represents.
if his caption is unsatisfactory, the editor will have to write one based on the writer's explanation.
a clever caption adds much to the attractiveness of an illustration.
a caption should not be a mere label, but, like a photograph, should have life and action.
it either should contain a verb of action or should imply one.
in this and other respects, it is not unlike the newspaper headline.
this is doubtless due to two causes: the increasing use of illustrations unaccompanied by any text except the caption, and the effort to attract the casual reader by giving him a taste, as it were, of what the article contains.
diagrams, working drawings, floor plans, maps, or pen-and-ink sketches are necessary to illustrate some articles.
articles of practical guidance often need diagrams.
trade papers like to have their articles illustrated with reproductions of record sheets and blanks designed to develop greater efficiency in office or store management.
if a writer has a little skill in drawing, he may prepare in rough form the material that he considers desirable for illustration, leaving to the artists employed by the publication the work of making drawings suitable for reproduction.
a writer who has had training in pen-and-ink drawing may prepare his own illustrations.
such drawings should be made on bristol board with black drawing ink, and should be drawn two or three times as large as they are intended to appear when printed.
if record sheets are to be used for illustration, the ruling should be done with black drawing ink, and the figures and other data should be written in with the same kind of ink.
typewriting on blanks intended for reproduction should be done with a fresh record black ribbon.
captions are necessary on the back of drawings as well as on photographs.
only very large photographs or long, narrow panoramic ones should be rolled and mailed in a heavy cardboard tube, separate from the manuscript.
the writer's name and address, as well as the title of the article to be illustrated, should be written on the back of every photograph and drawing.
as photographs and drawings are not ordinarily returned when they are used with an article that is accepted, writers should not promise to return such material to the persons from whom they secure it.
copies can almost always be made from the originals when persons furnishing writers with photographs and drawings desire to have the originals kept in good condition.
what appears to have suggested the subject to the writer?
how much of the article was based on his personal experience?
how much of it was based on his personal observations?
was any of the material obtained from newspapers or periodicals?
what portions of the article were evidently obtained by interviews?
what reports, documents, technical periodicals, and books of reference were used as sources in preparing the article?
does the article suggest to you some sources from which you might obtain material for your own articles?
is there any evidence that the article was timely when it was published?
is the article of general or of local interest?
does it seem to be particularly well adapted to the readers of the publication in which it was printed?
what, for the average reader, is the source of interest in the article?
is the subject so presented that the average reader is led to see its application to himself and to his own affairs?
could an article on the same subject, or on a similar one, be written for a newspaper in your section of the country?
what possible subjects does the article suggest to you?
did the writer aim to entertain, to inform, or to give practical guidance?
does the writer seem to have had a definitely formulated purpose?
how would you state this apparent purpose in one sentence?
does the article contain any material that seems unnecessary to the accomplishment of the purpose?
to which type does this article conform?
is there any other type better adapted to the subject and material?
how far did the character of the subject determine the methods of treatment?
what other methods might have been used to advantage in presenting this subject?
is the article predominantly narrative, descriptive, or expository?
to what extent are narration and description used for expository purposes?
are concrete examples and specific instances employed effectively?
by what means are the narrative passages made interesting?
do the descriptive parts of the article portray the impressions vividly?
what main topics are taken up in the article?
could any parts of the article be omitted without serious loss?
could the parts be rearranged with gain in clearness, interest, or progress?
does the article march on steadily from beginning to end?
is the material so arranged that the average reader will reach the conclusion that the writer intended to have him reach?
is there variety in the methods of presentation?
is the length of the article proportionate to the subject?
is the type of beginning well adapted to the subject and the material?
would the beginning attract the attention and hold the interest of the average reader?
is the beginning an integral part of the article?
is the length of the beginning proportionate to the length of the whole article?
is the beginning skillfully connected with the body of the article?
is the diction literary or colloquial, specific or general, original or trite, connotative or denotative?
do the sentences yield their meaning easily when read rapidly?
is there variety in sentence length and structure?
are important ideas placed at the beginning of sentences?
do the paragraphs begin with important ideas?
is there variety in paragraph beginnings?
do the words, figures of speech, sentences, and paragraphs in this article suggest to you possible means of improving your own style?
is the title attractive, accurate, concise, and concrete?
what is the character of the sub-title, and what relation does it bear to the title?
a shock-headed youngster pushed his way to the platform where mrs. mary c. cronan, professional story teller, stood smiling and wistfully looked up at her.
whadd'ye think the man wanted to paint the picture for if there wasn't a dragon?
steering a narrow course between fiction and truth, mrs. cronan told her class that she thought there certainly must have been a dragon or the picture wouldn't have been painted.
it was at one of the regular morning story hours at the museum of fine arts, a department opened three years ago at the museum by mrs. cronan and mrs. laura scales, a department which has become so popular that now hundreds of children a week are entertained, children from the public playgrounds and from the settlement houses.
for the most part the story of st. george and the dragon was a new thing to these children.
they might stand for st. george, although his costume was a little out of the regular form at jamaica plain, but the dragon was another thing.
but the wistful little boy kept insisting that there must be such an animal or mrs. cronan wouldn't say so.
later they will bring their fathers and mothers on sunday and you might hear them explaining the pictures upstairs as if they were the docents of the museum.
the idea of the story hour was broached several years ago and at first it was taken up as an experiment.
stereopticon slides were made of several of the more famous pictures in the museum, and mrs. cronan, who was at the time achieving a well earned success at the public library, was asked to take charge of the story telling.
following the stories they are taken through the halls of the museum and are given short talks on some art subject.
one day it may be some interesting thing on thibetan amulets, or on tapestries or on some picture, stuart's washington or turner's slave ship, or a colorful canvas of claude monet.
and although some of them, of course, can't get the idea quite all at once, most of these children will have a soft spot hereafter for donatello's st.
at least some of them were not forgetting it, for as they filed out the wistful little boy was still talking about it.
that's all right, but you never went over to the 'quarium.
but the smallest boy of all, who had hold of miss hayes's hand and who had been an interested listener to all this, branched out mentally into other and further fields.
if ever there was a vocation that seemed specially adapted to many women, gardening would at first glance be the one.
down to the busy city woman who to-day takes her recreation by digging in her flowerbeds, gardens have seemed a natural habitat for womankind, and garden activities have belonged to her by right.
in various parts of the country there have now been established schools where young women may learn the ways of trees and shrubs, vegetables and flowers, and may do experimental work among the growing things themselves.
some of these schools are merely adjuncts of the state agricultural colleges, with more or less limited courses of instruction; but, just out of philadelphia, there is a school, to which women only are admitted, that is located on a real farm, and covers a wide range of outdoor study.
one begins to feel the homely charm of the place the moment instructions are given as to how to reach it.
and out the old lime-kiln road you go, until you come to a farm which spells the perfection of care in every clump of trees and every row of vegetables.
some girls in broad-brimmed hats are working in the strawberry bed--if you go in strawberry time--and farther on a group of women have gathered, with an overalled instructor, under an apple tree the needs of which are being studied.
under some sedate shade trees, you are led to an old pennsylvania stone farmhouse--the administration building, if you please.
beyond are the barns, poultry houses, nurseries and greenhouses, and a cottage which is used as a dormitory for the girls--as unlike the usual dormitory as the school is unlike the usual school.
a bee colony has its own little white village near by.
then the director, a trained woman landscape gardener, tells you all that this school of horticulture has accomplished since its founding five years ago.
very few women, however, have had the practical training to enable them to fill such positions, and five years ago there was little opportunity for them to obtain such training.
at that time a number of women in and about philadelphia, who realized the need for thorough teaching in all the branches of horticulture, not merely in theory but in practice, organized this school.
the course is planned to equip women with the practical knowledge that will enable them to manage private and commercial gardens, greenhouses or orchards.
some women wish to learn how to care for their own well-loved gardens; some young girls study with the idea of establishing their own greenhouses and raising flowers as a means of livelihood; still others want to go in for fruit farming, and even for poultry raising or bee culture.
in england, belgium, germany, italy, denmark and russia, such institutions have long passed the experimental stage; graduates from their schools are managing large estates or holding responsible positions as directors of public or private gardens, as managers of commercial greenhouses, or as consulting horticulturists and lecturers.
in this country there is a growing demand for supervisors of home and school gardens, for work on plantations and model farms, and for landscape gardeners.
already one of the graduates has issued a modest brown circular stating that she is equipped to supply ideas for gardens and personally to plant them; to expend limited sums of money to the best advantage for beauty and service; to take entire charge of gardens and orchards for the season and personally to supervise gardens during the owners' absence; to spray ornamental trees and shrubs, and prune them; and to care for indoor plants and window boxes.
a smiling strawberry student, who is passing, readily tells all that going to a garden school means.
we have to plant it, care for it, and be marked on it.
we all have special care of certain parts of the greenhouse, too, and each has a part of the nursery, the orchard and the vineyard.
even the work that is too heavy for us we have to study about, so that we can direct helpers when the time comes.
we have to understand every detail of it all.
we have to keep a daily record of our work.
this is the way to learn how long it takes for different seeds to germinate, and thus we watch the development of the fruits and flowers and vegetables.
you see, the attendance at the school is limited to a small number; so each one of us receives a great deal of individual attention and help.
we could even make a greenhouse, if we had to.
we are taught the care and raising of poultry, we learn bee culture, and we have a course in landscape gardening.
in the cozy cottage that serves as a dormitory, there is a large classroom, where the lectures in botany, entomology, soils and horticultural chemistry are given.
there is a staff of instructors, all from well-known universities, and a master farmer to impart the practical everyday process of managing fields and orchards.
special lectures are given frequently by experts in various subjects.
in the cottage is a big, homelike living-room, where the girls read and sing and dance in the evening.
each girl takes care of her own bedroom.
the costumes worn by these garden students are durable, appropriate and most becoming.
the school colors are the woodsy ones of brown and green, and the working garb is carried out in these colors.
brown khaki or corduroy skirts, eight inches from the ground, with two large pockets, are worn under soft green smocks smocked in brown.
the sweaters are brown or green, and there is a soft hat for winter and a large shade hat for summer.
heavy working gloves and boots are provided, and a large apron with pockets goes with the outfit.
they were of all sorts of racial extraction and of ages ranging through most of the teens.
some you would have called ragamuffins, street urchins, but some were too well washed, combed and laundered for such a designation.
some were eagerly waiting, some anxiously, some indifferently.
some wore sober faces; some were standing soldierly stiff; but others were bubbling over with the spirits of their age, gossiping, shouting, indulging in colt-play.
when they came out, some hustled away to prospective employers and others loitered in the street.
half the number were looking for summer positions.
others were of the vast army of boys who quit school for keeps at the eighth or ninth grade or thereabouts.
with the coming of vacation time the ratio was reversed.
the boy applicants were a hundred or two hundred daily.
for the two hundred on the day mentioned there were fifty places.
he is without a care and his only thought, if he has one, is to obtain as high a wage as possible.
it is safe to say that of the thousands of boys who apply annually at the employment office, two-thirds are between sixteen and eighteen years of age.
before going further, we can safely say that twenty per cent of the youngest lads have left school only a few weeks before applying for work.
walter l. sears, superintendent of the office in kneeland street, tells this story: an american youngster came in.
an italian boy came in, looking for work.
for what it is worth, it may be set down that a large proportion of the boy applicants carefully scrutinize the dollar sign when they talk wages.
the compulsion of the thing, or the appeal of the phrase--which?
the boy's eyes light up with the picture.
and the boy's eyes light up with discovery.
overalls on, sleeves rolled up, face streaming with perspiration?
repairing the mechanism, polishing the brass?
the boy applicants seldom have any clear idea of the ultimate prospects in any line of work they may have in mind--as to the salary limit for the most expert, or the opportunities for promotion and the securing of an independent position.
many of them have no preconceived idea even of what they want to do, to say nothing of what they ought to do.
similar questions, with similar answers, continue.
sometimes a boy is accompanied to the office by his father.
it is found by further questions that the lad has installed a push-bell button at the front door and another at the back door.
he had bought dry batteries, wire and buttons at a hardware store in a box containing full directions.
it is nevertheless hard to convince the father that the boy may not be a natural-born electrician, after all.
in frequent cases the father has not considered the limitations and opportunities in the occupation which he chooses for his son.
it not only shows a lack of interest in the boy's welfare on the part of the parents, but also places the youthful applicant in an unfair position.
oftentimes, owing to inexperience, a boy accepts a position without inquiring into the details and nature of the same.
his main thought is the amount of the wage to be received.
consequently there is but one obvious result.
the hours are excessive, the work is beyond the boy's strength or is hazardous, and finally the lad withdraws without notice.
the coming of vacation invariably brings a great influx of boys to the state employment office, some looking for summer work, others for permanent employment.
most of them show lack of intelligent constructive thought on the matter in hand.
few of them have had any counsel, or any valuable counsel from their parents or others.
to mr. sears and his assistants--and they have become very proficient at it--is left the task of vocational guidance, within such limitations as those of time and equipment.
what can be done to get the boy and his sponsors to thinking intelligently about the question of an occupation for the boy, with proper regard to their mutual fitness?
superintendent sears has some suggestions to offer.
in his opinion the subject of occupational choice should be debated thoroughly in the public schools.
he favors the introduction of some plan embodying this idea in the upper grades of the grammar school, under conditions that would give each boy an opportunity to talk, and that would encourage him to consult his parents and teachers.
the debates might be held monthly, and preparation should be required.
experts or successful men in various occupations might be called in to address the pupils and furnish authoritative information.
the questions debated should involve the advisability of learning a trade and the choice of a trade, and the same considerations with respect to the professions, the mercantile pursuits, and so on.
the pupils should be allowed to vote on the merits of each question debated.
by such a method, thinks mr. sears, the boys would gain the valuable training which debating gives, would devote considerable thought to the question of their future employment, would acquire much information, and would get their parents more interested in the matter than many of them are.
they stretch, these camps, in rapidly extending area from canada through maine and northern new england, into the adirondacks and the alleghenies, and then across toward the northwest and the rockies.
it is quite safe to assert that there is not a private school of importance that does not take under its protection and support at least one such institution, while large numbers of teachers either own camps or assist in their management as instructors.
one group, unmistakably the advance guard of a girls' camp, assembled at the grand central station on wednesday.
there were two alert, dignified women, evidently the co-principals; a younger woman, who, at least so the tired suburban shopper decided, was probably the athletic instructor; two neat colored women, and a small girl of twelve, on tiptoe with excitement, talking volubly about the fun she would have when they got to the lake and when all the other girls arrived.
her excited chatter also revealed the fact that father and mother had just sailed for europe, and, while she thought of them with regret, there was only pleasure in prospect as she started northward.
there was much baggage to be attended to, and consultation over express and freight bills, with interesting references to tents, canoes, and tennis nets.
success is an excellent testimonial, and there is no longer any need to point out the advantages of such camps for boys and girls.
they fill a real place for the delicate, the lazy, or the backward, who must needs do extra work to keep up with their school grade, for those who otherwise would be condemned to hotel life, or for the children whose parents, because of circumstances, are compelled to spend the summer in cities.
even the most jealously anxious of mothers are among the converts to the movement.
i thought the first time that i simply could not part with him.
i pictured him drowned or ill from poor food or severe colds.
indeed, there wasn't a single terror i didn't imagine.
from the child's point of view, summer camps are a blessing, and, as such, they have come to stay.
but there are those who doubt their benefits, even the financial ones, for the teachers, who mortgage their vacations to conduct them.
unfortunately, as every one knows, almost every teacher has to mortgage her spare time in one way or another in order to make a more than bare living.
call the roll of those whom you may know, and you will be surprised--no, scarcely surprised; merely interested--to find that nine-tenths of them do some additional work.
it may be extra tutoring, hack writing, translating, the editing of school texts or the writing of text-books, taking agencies for this, that, or the other commodity, conducting travel parties, lecturing at educational institutes, running women's clubs, or organizing nature classes.
some outside vocation is necessary if the teacher is to enjoy the advantages her training makes almost imperative, or the comforts her tired, nervous organism demands.
so, as one philosopher was heard to remark, it is perhaps best to run a summer camp, since in the doing of it there is at least the advantage of being in the open and of leading a wholesomely sane existence.
two good friends and fellow-teachers who have conducted a camp in northern maine for the last five years have been extremely frank in setting forth their experiences for the benefit of those who are standing on the brink of a similar venture.
and their story is worth while, because from every point of view they have been successful.
any pessimistic touches in their narrative cannot be laid at the door of failure.
indeed, in their first year they cleared expenses, and that is rare; and their clientle has steadily increased until now they have a camp of forty or more girls, at the very topmost of camp prices.
again, as there were two of them and they are both versatile, they have needed little assistance; the mother of one has been house mother and general camp counsellor.
with all this as optimistic preamble, let us hear their story.
perhaps their first doubt arises with regard to the wear and tear of camp life upon those most directly responsible for its conduct.
our income did not keep pace with our expenses, and it was start a camp or do something less agreeable.
that a girls' camp is a far more difficult proposition than one for boys is evident on the face of it.
mother may shed tears over parting with johnny, but, after all, he's a boy, and sooner or later must depend upon himself.
can she trust any one else to watch over her in the matter of flannels and dry stockings?
do these well-meaning but spinster teachers know the symptoms of tonsilitis, the first signs of a bilious attack, or the peculiarities of a spoiled girl's diet?
and will not sue lose, possibly, some of the gentle manners and dainty ways inculcated at home, by close contact with divers other ways and manners?
she is inclined to be skeptical, is mother.
they not only came, but they stayed, and as the nearest hotel was distant many devious miles of mountain road, we were forced to put them up; finally the maids had to sleep in the old barn, and we were camping on cots in the hall of the farmhouse which is our headquarters.
and, indeed, all this maternal anxiety is not entirely misplaced.
sue is a good deal harder to take care of than johnny.
she needs a few more comforts, although camp life aims at eliminating all but the essentials of simple living.
her clothes, even at a minimum, are more elaborate, which increases the difficulty of laundering, always a problem in camping.
she is infinitely more dependent upon her elders for direction in the veriest a b c's of daily existence.
boys may suffer from it, but they suffer alone.
if tears are shed they are shed in secret, lest the other fellows find it out.
except in the case of the very little chaps, the masters are not disturbed.
but girls have no such reserves; and the teachers in charge of twenty-five strange girls, many in the throes of this really distressing ailment, are not to be envied.
are they swimming in charge of the director of athletics, a most capable girl, one of us must be there, too, because, should anything happen, we, and not she, are directly responsible.
when the lesson hour is on, we not only teach, but must see that each girl's work is adapted to her needs, as they come from a dozen different schools.
there are disputes to settle, plans for outings and entertainments to be made, games to direct, letters to the home folks to be superintended, or half the girls would never write at all, to say nothing of the marketing and housekeeping, and our own business correspondence, that has to be tucked into the siesta hour after luncheon.
not a girl among them would have sense enough to get up and close windows in case of rain, so i sleep with one ear pricked for the first patter on the roof.
occasionally there are two or three who walk in their sleep, and i'm on pins and needles lest harm come to them, so i make my rounds to see that they're safe.
oh, it is a peacefully placid existence, i assure you, having charge of forty darling daughters.
some of them have done nothing for themselves in their entire lives, and what a splendid place camp is for such girls.
these are some of the few worries that attach to the care of sensitive and delicately brought up girls that the boys' camp never knows.
but if the financial return is adequate there will naturally be some compensation for all these pinpricks.
here again the senior partner is inclined to hem and haw.
however, that is not enough to reward her for the additional work and worry.
camp work does not confine itself to the nine weeks of residence.
her own venture has so far paid its own way, and after the first year has left a neat margin of profit.
but this profit, because of expansion, has immediately been invested in new equipment.
this year, for example, there has been erected a bungalow for general living purposes.
a dozen new tents and four canoes were bought, and two dirt tennis courts made.
then each year there must be a general replenishing of dishes, table and bed linen, athletic goods, and furniture.
the garden has been so enlarged that the semi-occasional man-of-all-work has been replaced by a permanent gardener.
naturally, such extension does mean ultimate profit, and, given a few more years of continued prosperity, the summer will yield a goodly additional income.
but the teacher who undertakes a camp with the idea that such money is easily made, is mistaken.
one successful woman has cleared large sums, so large, indeed, that she has about decided to sever her direct connection with the private school where she has taught for years, and trust to her camp for a living.
she has been so fortunate, it is but fair to explain, because her camp is upon a government reserve tract in canada, and she has had to make no large investment in land; nor does she pay taxes.
desirable locations are harder to find nowadays and much more expensive to purchase.
a fortunate pioneer in the movement bought seven acres, with five hundred feet of lake frontage, for three hundred dollars six years ago.
that same land is worth ten times as much to-day.
and the kind of woman who should attempt the summer camp for girls as a means of additional income?
first of all, the one who really loves outdoor life, who can find in woods and water compensation for the wear and tear of summering with schoolgirls.
again, she who can minimize the petty worries of existence to the vanishing point.
and, last of all, she who has business acumen.
for what does it profit a tired teacher if she fill her camp list and have no margin of profit for her weeks of hard labor?
he has your grips, is already slipping down the aisle toward section five.
but there can be no other guv'nor save you on this car and trip.
and george, of the pullmans, is going to watch over you this night as a mother hen might watch over her solitary chick.
the car is well filled and he is going to have a hard night of it; but he is going to take good care of you.
he tells you so; and, before you are off the car, you are going to have good reason to believe it.
before we consider the sable-skinned george of to-day, give a passing thought to the pullman itself.
the first george of the pullmans--george m. pullman--was a shrewd-headed carpenter who migrated from a western new york village out into illinois more than half a century ago and gave birth to the idea of railroad luxury at half a cent a mile.
there had been sleeping cars before pullman built the pioneer, as he called his maiden effort.
other early railroads had made similar experiments, but they were all makeshifts and crude.
pullman set out to build a sleeping car that would combine a degree of comfort with a degree of luxury.
it was as wide as the sleeping car of to-day and nearly as high; in fact, so high and so wide was it that there were no railroads on which it might run, and when pullman pleaded with the old-time railroad officers to widen the clearances, so as to permit the pioneer to run over their lines, they laughed at him.
morse's telegraph was sobering an exultant land by telling how its great magistrate lay dead within the white house, at washington.
and men were demanding a funeral car, dignified and handsome enough to carry the body of abraham lincoln from washington to springfield.
suddenly somebody thought of the pioneer, which rested, a virtual prisoner, in a railroad yard not far from chicago.
there was no hesitation now about making clearances for her.
almost in the passing of a night, station platforms and other obstructions were being cut away, and the first of all the pullman cars made a triumphant though melancholy journey to new york, to washington, and back again to illinois.
the other day, while one of the brisk federal commissions down at washington was extending consideration to the pullman porter and his wage, it called to the witness stand the executive head of the pullman company.
and the man who answered the call was robert t. lincoln, the son of abraham lincoln.
when pullman built the pioneer he designated it a, little dreaming that eventually he might build enough cars to exhaust the letters of the alphabet.
to-day the pullman company has more than six thousand cars in constant use.
it operates the entire sleeping-car service and by far the larger part of the parlor-car service on all but half a dozen of the railroads of the united states and canada, with a goodly sprinkling of routes south into mexico.
on an average night sixty thousand persons--a community equal in size to johnstown, pennsylvania, or south bend, indiana--sleep within its cars.
and one of the chief excuses for its existence is the flexibility of its service.
a railroad in the south, with a large passenger traffic in the winter, or a railroad in the north, with conditions reversed and travel running at high tide throughout the hot summer months, could hardly afford to place the investment in sleeping and parlor cars to meet its high-tide needs, and have those cars grow rusty throughout the long, dull months.
the pullman company, by moving its extra cars backward and forward over the face of the land in regiments and in battalions, keeps them all earning money.
it meets unusual traffic demands with all the resources of its great fleet of traveling hotels.
last summer, when the knights templars held their convention in denver, it sent four hundred and fifty extra cars out to the capital of colorado.
and this year it is bending its resources toward finding sufficient cars to meet the demands for the long overland trek to the expositions on the pacific coast.
the transition from the pioneer to the steel sleeping car of today was not accomplished in a single step.
a man does not have to be so very old or so very much traveled to recall the day when the pullman was called a palace ear and did its enterprising best to justify that title.
it was almost an apotheosis of architectural bad taste.
disfigured by all manner of moldings, cornices, grilles and dinky plush curtains--head-bumping, dust-catching, useless--it was a decorative orgy, as well as one of the very foundations of the newspaper school of humor.
suddenly the pullman company awoke to the absurdity of it all.
more than ten years ago it came to the decision that architecture was all right in its way, but that it was not a fundamental part of car building.
it began to throw out the grilles and the other knickknacks, even before it had committed itself definitely to the use of the steel car.
it has banished all but the very simplest of the moldings, and all the hangings save those that are absolutely necessary to the operation of the car.
it has studied and it has experimented until it has produced in the sleeping car of to-day what is probably the most efficient railroad vehicle in the world.
our foreign cousins scoff at it and call it immodest; but we may reserve our own opinion as to the relative modesty of some of their institutions.
* * * * * this, however, is not the story of the pullman car.
it is the story of that ebony autocrat who presides so genially and yet so firmly over it.
it is the story of george the porter--the six thousand georges standing to-night to greet you and the other traveling folk at the doors of the waiting cars.
and george is worthy of a passing thought.
he was born in the day when the negro servant was the pride of america--when the black man stood at your elbow in the dining rooms of the greatest of our hotels; when a colored butler was the joy of the finest of the homes along fifth avenue or round rittenhouse square.
transplanted, he quickly became an american institution.
and there is many a man who avers that never elsewhere has there been such a servant as a good negro servant.
fashions change, and in the transplanting of other social ideas the black man has been shoved aside.
it is only in the pullman service that he retains his old-time pride and prestige.
that company to-day might almost be fairly called his salvation, despite the vexing questions of the wages and tips of the sleeping-car porters that have recently come to the fore.
yet it is almost equally true that the black man has been the salvation of the sleeping-car service.
experiments have been made in using others.
one or two of the canadian roads, which operate their own sleeping cars, have placed white men as porters; down in the southwest the inevitable mexicano has been placed in the familiar blue uniform.
none of them has been satisfactory; and, indeed, it is not every negro who is capable of taking charge of a sleeping car.
the pullman company passes by the west indians--the type so familiar to every man who has ridden many times in the elevators of the apartment houses of upper new york.
it prefers to recruit its porters from certain of the states of the old south--georgia and the carolinas.
it almost limits its choice to certain counties within those states.
it shows a decided preference for the sons of its employees; in fact, it might almost be said that to-day there are black boys growing up down there in the cotton country who have come into the world with the hope and expectation of being made pullman car porters.
the company that operates those cars prefers to discriminate--and it does discriminate.
that is its first step toward service--the careful selection of the human factor.
the next step lies in the proper training of that factor; and as soon as a young man enters the service of the pullmans he goes to school--in some one of the large railroad centers that act as hubs for that system.
sometimes the school is held in one of the division offices, but more often it goes forward in the familiar aisle of a sleeping car, sidetracked for the purpose.
its curriculum is unusual but it is valuable.
the porter is taught that a sheet once unfolded cannot be used again.
though it may be really spotless, yet technically it is dirty; and it must make a round trip to the laundry before it can reenter the service.
all these things are taught the sophomore porters by a wrinkled veteran of the service; and they are minutely prescribed in the voluminous rule book issued by the pullman company, which believes that the first foundation of service is discipline.
so the school and the rule book do not hesitate at details.
they teach the immature porter not merely the routine of making up and taking down beds, and the proper maintenance of the car, but they go into such finer things as the calling of a passenger, for instance.
noise is tabooed, and so even a soft knocking on the top of the berth is forbidden.
the porter must gently shake the curtains or the bedding from without.
when the would-be porter is through in this schoolroom his education goes forward out on the line.
under the direction of one of the grizzled autocrats he first comes in contact with actual patrons--comes to know their personalities and their peculiarities.
also, he comes to know the full meaning of that overused and abused word--service.
after all, here is the full measure of the job.
and as a servant he must perfect himself.
he must rise to the countless opportunities that will come to him each night he is on the run.
he must do better--he must anticipate them.
take such a man as eugene roundtree, who has been running a smoking car on one of the limited trains between new york and boston for two decades--save for that brief transcendent hour when charles s. mellen saw himself destined to become transportation overlord of new england and appropriated roundtree for a personal servant and porter of his private car.
roundtree is a negro of the very finest type.
he is a man who commands respect and dignity--and receives it.
and roundtree, as porter of the pullman smoker on the merchants' limited, has learned to anticipate.
he knows at least five hundred of the big bankers and business men of both new york and boston--though he knows the boston crowd best.
when mr. blank tells me he wants a cigar it's my job to remember what he smokes and to put it before him.
george sylvester is another man of the roundtree type--only his run trends to the west from new york instead of to the east, which means that he has a somewhat different type of patron with which to deal.
sylvester is a porter on the twentieth century limited; and, like roundtree, he is a colored man of far more than ordinary force and character.
he had opportunity to show both on a winter night, when his train was stopped and a drunken man--a man who was making life hideous for other passengers on sylvester's car--was taken from the train.
the fact that the man was a powerful politician, a man who raved the direst threats when arrested, made the porter's job the more difficult.
the pullman company, in this instance alone, had good cause to remember sylvester's force and courage--and consummate tact--just as it has good cause in many such episodes to be thankful for the cool-headedness of its black man in a blue uniform who stands in immediate control of its property.
sylvester prefers to forget that episode.
he likes to think of the nice part of the century's runs--the passengers who are quiet, and kind, and thoughtful, and remembering.
they are a sort whom it is a pleasure for a porter to serve.
there are other fat runs, of course: the overland, the olympian, the congressional--and of general henry forrest, of the congressional, more in a moment--fat trains that follow the route of the century.
it was on one of these, coming east from cleveland on a snowy night in february last, that a resourceful porter had full use for his store of tact; for there is, in the community that has begun to stamp sixth city on its shirts and its shoe tabs, a bank president who--to put the matter lightly--is a particular traveler.
more than one black man, rising high in porter service, has had his vanity come to grief when this crotchety personage has come on his car.
and the man himself was one of those who are marked up and down the pullman trails.
an unwritten code was being transmitted between the black brethren of the sleeping cars as to his whims and peculiarities.
it was well that every brother in service in the cleveland district should know the code.
when mr. x entered his drawing-room--he never rides elsewhere in the car--shades were to be drawn, a pillow beaten and ready by the window, and matches on the window sill.
x would never ask for these things; but god help the poor porter who forgot them!
so you yourself can imagine the emotions of whittlesey warren, porter of the car thanatopsis, bound east on number six on the snowy february night when x came through the portals of that scarabic antique, the union depot at cleveland, a redcap with his grips in the wake.
he followed the banker down the aisle, tucked away the bags, pulled down the shades, fixed the pillow and placed the matches on the window sill.
the banker merely grunted approval, lighted a big black cigar and went into the smoker, while warren gave some passing attention to the other patrons of his car.
it was passing attention at the best; for after a time the little bell annunciator began to sing merrily and persistently at him--and invariably its commanding needle pointed to d.r.
and on the drawing-room whittlesey warren danced a constant attention.
the banker's pillows were toward the locomotive.
but his job was not to argue and dispute.
and he remade the bed while x lit a stogy and went back to the smoker.
that was at erie--erie, and the snow was falling more briskly than at cleveland.
slowing into dunkirk, the banker returned and glanced through the car window.
he could see by the snow against the street lamps that the train was apparently running in the opposite direction.
his chubby finger went against the push button.
suffice it to say that the porter remembered who he was and what he was, and merely remade the bed.
the banker bit off the end of another cigar and retired once again to the club car.
when he returned, the train was backing into the buffalo station.
at that unfortunate moment he raised his car shade--and porter whittlesey warren again reversed the bed, to the accompaniment of the most violent abuse that had ever been heaped on his defenseless head.
yet not once did he complain--he remembered that a servant a servant always is.
and in the morning x must have remembered; for a folded bill went into warren's palm--a bill of a denomination large enough to buy that fancy vest which hung in a haberdasher's shop over on san juan hill.
if you have been asking yourself all this while just what a fat run is, here is your answer: tips; a fine train filled with fine ladies and fine gentlemen, not all of them so cranky as x, of cleveland--thank heaven for that!--though a good many of them have their peculiarities and are willing to pay generously for the privilege of indulging those peculiarities.
despite the rigid discipline of the pullman company the porter's leeway is a very considerable one.
his own initiative, however, is not small.
two newspaper men in new york know that.
they had gone over to boston for a week-end, had separated momentarily at its end, to meet at the last of the afternoon trains for gotham.
a had the joint finances and tickets for the trip; but b, hurrying through the traffic tangle of south station, just ninety seconds before the moment of departure, knew that he would find him already in the big pullman observation car.
he was not asked to show his ticket at the train gate.
boston, with the fine spirit of the tea party still flowing in its blue veins, has always resented that as a sort of railroad impertinence.
he did not really search for him until back bay was passed and the train was on the first leg of its journey, with the next stop at providence.
then b realized that his side partner had missed the train.
he dropped into a corner and searched his own pockets.
a battered quarter and three pennies came to view--and the fare from boston to providence is ninety cents!
then it was that the initiative of a well-trained pullman porter came into play.
he had stood over the distressed b while he was making an inventory of his resources.
b told the black man his story in a quick, straightforward manner; and the black man looked into his eyes.
perhaps he saw in that honest ebony face something of the expression of the faithful servants of wartime who refused to leave their masters even after utter ruin had come upon them.
the porter drew forth a fat roll of bills.
to initiative the black man was adding intuition.
he was forever using his countless opportunities to study men.
it was not so much of a gamble as one might suppose.
a pretty well-known editor was saved from a mighty embarrassing time; and some other people have been saved from similarly embarrassing situations through the intuition and the resources of the pullman porter.
the conductor--both of the train and of the sleeping-car service--is not permitted to exercise such initiative or intuition; but the porter can do and frequently does things of this very sort.
his recompense for them, however, is hardly to be classed as a tip.
the tip is the nub of the whole situation.
almost since the very day when the pioneer began to blaze the trail of luxury over the railroads of the land, and the autocrat of the pullman car created his servile but entirely honorable calling, it has been a mooted point.
recently a great federal commission has blazed the strong light of publicity on it.
robert t. lincoln, son of the emancipator, and, as we have already said, the head and front of the pullman company, sat in a witness chair at washington and answered some pretty pointed questions as to the division of the porter's income between the company and the passenger who employed him.
wages, it appeared, are twenty-seven dollars and a half a month for the first fifteen years of the porter's service, increasing thereafter to thirty dollars a month, slightly augmented by bonuses for good records.
the porter also receives his uniforms free after ten years of service, and in some cases of long service his pay may reach forty-two dollars a month.
the rest of his income is in the form of tips.
and mr. lincoln testified that during the past year the total of these tips, to the best knowledge and belief of his company, had exceeded two million three hundred thousand dollars.
the pullman company is not an eleemosynary institution.
though it has made distinct advances in the establishment of pension funds and death benefits, it is hardly to be classed as a philanthropy.
it is a large organization; and it generally is what it chooses to consider itself.
sometimes it avers that it is a transportation company, at other times it prefers to regard itself as a hotel organization; but at all times it is a business proposition.
all of which is a preface to the statement that the pullman company, like any other large user of labor, regulates its wage scale by supply and demand.
if it can find enough of the colored brethren competent and willing and anxious to man its cars at twenty-seven dollars and a half a month--with the fair gamble of two or three or four times that amount to come in the form of tips--it is hardly apt to pay more.
no wonder, then, the tip forms the nub of the situation.
you tip the chauffeur in the taxi, the redcap in the station, the barber, the bootblack, the manicure, the boy or girl who holds your coat for you in the barber's shop or hotel.
in the modern hotel tipping becomes a vast and complex thing--waiters, doormen, hat boys, chambermaids, bell boys, porters--the list seems almost unending.
the system may be abominable, but it has certainly fastened itself on us--sternly and securely.
and it may be said for the pullman car that there, at least, the tip comes to a single servitor--the black autocrat who smiles genially no matter how suspiciously he may, at heart, view the quarter you have placed within his palm.
a quarter seems to be the standard pullman tip--for one person, each night he may be on the car.
some men give more; some men--alas for poor george!--less.
a quarter is not only average but fairly standard.
it is given a certain official status by the auditing officers of many large railroads and industrial corporations, who recognize it as a chargeable item in the expense accounts of their men on the road.
a man with a fat run--lower berths all occupied, with at least a smattering of riders in the uppers, night after night--ought to be able easily to put aside a hundred and fifty dollars a month as his income from this item.
there are hundreds of porters who are doing this very thing; and there are at least dozens of porters who own real estate, automobiles, and other such material evidences of prosperity.
a tip is not necessarily a humiliation, either to the giver or to the taker.
on the contrary, it is a token of meritorious service.
and the smart porter is going to take good care that he gives such service.
but how about the porter who is not so smart--the man who has the lean run?
as every butcher and every transportation man knows, there is lean with the fat.
and it does the lean man little good to know that his fat brother is preparing to buy a secondhand automobile.
on the contrary, it creates an anarchist--or at least a socialist--down under that black skin.
here is lemuel--cursed with a lean run and yet trying to maintain at least an appearance of geniality.
every passenger-traffic man knows that most of the differentials--as the roads that take longer hours, and so are permitted to charge a slightly lower through fare between those cities, are called--have had a hard time of it in recent years.
it is the excess-fare trains, the highest-priced carriers--which charge you a premium of a dollar for every hour they save in placing you in the terminal--that are the crowded trains.
and the differentials have had increasing difficulty getting through passengers.
it seems that in this day and land a man who goes from new york to chicago or st. louis is generally so well paid as to make it worth dollars to him to save hours in the journey.
it is modern efficiency showing itself in railroad-passenger travel.
but the differentials, having local territory to serve, as well as on account of some other reasons, must maintain a sleeping-car service--even at a loss.
there is little or no loss to the pullman company--you may be sure of that!
the railroad pays it a mileage fee for hauling a half or three-quarter empty car over its own line--in addition to permitting the pullman system to take all the revenue from the car; but lemuel sees his end of the business as a dead loss.
he leaves new york at two-thirty o'clock on monday afternoon, having reported at his car nearly three hours before so as to make sure that it is properly stocked and cleaned for its long trip.
he is due at st. louis at ten-fifteen on tuesday evening--though it will be nearly two hours later before he has checked the contents of the car and slipped off to the bunking quarters maintained there by his company.
on wednesday evening at seven o'clock he starts east and is due in new york about dawn on friday morning.
he cleans up his car and himself, and gets to his little home on the west side of manhattan island sometime before noon; but by noon on saturday he must be back at his car, making sure that it is fit and ready by two-thirty o'clock--the moment the conductor's arm falls--and they are headed west again.
this time the destination is chicago, which is not reached until about six o'clock sunday night.
he bunks that night in the windy city and then spends thirty-two hours going back again to new york.
he sees his home one more night; then he is off to st. louis again--started on a fresh round of his eternal schedule.
you may not believe it, white man, but lemuel made fifty-three cents in tips on the last trip from new york to chicago.
you can understand the man who gave him the columbian antique; but lemuel believes there can be no future too warm for that skinny man who gave him the three pennies!
he thinks the gentleman might at least have come across with a subway ticket.
all that saves this porter's bacon is the fact that he is in charge of the car--for some three hundred miles of its eastbound run he is acting as sleeping-car conductor, for which consolidated job he draws down a proportionate share of forty-two dollars a month.
this is a small sop, however, to lemuel.
no wonder then that he has difficulty in making fifty dollars a month, with his miserable tips on the lean run.
though lemuel is permitted three hours' sleep--on the bunk in the washroom on the long runs--from midnight to three o'clock in the morning, there may come other times when his head begins to nod.
and those are sure to be the times when some lynx-eyed inspector comes slipping aboard.
something has happened to lemuel's pay envelope, and his coffee-colored wife in west twenty-ninth street will not be able to get those gray spats until they are clean gone out of style.
he must bide his time and constantly make himself a better servant--a better porter, if you please.
the pullman system has a method for noticing those very things--inconsequential in themselves but all going to raise the standard of its service.
then some fine day something will happen.
a big sleeping-car autocrat, in the smugness and false security of a fat run, is going to err.
he is going to step on the feet of some important citizen--perhaps a railroad director--and the important citizen is going to make a fuss.
after which lemuel, hard-schooled in adversity, in faithfulness and in courtesy, will be asked in the passing of a night to change places with the old autocrat.
and the old autocrat, riding in the poverty of a lean run, will have plenty of opportunity to count the telegraph poles and reflect on the mutability of men and things.
the pullman company denies that this is part of its system; but it does happen--time and time and time again.
george, or lemuel, or alexander--whatever the name may be--has no easy job.
if you do not believe that, go upstairs some hot summer night to the rear bedroom--that little room under the blazing tin roof which you reserve for your relatives--and make up the bed fifteen or twenty times, carefully unmaking it between times and placing the clothes away in a regular position.
let your family nag at you and criticize you during each moment of the job--while somebody plays an obbligato on the electric bell and places shoes and leather grips underneath your feet.
imagine the house is bumping and rocking--and keep a smiling face and a courteous tongue throughout all of it!
or do this on a bitter night in midwinter; and between every two or three makings of the bed in the overheated room slip out of a linen coat and into a fairly thin serge one and go and stand outside the door from three to ten minutes in the snow and cold.
in some ways this is one of the hardest parts of george's job.
however, the porter's job, like nearly every other job, has its glories as well as its hardships--triumphs that can be told and retold for many a day to fascinated colored audiences; because there are special trains--filled with pursy and prosperous bankers from hartford and rochester and terre haute--making the trip from coast to coast and back again, and never forgetting the porter at the last hour of the last day.
there are many men in the pullman service like roger pryor, who has ridden with every recent president of the land and enjoyed his confidence and respect.
and then there is general henry forrest, of the congressional limited, for twenty-four years in charge of one of its broiler cars, who stops not at presidents but enjoys the acquaintance of senators and ambassadors almost without number.
the general comes to know these dignitaries by their feet.
when he is standing at the door of his train under the pennsylvania terminal, in new york, he recognizes the feet as they come poking down the long stairs from the concourse.
and he can make his smile senatorial or ambassadorial--a long time in advance.
once forrest journeyed in a private car to san francisco, caring for a certain big man.
he took good care of the certain big man--that was part of his job.
he took extra good care of the certain big man--that was his opportunity.
and when the certain big man reached the golden gate he told henry forrest that he had understood and appreciated the countless attentions.
the black face of the porter wrinkled into smiles.
the certain big man shook his head negatively; but he was flattered nevertheless.
he leaned over and spoke to henry forrest.
and so it came to pass that on the blizzardy dakota-made day when william howard taft was inaugurated president of these united states there was a parade--a parade in which many men rode in panoply and pride; but none was prouder there than he who, mounted on a magnificent bay horse, headed the philippine band.
the bay horse started three times to bolt from the line of march, and this was probably because its rider was better used to the pompeian-red broiler car than to a pompeian-red bay mare.
despite them--partly because of them perhaps--the younger brethren at the terminals were no longer to address the veteran from the congressional merely as mr. forrest.
he was general forrest now--a title he bears proudly and which he will carry with him all the long years of his life.
for a sentimental frippery may be given a feminine name and may bear her years gracefully--even though she does creak in all her hundred joints when the track is the least bit uneven.
as to the sick man's tips, the gratuity is no less a matter of keen interest and doubt at sixty than it is at twenty-six.
and though there is a smile under that clean mat of kinky white hair, it is not all habit--some of it is still anticipation.
but quarters and half dollars do not come so easily to the old man in the parlor car as to his younger brother on the sleepers, or those elect who have the smokers on the fat runs.
to the old men come dimes instead--some of them miserable affairs bearing on their worn faces the faint presentments of the ruler on the north side of lake erie and hardly redeemable in baltimore or cincinnati.
yet even these are hardly to be scorned--when one is sixty.
perhaps a sandy farm on a carolina hillside, where an old man may sit and nod in the warm sun, and dream of the days when steel cars were new--perhaps of the days when the platform-vestibule first went bounding over the rails--may dream and nod; and then, in his waking moments, stir the pickaninnies to the glories of a career on a fast train and a fat run.
for if it is true that any white boy has the potential opportunity of becoming president of the united states, it is equally true that any black boy may become the autocrat of the pullman car.
from the time of its purchase to the moment of its consignment to the barrel in the cellar or the rapacious wagon of the rag-and-bone man the bottle plays a vital part in our lives.
and as with most inconspicuous necessities, but little is known of its history.
we assume vaguely that it is blown--ever since we saw the bohemian glass blowers at the world's fair we have known that glass is blown into whatever shape fancy may dictate--but that is as far as our knowledge of its manufacture extends.
as a matter of fact the production of bottles in bulk is one of the most important features of the glass industry of this country today.
the manufacture of window glass fades into insignficance before the hugeness of the bottle-making business; and even the advent of prohibition, while it lessens materially the demand for glass containers of liquids, does not do so in such degree as to warrant very active uneasiness on the part of the proprietors of bottle factories.
the process of manufacture of the humble bottle is a surprizingly involved one.
it includes the transportation and preparation of raw material, the reduction of the material to a proper state of workability, and the shaping of the material according to design, before the bottle is ready to go forth on its mission.
the basic material of which all glass is made is, of course, sand.
this sand is brought to the factory and there mixed by experts with coloring matter and a flux to aid the melting.
on the tint of the finished product depends the sort of coloring agent used.
for clear white glass, called flint glass, no color is added.
the mixing of a copper salt with the sand gives a greenish tinge to the glass; amber glass is obtained by the addition of an iron compound; and a little cobalt in the mixture gives the finished bottle the clear blue tone that used to greet the waking eye as it searched the room for something to allay that morning's morning feeling.
the flux used is old glass--bits of shattered bottles, scraps from the floor of the factory.
this batch is put into a specially constructed furnace--a brick box about thirty feet long by fifteen wide, and seven feet high at the crown of the arched roof.
this furnace is made of the best refractory blocks to withstand the fierce heat necessary to bring the batch to a molten state.
the heat is supplied by various fuels--producer-gas is the most common, tho oil is sometimes used.
the gas is forced into the furnace and mixed with air at its inception; when the mixture is ignited the flame rolls down across the batch, and the burnt gases pass out of the furnace on the other side.
the batch is put into the furnace from the rear; as it liquefies it flows to the front, where it is drawn off thru small openings and blown into shape.
this temperature is measured by special instruments called thermal couples--two metals joined and placed in the heat of the flame.
the heat sets up an electric current in the joined metals, and this current is read on a galvanometer graduated to read degrees fahrenheit instead of volts, so that the temperature may be read direct.
all furnaces for the melting of sand for glass are essentially the same in construction and principle.
the radical differences in bottle manufacturing appear in the methods used in drawing off the glass and blowing it into shape.
glass is blown by three methods: hand-blowing, semi-automatic blowing, and automatic blowing.
the first used was the hand method, and tho the introduction of machines is rapidly making the old way a back number, there are still factories where the old-time glass blower reigns supreme.
one of the great centers of the bottle industry in the united states is down in the southern end of new jersey.
good sand is dug there--new jersey was part of the bed of the atlantic before it literally rose to its present state status--and naturally the factories cluster about the source of supply of material.
within a radius of thirty miles the investigator may see bottles turned out by all three methods.
the hand-blowing, while it is the slowest and most expensive means of making bottles, is by far the most picturesque.
imagine a long, low, dark building--dark as far as daylight is concerned, but weirdly lit by orange and scarlet flashes from the great furnaces that crouch in its shelter.
at the front of each of these squatting monsters, men, silhouetted against the fierce glow from the doors, move about like puppets on wires--any noise they may make is drowned in the mastering roar of the fire.
a worker thrusts a long blowpipe (in glassworkers' terminology a wand) into the molten mass in the furnace and twirls it rapidly.
the end of the wand, armed with a ball of refractory clay, collects a ball of semi-liquid glass; the worker must estimate the amount of glass to be withdrawn for the particular size of the bottle that is to be made.
this ball of glowing material is withdrawn from the furnace; the worker rolls it on a sloping moldboard, shaping it to a cylinder, and passes the wand to the blower who is standing ready to receive it.
the blower drops the cylinder of glass into a mold, which is held open for its reception by yet another man; the mold snaps shut; the blower applies his mouth to the end of the blowpipe; a quick puff, accompanied by the drawing away of the wand, blows the glass to shape in the mold and leaves a thin bubble of glass protruding above.
the mold is opened; the shaped bottle, still faintly glowing, is withdrawn with a pair of asbestos-lined pincers, and passed to a man who chips off the bubble on a rough strip of steel, after which he gives the bottle to one who sits guarding a tiny furnace in which oil sprayed under pressure roars and flares.
the rough neck of the bottle goes into the flame; the raw edges left when the bubble was chipped off are smoothed away by the heat; the neck undergoes a final polishing and shaping twirl in the jaws of a steel instrument, and the bottle is laid on a little shelf to be carried away.
the glass must not be cooled too quickly, lest it be brittle.
it must be annealed--cooled slowly--in order to withstand the rough usage to which it is to be subjected.
the annealing process takes place in a long, brick tunnel, heated at one end, and gradually cooling to atmospheric temperature at the other.
the bottles are placed on a moving platform, which slowly carries them from the heated end to the cool end.
at the cool end of the annealing furnace the bottle is met by the packers and is made ready for shipment.
they have always been called that, and probably always will be.
in the hand-blowing process six men are needed to make one bottle.
there must be a gatherer to draw the glass from the furnace; a blower; a man to handle the mold; a man to chip off the bubble left by the blower; a shaper to finish the neck of the bottle; and a carrier-off to take the completed bottles to the lehr.
usually the gatherer is also the blower, in which case two men are used, one blowing while the other gathers for his turn; but on one platform i saw the somewhat unusual sight of one man doing all the blowing while another gathered for him.
the pair used two wands, so that their production was the same as tho two men were gathering and blowing.
this particular blower was making quart bottles, and he was well qualified for the job.
he weighed, at a conservative estimate, two hundred and fifty pounds, and when he blew something had to happen.
i arrived at his place of labor just as the shifts were being changed--a glass-furnace is worked continuously, in three eight-hour shifts--and as the little whistle blew to announce the end of his day's toil the giant grabbed the last wand, dropped it into the waiting mold, and blew a mighty blast.
a bubble of glass sprang from the mouth of the mold, swelled to two feet in diameter, and burst with a bang, filling the air with shimmering flakes of glass, light enough to be wafted like motes.
when the shining shower had settled and i had opened my eyes--it would not be pleasant to get an eyeful of those beautiful scraps--the huge blower was diminishing in perspective toward his dinner, and the furnace door was, for the moment, without its usual hustling congregation of workers.
i made bold to investigate the platform.
close to me glared the mouth of the furnace, with masses of silver threads depending from it like the beard of some fiery gulleted ogre--the strings of glass left by the withdrawal of the wand.
the heat three feet away was enough to make sand melt and run like water, but i was not unpleasantly warm.
this was because i stood at the focus of three tin pipes, thru which streams of cold air, fan-impelled, beat upon me.
without this cooling agent it would be impossible for men to work so close to the heat of the molten glass.
later, in the cool offices of the company, where the roar of the furnaces penetrated only as a dull undertone, and electric fans whizzed away the heat of the summer afternoon, i learned more of the technique of the bottle industry.
each shape demanded by the trade requires a special mold, made of cast iron and cut according to the design submitted.
but when a firm places an order for bottles of a particular shape, or ones with lettering in relief on the glass, special molds must be made; and after the lot is finished the molds are useless till another order for that particular design comes in.
a few standard molds are made so that plates with lettering can be inserted for customers who want trademarks or firm names on their bottles; but the great majority of the lettered bottles have their own molds, made especially for them and unable to be used for any other lot.
all bottles are blown in molds; it is in the handling of the molten glass and the actual blowing that machinery has come to take the place of men in the glass industry.
the first type of machine to be developed was for blowing the bottle and finishing it, thus doing away with three of the six men formerly employed in making one bottle.
in appearance the bottle-blowing machine is merely two circular platforms, revolving in the same horizontal plane, each carrying five molds.
one of the platforms revolves close to the furnace door, and as each mold comes around it automatically opens and the gatherer draws from the furnace enough glass for the bottle which is being made at the time, and places it in the mold.
the mold closes, and the platform turns on, bringing around another mold to the gatherer.
meanwhile a nozzle has snapped down over the first mold, shaping the neck of the bottle, and beginning the blowing.
as the mold comes to a point diametrically opposite the furnace door it opens again, and a handler takes the blank, as the bottle is called at this stage, and places it in a mold on the second revolving platform.
this mold closes and compressed air blows out the bottle as the platform revolves.
as the mold comes around to the handler again it opens and the handler takes out the finished bottle, replacing it with a new blank drawn from the mold on the first platform.
this operation necessitates only three men--a gatherer, a handler, and a carrier-off.
it is also much faster than the old method--an average of about forty bottles per minute as against barely twenty.
a newer development of this machine does away with the gatherer.
a long rod of refractory clay is given a churning movement in the mouth of the furnace, forcing the molten glass thru a tube.
as enough glass for one bottle appears at the mouth of the tube a knife cuts the mass and the blob of glass falls into a trough which conveys it to the blank mold.
by an ingenious device the same trough is made to feed three or four machines at one time.
as many as fifty bottles a minute can be turned out by this combination blowing machine and feeder.
but the apotheosis of bottle-making is to be seen in another factory in the south jersey district.
here it is the boast of the superintendents that from the time the sand goes out of the freight cars in which it is brought to the plant till the finished bottle is taken by the packer, no human hand touches the product; and their statement is amply confirmed by a trip thru the plant.
the sand, coloring matter and cullet are in separate bins; an electrical conveyor takes enough of each for a batch to a mixing machine; from there the batch goes on a long belt to the furnace.
at the front of the furnace, instead of doors or mouths, is a revolving pan, kept level full with the molten glass.
outside the furnace revolves a huge machine with ten arms, each of which carries its own mold and blowpipe.
as each arm passes over the pan in the furnace the proper amount of glass is sucked into the mold by vacuum; the bottle is blown and shaped in the course of one revolution, and the mold, opening, drops the finished bottle into a rack which carries it to the lehr on a belt.
it passes thru the lehr to the packers; and as each rack is emptied of its bottles the packers place it again on the belt, which carries it up to the machine, where it collects its cargo of hot bottles and conducts it again thru the lehr.
the entire plant--mixing, feeding, actually making the bottles, delivery to the lehr, and packing--is synchronized exactly.
men unload the cars of sand--men pack the bottles.
the intermediate period is entirely mechanical.
the plant itself is as well lighted and ventilated as a department store, and except in the immediate vicinity of the furnace there is no heat felt above the daily temperature.
the machines average well over a bottle a second, and by an exceedingly clever arrangement of electrical recording appliances an accurate record of the output of each machine, as well as the temperatures of the furnaces and lehrs, is kept in the offices of the company.
the entire equipment is of the most modern, from the boilers and motors in the power-plant and producer-gas-plant to the packing platforms.
in addition, the plant boasts a complete machine shop where all the molds are made and the machines repaired.
it is a far cry from human lung-power to the super-efficient machinery of the new plants; but it is the logical progress of human events, applying to every product of man's hands, from battleships to--bottles.
there is great rejoicing over his victory, for the tribe of israel has been at its weakest.
but now comes payment of the price of conquest.
in the last act, the girl herself, young and beautiful, advances toward the altar on which fagots have been piled high.
in her hand is the lighted torch which is to kindle her own death fire.
the play takes on the aspect of an ancient religious ceremonial.
old men and women are in tears, moved by the sad history of their race, forgetful of the horror of human sacrifice in the intensity of their religious fervor.
such is the artistry of the piece; such the perfection of its production.
yet this is no professional performance, but the work of amateurs.
it is the opening night of the new community theatre of new york's densely populated east side.
it is but three stories high, built of light red brick, and finished with white marble.
all around garish millinery shops display their showy goods.
peddlers with pushcarts lit by flickering flames, vie with each other in their array of gaudy neckties and bargain shirtwaists.
blazing electric signs herald the thrills of movie shows.
and, salient by the force of extreme contrast, a plain little white posterboard makes its influence felt.
the misses irene and alice lewisohn of no.
it is their gift to the neighborhood, and symbolizes the culmination of a work which they have shared with the neighborhood's people.
it was the boys and girls of the settlement who performed in these pantomimes.
it was they who made the costumes, painted the necessary scenery, sang and danced.
and both daughters of the late leonard lewisohn were always interested and active in promoting this work.
out of it, in due time, there developed, quite naturally, a dramatic club.
that portion of the east side which surrounds the henry street settlement has seen many an invasion since the days when the dutch first ousted the indians.
english, quakers, scotch have come and gone, leaving traces more or less distinct.
the irish have given place to the italians, who have been replaced by the russians.
no hall could have held the audience which thronged to see this performance; no host of matine worshippers could have rivalled it in fervor of appreciation.
when the misses lewisohn, then, built their new playhouse in grand street, it was not with the intention of rousing, but rather of satisfying, an artistic demand among the people of the neighborhood.
and in the new home are to be continued all the varied activities of which the henry street settlement festival and dramatic clubs were but the centre.
it is to be a genuine community enterprise in which each boy and girl will have a share.
the young men will become familiar with all the handiwork of the theatre, the construction and handling of scenery, the electrical equipment and its varied uses.
it is a college with a very efficient and well-trained staff of professors.
mrs. sarah cowell le moyne, already well known as a teacher of elocution and acting, will be one of its members.
miss grace griswold, an experienced co-worker of the late augustine daly, will act as manager.
the pupils of this novel school are to have amusement as well as work.
the third floor has been planned to meet many more requirements than are usually considered in a theatre.
across the front runs a large rehearsal room, large enough to make a fine dance hall when occasion demands.
here, too, is a kitchenette which will be used to serve refreshments when social gatherings are in progress or when an over-long rehearsal tires out the cast.
in warm weather the flat-tiled roof will be used as a playground.
it will be the scene, too, of many open air performances.
the neighborhood playhouse has been open only a few weeks.
on the nights when the regular players do not appear the programme consists of motion pictures and music.
there is a charming informality and ease about these entertainments; there is also genuine art, and a whole-hearted appreciation on the part of the neighborhood's people.
the man in the car had jumped out, and was turning an animated, and aggressive, but not at all provoked, face on the complainer.
the aggressive one plunged into the connecticut woods and began his search for possible mosquito-breeding spots.
but he did not rest, and did not get enjoyment, for the mosquitoes had likewise leased his place on the sound and were making good their title.
came then big fat mosquitoes from the swamp.
some lighted on the owner's nose and some looked for his ankles, and found them.
three days of this sort of rest made him decide to move away.
then, because he was aggressive, he became the mosquito man.
the idea occurred to him when he had gone over to a distant island and was watching the building of houses.
one good rain will fill their little heaven with mosquitoes.
that night the mosquito man telephoned to a drainage expert in new york and demanded that he come out the next day.
the mosquito man now began to talk mosquitoes to every one who would listen and to many who did not want to listen.
the young women at the country club, whenever they saw him coming, made bets as to whether he would talk mosquitoes--and he always did.
every property-owner in the township was asked for a subscription, and some gave generously and some gave niggardly and some did not give at all.
the subscriptions were voluntary, for no one could be forced to remove a mosquito-breeding nuisance from his property.
the representative laughed, so the mosquito man spent several days explaining to him why property is more valuable when it is not infested with pests.
the representative did not laugh at this, but cabled the president in south america.
the draining now commenced, and the expert and the mosquito man were of the same stripe.
hammocks were swung out in the yards--and a hammock hung outside of the screens is the barometer of the mosquito condition.
the mosquito man was feeling very satisfied the night he went to a dance at the country club.
but the east wind blew in the mosquitoes from the norwalk marshes.
norwalk proved to be a much severer task than darien.
in darien the mosquito man had found only indifference and prejudice; in norwalk he met active opposition.
property owners and city councils seem to be afraid that the value of property will be brought down if any sanitation scandal is advertised.
it really appeared to be simpler and better business to ignore the fact.
to do away with this opposition, the mosquito man handled his campaign in a popular manner.
this was the article in which he gave the statistics of norwalk's health rate in comparison with other connecticut towns.
the smallest subscriptions were encouraged, for, after a man has given a dollar to a cause, that cause is his.
many a child was received with a welcoming smile when he brought to the campaign offices a ten-cent donation.
true, ten-cent donations were not suggested to adult contributors, and the mosquito man did much to induce the well-to-do citizens to subscribe according to their means.
he still tells with relish of the club of women which took up a collection, after his talk, and presented him with two dollars, in small change.
a large contributor to the fund was the monastery at kaiser island.
for years this had been a summer resort for the monks, who filled the dormitories in the old days before the mosquitoes took the island.
only one priest was there when the mosquito man visited the place to ask for a subscription.
the mosquitoes went; the monks came back to kaiser island.
this all happened three years ago, and now not a child in the twelve miles but can tell you all about mosquitoes and how a community can avoid having them.
the mosquito man is appreciated now, and the community understands what he has done for them and what he is still doing--for the contract merely drained the salt marshes, doing away with the salt-water mosquitoes.
there were still the fresh-water mosquitoes, and there was still much work for some one to do.
that some one has been the mosquito man.
during the three years, he has made it his business to drain every inland marsh within his territory, to turn over every tub which may collect water, to let the plug out of every old boat which is breeding mosquitoes, and to convince every ancestor-encumbered autocrat that his inherited woods can breed mosquitoes just as disastrously as do the tin cans of the hungarian immigrant down the road.
the mosquito man has an assistant, paid by the towns of darien and norwalk--and together they traverse the country.
you can find traces of the two men any place you go in the woods of darien or norwalk.
in a ferned dell where you are quite sure that yours is the first human presence, you come upon a ditch, as clean and smooth as a knife--or you find new grass in a place which you remember as a swamp.
perhaps you may even be lucky enough to come on the two workers themselves, digging with their pick and spade--for all summer long the mosquito man is working eight hours a day at his self-appointed task.
you might even find him in new york some off-day--and you will know him, for surely he will be telling some rebellious apartment-house owner that the tank on his roof is unscreened.
for they do say that he carries his activities into any part of the world where he may chance to be; they do say that, when he was in italy not so very long ago, he went out to investigate the mosquitoes which had disturbed his rest the night before.
that night there was no salad for dinner, for the innkeeper had obeyed the order to the best of his ability.
he had poured all of his best olive oil on the mosquito marsh.
you've got to know whether it standardizes production and marketing, or just markets by as many methods as there are producers.
as a living example of the possibility of tightening up and retiming the gears of a county's economic machinery to the end of cutting out power losses, niagara county, new york, stands in a distinct class by itself.
a network of electric and steam railways and hundreds of miles of splendid state highways make up a system of economic arteries through which the industrial life-blood of the county circulates.
forty-eight hours to chicago's markets, the same distance to new york's; three wealthy industrial and agricultural cities within the county itself--lockport, niagara falls and north tonawanda--operating with a wealth of cheap electric power generated at niagara falls--these are some of the advantages within and without the county, the value of which is self-evident.
beginning with the southern plain section, niagara's agriculture changes in type from general hay and grain farming to a more intense fruit-growing industry as the northern plain section is approached, until within the zone of lake ontario's tempering influence the fruit industry almost excludes all other types of farming.
there is hardly a more favored fruit section in the country than the northern half of niagara county.
apples, pears, peaches, plums, grapes, cherries, quinces make up the county's horticultural catalogue.
the latest available figures rank niagara county first among the counties of new york in the number of fruit trees; second in the total number of bushels of fruit produced; first in the quantity of peaches, pears, plums and prunes, quinces and cherries; third in the number of bushels of apples.
yet there are things about the county which no statistics will ever show, such things, for instance, as the condition of the orchards, the market value of the fruit, the earning capacity of the land as a whole--in other words, the bedrock rating of the county.
you have to get at these things by a different avenue of approach.
there is also a tendency toward extensive rather than intensive fruit growing, which has resulted in many large plantings being made.
new york is the national hotbed of farm-bureau enthusiasm and propaganda.
almost six years to the day after the inauguration of this bureau, i went into niagara county.
and before i left i was able to sketch a rather vivid mental picture of what a farm bureau really can do for a county, be the raw material with which it must work good, bad or indifferent.
up in the office of the niagara county farm bureau at lockport i waited some two hours for an interview with its manager, nelson r. peet.
three women clerks and stenographers and the assistant manager occupied this room.
the clerks were trying to typewrite, answer the continuous ringing of the phone, respond to buzzer summons from manager peet's private office and talk with a stream of visitors, all at the same time.
i spent two whole days and half a night in these offices and not once save at night was there a let-up in this sort of thing.
it was business all the time; the business of service!
niagara county farmers are using the bureau.
nelson peet, manager, is a spectacled human magneto.
his speech and his movements fairly crackle with energy; his enthusiasm is as communicable as a jump spark.
a young man in years, yet mature in the knowledge of men and the psychology of service, he never wastes a minute dilating upon the philosophy of farm management; but he has worked twenty hours a day to see that niagara county farmers got all the labor they needed during rush seasons.
this man has been with the bureau three years.
it led by a good margin, i was told, the fifty-five new york county farm bureaus.
more than half the farmers in niagara county are members of the niagara bureau.
when peet first took charge there were two broad courses open to him.
he might have planned a program of paternalistic propaganda in behalf of the farmers of the county.
the other course was to find out what the farms and farmers in the county needed most and then set to work with little ado to get those things.
and in so doing he has staged one of the best demonstrations in rural america.
he has shown that a farm bureau can be made into a county service station and actually become the hub of the county's agricultural activities.
with the aid of state-college men, one of peet's foremost lines of bureau work has been that of taking inventories of the farming business of niagara county.
group meetings are regularly held at the homes of the bureau's community committeemen.
here, with the records they have been keeping, the farmers assemble.
here they work out their own labor incomes and compare notes with their neighbors.
the farm bureau helps the men make these business analyses--it does not do the work for them.
now the farmers ask for the blank forms and are themselves as enthusiastic over farm-management records as the men who specialize in such.
these figures serve the bureau as an index to the county's progress.
more than once peet has referred to them and discovered where leaks could be plugged.
the answer in other highly specialized fruit sections seems to have been central packing houses.
we held a meeting, inviting one very influential fruit grower from each loading station in the county.
we showed charts of the farm-management records.
it didn't take long for the meeting to go on record as favoring the central-packing-house plan.
to make a long story short, sites and methods of financing these houses were worked out.
there were already two old central packing houses in operation.
all were incorporated and federated into a central parent association, which owns the brand adopted and makes the rules and regulations under which the fruit is packed.
in fact, the matter of selling has not been fostered from the farm-bureau office.
we have concerned ourselves solely with uniform grading and central packing.
we believed from the start that the selling of properly graded and packed fruit will take care of itself, and this stand has been justified.
the most satisfactory feature of this work centers round the fact that the best and most influential growers are heart and soul behind the proposition.
only two of the associations were more than one year old.
many of the associations were dickering for additional space for packing and for extensions for their refrigerator service.
other communities in niagara and in other counties were writing in for details of the plan, to the end of getting the same thing started in their sections.
and inquiries were coming in from states outside of new york.
too many seconds or culls will throw any orchard venture on the rocks of bankruptcy.
he noticed that though orchardists were following spraying schedules--the best they could find--some had splendid results in controlling apple scab and other pests, but others got results ranging between indifferent and poor.
this seemed paradoxical, in view of the fact that one man who followed the same spraying schedule as his neighbor would have more scabby apples than the other.
at that time l.f. strickland, orchard inspector for the state department of agriculture, had paid particular attention to a limited number of apple orchards in niagara county with a view to controlling scab by spraying.
he discovered that, though the average spraying calendar is all right, climatic conditions in different parts of the same county often upset these standard calculations, so that a difference of one day or even a few hours in time of spraying often meant the difference between success and failure.
in other words, it was necessary to study all contributing factors, watch the orchards unremittingly and then decide on the exact day or even hour when conditions were right for a successful spray treatment.
so mr. strickland, in conjunction with his regular work, kept an eagle eye on a few orchards and would notify the owners when it seemed the moment for spraying had come.
he put the idea up to the executive committee of the bureau.
the bureau didn't have the available funds.
it was february eighth when the committee gave me this decision.
he got the new members because he had a service to sell them.
arrangements were made whereby the county was divided into six zones, varying in soil and topographic conditions.
criterion orchards were selected in each zone.
the inspector, with the aid of daily telegraphic weather reports and through constant inspection of the criterion orchards, decided when the hour struck for the most effective spraying of these orchards.
in the meantime manager peet and the inspector had worked out a code system for spraying instructions and put this into the hands of the growers in the six zones.
when it came time to spray, the telephones from headquarters in lockport were put to work and the code message sent to certain orchardists; these in turn repeated the instructions to a number of other orchardists agreed upon, until every member had received the message.
it is paying for itself many times over.
one central packing house with nine grower members reports that eight of the members used the spraying service and that none of these had more than five per cent of their fruit to cull out.
the ninth member sprayed, but not through the service.
he culled forty-five per cent of his crop.
seeing how quickly he could get the support of the niagara farmers for any move which had practice and not theory to recommend it, manager peet next began to agitate for an improvement in city-marketing conditions in lockport.
likewise retail prices to consumers were chiefly regulated by the same standard.
he would stop at a grocery and offer them.
whereupon the man would drive on to see the next grocer.
the result would be that the farmer would get no better offer than six cents.
so manager peet joined hands with the lockport board of commerce and went at the job of righting this condition.
the nearest approach to a market was a shelter for teams which the local food dealers had rented.
and he used publicity among lockport's population of consumers, showing them the economy of such a move.
the farmers held a get-together meeting, decided on a location for a market in lockport, decided on market days and market hours.
after this the farm bureau got the city's common council to pass an ordinance prohibiting the huckstering of farm produce on the streets during market hours; also an ordinance setting the market hours, marking off a street section which should be used as a market stand, and putting the superintendent of streets in charge.
the local war-garden supervisor acted as inspector.
he looked over the produce, advised the farmers how to pack and display it, and used every energy in the direction of popularizing the market among producers and consumers alike.
between manager peet and the inspector a scheme was worked out whereby every thursday was bargain day in market.
they would get a certain number of farmers to agree to pack and offer for sale on those days a limited number of baskets of their finest tomatoes, say.
in the case of tomatoes the bargain price would be ten cents for baskets which that day were selling regularly for eighteen to twenty-five cents.
to each of these baskets--no farmer was asked to sacrifice more than ten--was attached a green tag noting that it was a bargain.
each bargain day was advertised in advance among lockport consumers.
thursday mornings would see an early rush to the market.
the bargains would be cleaned out and then business at normal prices would continue at a brisker rate than usual.
the first year of its operation this market was held on fifty-one days.
this simple move has resulted in stabilizing prices in lockport and has encouraged the bringing in of farm produce.
prices automatically regulate themselves.
if they begin to get too low in lockport, the supply in sight is immediately reduced through action by the producers in shipping the stuff to niagara falls or buffalo by motor trucks.
the distribution of lockport's milk supply, as happens in hundreds of cities, has been attended by considerable waste and expense as a result of duplication of delivery routes, breakage of bottles and uneconomic schedules.
the first night i was in lockport, manager peet was holding a meeting of the milk producers supplying the city for the purpose of settling this inequity once and for all.
a little agitation had been carried on ahead of this meeting, but only a little.
so last night we just about clinched our arrangement for having our city distributing system owned by the producers themselves.
in the past we have had eight distributors with fifteen wagons handling the milk supplied from fifty dairy farms.
there has been a big loss in time and money as a result of this competition.
we already have our limited liability corporation papers.
we're incorporating under the membership corporation law.
our organization comes under the amendment to the sherman antitrust law, you know, following closely the california law under which the california fruit growers' associations operate.
at first we thought it would be a good plan to have every member of the association subscribe to the amount proportioned by the number of cows he keeps or the amount of milk he has for sale.
but for several reasons this wouldn't work.
so we hit on the scheme of having each man subscribe to the amount he personally is able to finance.
we're issuing five-year certificates of indebtedness bearing six per cent interest.
we plan to deduct five per cent every month from these milk checks to pay off the certificates.
manager peet and the producers are making it perfectly plain to lockport consumers that this is no move contemplating price control.
in fact, they expect to sell milk for a cent a quart under the old price.
the farm-labor shortage which antedated our entrance into the war became a national menace about the time our selective draft began to operate.
new york farmers were as hard hit as any other farmers, particularly in the fruit sections, where a tremendous labor supply falls suddenly due at harvest time.
niagara county came in for its full share of this trouble and the niagara county farm bureau went its length to meet the emergency.
peet anticipated the crisis by converting the farm bureau into a veritable county labor department.
he was promised a good number of high-school boys who were to help in the peach harvest and who were to be cleared through a central office in buffalo.
manager peet worked out arrangements for the care of these boys in forty-two camps strategically located.
the camps were to accommodate thirty boys each.
the fruit was ripening on the trees, and the phones in the bureau offices were ringing their plating off with calls from frantic farmers.
peet didn't jump off a buffalo dock; he jumped out of his coat and into the fray.
he got a federal department of labor man to help him.
they plastered appeals for help all over western new york--on the walls of post offices, railroad stations, on boarding houses.
they worked on long-distance phones, the telegraph, the mails.
they hired trucks and brought city men and boys and women and girls from cities to work in the orchards over week-ends.
labor, attracted by the flaring posters, drifted into the bureau's offices in lockport and immediately was assigned to farms; and hundreds of laborers whom peet never saw also came.
business houses in the towns closed down and sent their help to the orchards.
this fall there will go into effect in new york state an amendment to its drainage law which is going to do more properly to drain the state than all the steam diggers that could have been crowded on its acres under former conditions.
this action came out of niagara county, through the farm bureau.
to realize the importance of drainage in this county one must remember that it lies in two levels broken by the ridge which forms the locks at lockport, the falls at niagara falls, and which extends across the county from east to west.
in each plateau the land is very level, there being but few places in the county having a difference in elevation of twenty feet within a radius of a mile.
good drainage is very necessary and in the past has been very hard to secure.
the plan went through, and one of the laws passed compels an objecting property owner to open drains which are necessary for the relief of his neighbors.
farmers are looking to the farm bureau for help in the cleaning and repairing of some sixty drainage ditches constructed in the past under the county-commissioner plan.
but the records on file in the county clerk's office are in bad shape.
the farm bureau has taken it upon itself to arrange all this material so that it is available on a minute's notice, and as a result has drawn up petitions to the supervisors for the cleaning out of three of these ditches.
cooperating with the new york state food commission, the farm bureau had a power-tractor ditcher placed in the county last summer.
peet placed his assistant in full charge, and the machine never lost a single day as a result of lack of supervision.
for four years niagara county farmers had not made expenses in growing tomatoes for the canneries.
the farm bureau called a meeting of some fourteen growers and together they figured the cost of production.
the average crop was set at six tons to the acre.
a joint committee went out of the conference and laid these facts before the canners.
these are some outstanding features of the service rendered its farmers by the niagara bureau.
effecting an interchange of livestock and seed.
assisting in organizing liberty loan campaigns, especially the third.
assisting in the delivery of twenty carloads of feed, fertilizer, farm machinery and barrels, which had been delayed.
the best feature of the handling of this publication is that it costs neither bureau nor members a cent.
the advertisements from local supply dealers pay for it, and two pages of ads in each issue settles the bill.
the bureau's books show that last year it spent five dollars in serving each member.
the difference comes from federal, state and county appropriations.
the success of this bureau comes from having at the head of it the right man with the right view of what a farm bureau should do.
peet's policy has been to keep the bureau not only before the farmers but before the city people as well.
the niagara falls and tonawanda chambers of commerce get together with the lockport chamber and the farm bureau and talk over problems of inter-county importance.
these conferences have worked out a unified plan for road development, for instance.
the niagara farm bureau helped the niagara falls city administration to secure the services of a federal market inspector.
in this way all rivalry between different sections and towns in niagara county is freed of friction.
about the only criticism i heard against the farm bureau of niagara county was that peet was the wrong man.
but some of the best members hinted that peet will not stay because he's just a bit too efficient.
they seem to fear that some business corporation is going to get him away.
and when you look over the record of his work as organizer and executive, you must admit there's something in this.
interior of the tunnel through which the water is pumped.
the city chemist spoke the one significant word as he set down the test tube into which he had been gazing intently.
every morning, as the first task of the day, the city chemist uncorks a curious little crooked tube containing a few spoonsful of very ordinary bouillon, akin to that which you might grab at the quick lunch, but which has been treated by the admixture of a chemical.
this tube begins in a bulb which holds the fluid and terminates in an upturned crook sealed at the end.
into this interesting little piece of apparatus, the chemist pours a small quantity of the city drinking water, and he then puts the whole into an incubator where it is kept at a temperature favorable to the reactions which are expected if the water is contaminated.
after a sufficient time the tube is inspected.
the bouillon still remains in the little bulb apparently unchanged.
its color and clearness have not been affected.
but the chemist notices that it does not stand so high in the closed end of the tube as it did when placed in the incubator.
the observation seems trivial, but to the man of science it is significant.
the water contained some minute organisms which when acted upon by the chemical in the tube have set up a fermentation.
gradually, one by one in the little bulb, bubbles of gas have formed and risen to the surface of the liquid in the closed upper end of the tube.
as this gas was liberated, it took the place of the liquid in the tube, and the liquid was forced downward until there was quite a large space, apparently vacant but really filled with gas.
it was this phenomenon that had attracted the attention of the chemist.
it was the evidence that the water which was being furnished to the city for half a million people to drink contained some living organism.
now that, in itself, was enough to make an official of the health department begin to take an interest.
it was not, however, in itself a danger signal.
not all bacterial life is a menace to health, the chemist will tell you.
indeed, humanity has come to live on very peaceable terms with several thousand varieties of bacteria and to be really at enmity with but a score or more.
without the beneficent work of a certain class of bacteria the world would not be habitable.
this comes about through a very interesting, though rather repulsive condition--the necessity of getting rid of the dead to make room for the living.
what would be the result if no provision had been made for the disintegration of the bodies of all the men and animals that have inhabited the earth since the beginning?
but very wisely providence has provided that myriads and myriads of tiny creatures are ever at work breaking up worn-out and dead animal matter and reducing it to its original elements.
these elements are taken up by plant life, elaborated into living vegetable growth and made fit again for the nourishment of animal life, thus completing the marvelous cycle.
and so we must not get the notion that all bacteria are our mortal foes.
we could not live without them, and our earth, without their humble services, would no longer be habitable.
neither need we fear the presence of bacterial life in our drinking water.
drinking water always contains bacteria.
we, ourselves, even when in the best of health, are the hosts of millions upon millions of them, and it is fair to suppose that they serve some useful purpose.
at any rate, it has never been demonstrated that they do us any harm under normal conditions.
and so, the chemist was not alarmed when he discovered that the formation of gas in his crooked tube gave indication of bacteria in the drinking water.
he must ascertain what type of bacteria he had entrapped.
to this end, he analyzed the gas, and when he determined that the fermentation was due to the presence of colon bacilli in the water, he sent out his warning.
not that the colon bacilli are a menace to health.
the body of every human being in the world is infested with millions of them.
but the presence of colon bacilli in drinking water is an indication of the presence of a really dangerous thing--sewage.
he did not fear the thing that he saw, but the thing that he knew might accompany it.
there has been much discussion of late of the possibility that the great lakes cities may suffer a water famine.
the rapid increase of population along the borders of these great seas, it has been said, might render the water unfit for use.
this fear is based upon the assumption that we shall always continue the present very foolish practice of dumping our sewage into the source of our water supply.
the time may come when we shall know better how to protect the public health and at the same time husband the public resources.
but even at that, the city chemist says that he hardly expects to see the time when the present intake for water near the head of belle isle will not be both safe and adequate.
no doubt he makes this statement because he has confidence that the purification of water is both simple and safe.
the first, and most expensive, is nature's own--the filter.
the application of this method is comparatively simple though it involves considerable expense.
the trick was learned from the hillside spring which, welling up through strata of sand and gravel, comes out pure and clear and sparkling.
to make spring water out of lake water, therefore, it is merely necessary to excavate a considerable area to the desired depth and lead into it the pipes connected with the wells from which water is to be pumped.
then the pit is filled with successive layers of crushed stone graduated in fineness to the size of gravel and then covered with a deep layer of fine sand.
this area is then flooded with the water to be filtered, which slowly percolates and comes out clear and pure.
the best results in purification of contaminated water supplies have probably been attained in this way; that is, as measured by the improvement of health and the general reduction of the death rate from those diseases caused by the use of contaminated water.
but when the alarm was given this spring by the city chemist there was no time to excavate and build an extensive filtering plant.
the dreaded typhoid was already making its appearance and babies were dying.
if some afternoon you take a stroll through gladwin park your attention may be attracted to a little white building at the lower end of the settling basin.
it is merely a temporary structure yet it is serving a very important purpose.
approach the open door and your nostrils will be greeted by a pungent odor that may make you catch your breath.
the workmen, too, you will notice, do not stay long within doors, but take refuge in a little shelter booth outside.
strewn about here and there are traces of a white, powdery substance which seems to have been tracked down from a platform erected on the roof.
this is hypochlorite of lime, the substance used for sterilizing the city drinking water.
this is so powerful a disinfectant that it destroys all bacteria in water even in an extremely dilute solution.
the method of applying it is interesting.
the little chlorinating plant is situated on the line of this tunnel so that the solution is readily introduced into the water before it reaches the pool called a settling basin.
these are carried up to the roof and poured into the first mixing tank through a hopper fixed for the purpose.
there are within the building four of these mixing tanks.
in the first, up near the roof, a very strong solution is first made.
this is drawn off into a second tank with a greater admixture of water and thence passes into the third and fourth.
from the last it is forced out into the main tunnel by a pipe and mingles with the great flood that is pouring constantly into the wells beneath pumping engines.
and this is the strength of the chemical: five pounds of it mingled with one million gallons of water is sufficient to render the water fit for drinking purposes.
indeed, probably very few of the citizens of detroit who are using the city water all the time, know that the treatment is being applied.
but the chemist continues his tests every morning.
thus is the city's water supply guarded.
no more important work can devolve on the board of health.
before science had learned to recognize the tiny enemies which infest drinking water, typhoid and kindred diseases were regarded as a visitation of divine providence for the sins of a people.
we now know that a rise in the death rate from these diseases is to be laid rather to the sins of omission on the part of the board of health and the public works department.
the patient was under fifty years of age, though the deep lines in his face, with his whitening hair--consequences of the assiduity with which he had devoted himself to the accumulation of his millions and his position in the directory of directors--made him appear ten years older.
you have been thinking a great deal too much about yourself and your feelings.
you watch with morbid interest the perverted sensations that arise in various parts of your body.
you grow apprehensive about the palpitation of your heart, which is not at all diseased, but which flutters a little from time to time because the great nerve of the heart is tired, like the other great nerves and nerve-centers of your body.
the capitalist had started at the mention of the word neurasthenia, and had seemed much relieved when the physician had declared that the symptoms were not dangerous.
in my opinion, it is rather an unequally distributed multiple fatigue.
certain more vulnerable portions of the nervous system are affected, while the remainder is normal.
in the brain we have an overworked area which, irritated, gives rise to an apprehension or imperative idea.
by concentration of energy in some other region of the brain, by using the normal portions, we give this affected part an opportunity to rest and recuperate.
new occupations are therefore substituted for the old habitual one.
the mind needs feeding as well as the body.
the rest cure is a kind of passive, relaxing, sedative treatment.
the field is allowed to lie fallow, and often to grow up with weeds, trusting to time to rest and enrich it.
the 'exercise and occupation cure,' on the other hand, is an active, stimulating, and tonic prescription.
you place yourself in the hands of a physician who must direct the treatment.
he will lay out a scheme with a judicious admixture of exercise which will improve your general health, soothe your nervous system, induce good appetite and sleep, and of occupation which will keep your mind from morbid self-contemplation.
one of the best means to this end is manual occupation--drawing, designing, carpentry, metal-work, leather-work, weaving, basket-making, bookbinding, clay-modeling, and the like--for in all these things the hands are kept busy, requiring concentration of attention, while new interests of an artistic and sthetic nature are aroused.
the capitalist had called upon the specialist braced for a possible sentence of death, prepared at the least to be informed that he was suffering from a progressive mental malady.
now, while a tremendous weight was lifted from his mind with the information that he might anticipate a complete return to health, the idea of devoting his trained intelligence, accustomed to cope with great problems of trade and finance, to such trivialities as basket-making or modeling in clay appeared preposterous.
nevertheless, when the physician told him of a resort near at hand, established for the treatment of cases just such as his, where he might be under continuous medical supervision, without confinement indoors or being deprived of any of the comforts or luxuries of life, he decided to put himself in the other's hands unreservedly.
the specialist informed him that the length of time required for his cure would depend largely upon himself.
he might, for instance, even keep in touch with his office and have matters of import referred to him while he was recuperating his mental and physical strength, but such a course would inevitably retard his recovery, and possibly prevent it.
to get the best results from the treatment he ought to leave every business interest behind him, he was told.
the fee that the capitalist paid the specialist made his advice so valuable that the other followed it absolutely.
he arrived just in time to sit down to dinner with a score of other patients, not one of whom showed any outward sign of illness, though all were taking the cure for some form of nervous trouble.
there were no cases of insanity among them, however, none being admitted to the institution under any circumstances.
the dinner was simple and abundant, and the conversation at the tables of a lively and cheerful nature.
as everybody went to bed by ten o'clock--almost every one considerably before that hour, in fact--the newcomer did likewise, he having secured a suite with a bath in the main building.
somewhat to the surprise of the capitalist, who was accustomed to be made much of wherever he happened to be, no more attention was paid to him than to any other guest of the establishment, a condition of affairs that happened to please him.
the capitalist had a bad night, and was up to breakfast early.
after he had concluded that repast the medical superintendent showed him about the place, but did not encourage him to talk about his symptoms.
the main building, situated on a knoll adjacent to a grove of evergreen trees, contained a great solarium, which was the favorite sitting-room of the patients, and the dining-room was also finished with two sides of glass, both apartments capable of being thrown open in warm weather, and having the advantage of all the sun there was in winter.
in this building were also the medical offices, with a clinical laboratory and hydro- and electro-therapeutic equipment, and accommodations for from twelve to fifteen guests.
two bungalows under the trees of the apple orchard close at hand, one containing two separate suites with baths, and the other two living-rooms with hall and bath-room, were ideal places for quiet and repose.
situated at the entrance to the grounds was a club-house, with a big sitting-room and an open fireplace; it also contained a solarium, billiard-room, bowling alleys, a squash court, a greenhouse for winter floriculture, and the arts and crafts shops, with seven living-rooms.
every living-room in the main building, the club-house, and the bungalows was connected with the medical office by telephone, so that in case of need patients might immediately secure the services of a physician at any hour of the day or night.
here he found his fellow-patients busily and apparently congenially employed.
in one of the shops a recent alumnus of one of the leading universities, who had undergone a nervous breakdown after graduation, was patiently hammering a sheet of brass with a view to converting it into a lampshade; a matron of nearly sixty, who had previously spent eight years in sanatoriums, practically bedridden, was setting type in the printing office with greater activity than she had known before for two decades; two girls, one sixteen and the other twelve, the latter inclined to hysteria and the former once subject to acute nervous attacks, taking the cure in charge of trained nurses, were chattering gayly over a loom in the construction of a silk rug; a prominent business man from a western city, like the new york capitalist broken down from overwork, was earnestly modeling in clay what he hoped might eventually become a jardiniere; one of last season's debutantes among the fashionables, who had been leading a life of too strenuous gayety that had told on her nerves, was constructing a stamped leather portfolio with entire absorption; and half a dozen others, mostly young women, were engaged at wood-carving, bookbinding, block-printing, tapestry weaving, or basket-making, each one of them under treatment for some nervous derangement.
the new patient decided to try his hand at basket-making; and, although he figured out that it would take him about four days to turn out a product that might sell for ten cents, he was soon so much interested in mastering the manual details of the craft that he was disinclined to put the work aside when the medical superintendent suggested a horseback ride.
when, at the advice of the specialist, the capitalist had decided to try the occupation and exercise cure, he did so with little faith that it would restore him to health, though he felt that there was perhaps a slight chance that it might help him.
the remedy seemed to him too simple to overcome a disease that was paralyzing his energies.
to his great surprise, he began to improve at once; and though for the first week he got little sleep, and his dizziness, with the pain in the back of his neck and his apprehensions, continued to recur for weeks, they did so at always increasing intervals.
he learned bookbinding, and sent to his library for some favorite volumes, and put them into new dress; he made elaborate waste-paper baskets, and beat brass into ornamental desk-trays, which he proudly presented to his friends in the city as specimens of his skill.
work with him, as with the others of the patients, was continually varied by recreation.
in the summer months there were lawn-tennis, golf, croquet, canoeing, rowing, fishing, riding, and driving.
in winter, such outdoor sports as skating, tobogganing, coasting, skeeing, snowshoeing, and lacrosse were varied by billiards, bowling, squash, the medicine ball, and basket and tether ball.
the capitalist was astonished to discover that he could take an interest in games.
complete cures were effected in the cases of the other patients also, which is the less remarkable when the circumstance is taken into consideration that only patients capable of entire recovery are recommended to take the treatment.
contrary to the general opinion, neurasthenia, particularly among women, is not confined to the moneyed and leisure class; but, owing to the fact that women have taken up the work of men in offices and trades as well as in many of the professions, working-women are continually breaking down under nervous strain, and many, under present conditions, have little chance for recovery, because they cannot afford the proper treatment.
scientists declare that this premature collapse of nerve force is increasing to such an extent as to become a positive menace to the general welfare.
the struggle for existence among the conditions of modern life, especially among those found in the large centers of industrial and scientific activity, and the steady, persistent work, with its attendant sorrows, deprivations, and over-anxiety for success, are among the most prolific causes--causes which are the results of conditions from which, for the large mass of people, according to a leading new york alienist, there has been no possibility of escape.
the lack of proper training deprives many of the workers, in all branches, of the best protection against functional nervous diseases which any person can have, namely, a well-trained nervous system.
this struggle for existence by the congenital neuropath or the educationally unfit forces many to the use, and then to the abuse, of stimulants and excitants, and herein we have another important exciting cause.
this early and excessive use of coffee, tea, alcohol, and tobacco is especially deleterious in its action upon the nervous system of those very ones who are most prone to go to excess in their use.
authors, actors, school-teachers, governesses, telegraph and telephone operators, are among those most frequently affected, and the increase of neurasthenia among women dates from the modern era which has opened to them new channels of work and has admitted them more generally into the so-called learned professions.
but whatever may be the occupation in which persons have broken down, it is never the occupation alone which has been the cause.
the emotional fitness or unfitness of an individual for his occupation is of the utmost importance as a causative factor, and overwork alone, without any emotional cause and without any errors in mode of life, will never act to produce such a collapse.
it is therefore not astonishing that this class of functional nervous diseases is not confined to the wealthy, and that the rich and the poor are indiscriminately affected.
but certain causes are of greater influence in the one class, while different ones obtain in the other.
poverty in itself, with its limitations of proper rest and recuperation, is a very positive cause.
such a change alone, however, the experts say, will help but few, for it is being recognized more and more that these functional diseases of the nervous system can receive satisfactory treatment only in institutions, where constant attention may be had, with expert supervision and trained attendants.
the colony is named after the late oscar craig, of rochester, who, with william p. letchworth, of buffalo, purchased the two-thousand-acre tract of land on which it is situated from the shaker colony at sonyea and presented it to the state, dr. peterson devoting several months of each year for nine years to getting the institution into working order.
the first patients were housed in the old shaker buildings, which were well constructed and fairly well arranged for the purpose, but as additional applications for admission have been made new buildings have been erected.
to-day there are eighty buildings in the colony, but a thousand patients are waiting for admission, eight hundred of whom are in new york city.
an epileptic in a family is an almost intolerable burden to its other members, as well as to himself.
the temperamental effect of the disease takes the form in the patient of making frequent and unjust complaints, and epileptics invariably charge some one with having injured them while they have been unconscious during an attack.
then, too, living at home, they are often dangerous to younger members of a family, and they are fault-finding, exacting, and irritable generally.
the seizures frequently come on without warning, and the patient drops where he stands, often injuring himself severely.
the last annual report of the craig colony records more than four hundred injuries within the year to patients during seizures which required a surgeon's attention, the injuries varying from severe bruises to fractures of the skull.
the object of the craig colony is to remove the burden of the epileptic in the family from the home without subjecting the patient to the hardship of confinement with the insane.
only from six to fifteen per cent of epileptics are curable, and hence the work of the craig colony is largely palliative of the sufferings of the patients.
each individual case is studied with the utmost care, however, and patients are given their choice of available occupations.
the colony is not a custodial institution.
there are no bars on the windows, no walls or high fences about the farm.
the patients are housed in cottages, men and women in separate buildings some distance apart, about thirty to each cottage.
in charge of each of these families are a man and his wife, who utilize the services of some of the patients in the performance of household work, while the others have their duties outside.
kindness to the unfortunates under their care is impressed upon every employee of the colony, and an iron-bound rule forbids them to strike a patient even in case of assault.
besides the agricultural work in the craig colony, and that in the soap and broom factories and the brick-yard, the patients are taught blacksmithing, carpentry, dressmaking, tailoring, painting, plumbing, shoemaking, laundrying, and sloyd work.
it is insisted on that all patients physically capable shall find employment as a therapeutic measure.
the records show that on sundays and holidays and on rainy days, when there is a minimum of physical activity among the patients, their seizures double and sometimes treble in number.
few of the patients know how to perform any kind of labor when they enter the colony, but many of them learn rapidly.
it has been repeatedly demonstrated that boys from eighteen to twenty years of age can spend two years in the sloyd shop and leave it fully qualified as cabinet-makers, and capable of earning a journeyman's wages.
there are about two hundred children in the colony of epileptics at sonyea, more than half of whom are girls.
as children subject to epileptic seizures are not received in the public schools of the state, the only opportunity for any education among these afflicted little ones whose parents are unable to teach them themselves or provide private tutors for them is in the schools of the colony.
some of the children are comparatively bright scholars, while the attempt to teach others seems a hopeless task.
for instance, it took one girl ninety days to learn to lay three sticks in the form of a letter a.
every effort is made to encourage recreation among the patients in the craig colony, both children and adults.
the boys have their baseball and football, and play match games among themselves or with visiting teams.
the women and girls play croquet, tennis, and other outdoor games.
there is a band composed of patients that gives a concert once a week, and there are theatricals and dancing, with occasional lectures by visiting celebrities.
since the founding of the craig colony similar institutions have been established in massachusetts, texas, michigan, ohio, new jersey, pennsylvania, illinois, and kansas, and other states are preparing to follow their example.
there are other private sanatoriums throughout the country similar to the one in westchester county, where the nervous or neurasthenic patient who is well-to-do may obtain relaxation and supervision, but there is no place at all to-day where the man or woman suffering from curable nervous disorders who is without means can go for treatment.
in the great square of the brennan torpedo factory at gillingham, where the fighting-tops of battleships in the adjacent dockyard poise above the stone coping of the wall, there was a track laid down in a circle of a quarter of a mile.
switches linked it up with other lengths of track, a straight stretch down to a muddy cape of the medway estuary, and a string of curves and loops coiling among the stone and iron factory sheds.
and then, from its home behind the low, powder-magazine-like sheds, there rode forth a strange car, the like of which was never seen before.
it was painted the businesslike slatyblue gray of the war department.
it was merely a flat platform, ten feet wide by forty feet long, with a steel cab mounted on its forward end, through the windows of which one could see a young engineer in tweeds standing against a blur of moving machine-parts.
it ran on the single rail; its four wheels revolved in a line, one behind another; and it traveled with the level, flexible equilibrium of a ship moving across a dock.
it swung over the sharp curves without faltering, crossed the switch, and floated--floated is the only word for the serene and equable quality of its movement--round and round the quarter-mile circle.
a workman boarded it as it passed him, and sat on the edge with his legs swinging, and its level was unaltered.
it seemed to abolish the very principle of gravitation; it contradicted calmly one's most familiar instincts.
every one knows the sense one gains at times while watching an ingenious machine at its work--a sense of being in the presence of a living and conscious thing, with more than the industry, the pertinacity, the dexterity, of a man.
there was a moment, while watching brennan's car, when one had to summon an effort of reason to do away with this sense of life; it answered each movement of the men on board and each inequality in the makeshift track with an adjustment of balance irresistibly suggestive of consciousness.
it was an illustration of that troublous theorem which advances that consciousness is no more than the co-relation of the parts of the brain, and that a machine adapted to its work is as conscious in its own sphere as a mind is in its sphere.
the car backed round the track, crossed to the straight line, and halted to take us aboard.
there were about forty of us, yet it took up our unequally distributed weight without disturbance.
the young engineer threw over his lever, and we ran down the line.
we passed beyond the sheds and slid along a narrow spit of land thrusting out into the mud-flanked estuary.
men on lighters and a working-party of bluejackets turned to stare at the incredible machine with its load.
then back again, three times round the circle, and in and out among the curves, always with that unchanging stateliness of gait.
as we spun round the circle, she leaned inward like a cyclist against the centrifugal pull.
she needs no banking of the track to keep her on the rail.
a line of rails to travel on, and ground that will carry her weight--she asks no more.
with these and a clear road ahead, she is to abolish distance and revise the world's schedules of time.
in the back of the cab were broad unglazed windows, through which one could watch the tangle of machinery.
dynamos are bolted to the floor, purring under their shields like comfortable cats; abaft of them a twenty-horse-power wolseley petrol-engine supplies motive power for everything.
and above the dynamos, cased in studded leather, swinging a little in their ordered precession, are the two gyroscopes, the soul of the machine.
of all machines in the world, the gyroscope is the simplest, for, in its essential form, it is no more than a wheel revolving.
but a wheel revolving is the vehicle of many physical principles, and the sum of them is that which is known as gyroscopic action.
it is seen in the ordinary spinning top, which stands erect in its capacity of a gyroscope revolving horizontally.
the apparatus that holds brennan's car upright, and promises to revolutionize transportation, is a top adapted to a new purpose.
it is a gyroscope revolving in a perpendicular plane, a steel wheel weighing three quarters of a ton and spinning at the rate of three thousand revolutions to the minute.
now, the effect of gyroscopic action is to resist any impulse that tends to move the revolving wheel out of the plane in which it revolves.
this resistance can be felt in a top; it can be felt much more strongly in the beautiful little gyroscopes of brass and steel that are sold for the scientific demonstration of the laws governing revolving bodies.
such a one, only a few inches in size, will develop a surprising resistance.
this resistance increases with the weight of the wheel and the speed at which it moves, till, with brennan's gyroscopes of three quarters of a ton each, whirling in a vacuum at three thousand revolutions per minute, it would need a weight that would crush the car into the ground to throw them from their upright plane.
the occasion of that article was the exhibition of brennan's model mono-rail car before the royal society and in the grounds of his residence at gillingham.
for a clear understanding of the first full-sized car, it may be well to recapitulate a few of the characteristics of the gyroscope.
when brennan made his early models, he found that, while the little cars would remain upright and run along a straight rail, they left the track at the first curve.
the gyroscope governed their direction as well as their equilibrium.
it was the first check in the evolution of the perfect machine.
it was over ten years before he found the answer to the problem--ten years of making experimental machines and scrapping them, of filing useless patents, of doubt and persistence.
but the answer was found--in the spinning top.
a spinning top set down so that it stands at an angle to the floor will right itself; it will rise till it stands upright on the point of equal friction.
brennan's resource, therefore, was to treat his gyroscope as a top.
he enclosed it in a case, through which its axles projected, and at each side of the car he built stout brackets reaching forth a few inches below each end of the axle.
when the car came to a curve, the centrifugal action tended to throw it outward; the side of the car that was on the inside of the curve swung up and the bracket touched the axle of the gyroscope.
forthwith, in the manner of its father, the top, the gyroscope tried to stand upright on the bracket; all the weight of it and all its wonderful force were pressed on that side of the car, holding it down against the tendency to rise and capsize.
the thing was done; the spinning top had come to the rescue of its posterity.
it only remained to fit a double gyroscope, with the wheels revolving in opposite directions, and, save for engineering details, the mono-rail car was evolved.
through the window in the back of the cab i was able to watch them at then; work--not the actual gyroscopes, but their cases, quivering with the unimaginable velocity of the great wheels within, turning and tilting accurately to each shifting weight as the men on board moved here and there.
above them were the glass oilcups, with the opal-green engine-oil flushing through them to feed the bearings.
lubrication is a vital part of the machine.
let that fail, and the axles, grinding and red-hot, would eat through the white metal of the bearings as a knife goes through butter.
it is a thing that has been foreseen by the inventor: to the lubricating apparatus is affixed a danger signal that would instantly warn the engineer.
suggests a reporter--with visions of headlines, perhaps.
on the short track at gillingham there are no gradients to show what the car can do in the way of climbing, but here again the inventor is positive.
she will run up a slope as steep as one in six, he says.
there is no reason to doubt him; the five-foot model that he used to exhibit could climb much steeper inclines, run along a rope stretched six feet above the ground, or remain at rest upon it while the rope was swung to and fro.
it would do all these things while carrying a man; and, for my part, i am willing to take brennan's word.
louis brennan himself was by no means the least interesting feature of the demonstration.
he has none of the look of the visionary, this man who has gone to war with time and space; neither had george stephenson.
he is short and thick-set, with a full face, a heavy moustache hiding his mouth, and heavy eyebrows.
he is troubled a little with asthma, which makes him somewhat staccato and breathless in speech, and perhaps also accentuates the peculiar plaintive quality of his irish voice.
there is nothing in his appearance to indicate whether he is thirty-five or fifty-five.
as a matter of fact, he is two years over the latter age, but a man ripe in life, with that persistence and belief in his work which is to engineers what passion is to a poet.
the technicalities of steel and iron come easily off his tongue; they are his native speech, in which he expresses himself most intimately.
all his life he has been concerned with machines.
he is the inventor of the brennan steerable torpedo, whose adoption by the admiralty made him rich and rendered possible the long years of study and experiment that went to the making of the mono-rail car.
he has a touch of the rich man's complacency; it does not go ill with his kindly good humor and his single-hearted pride in his life work.
it is characteristic, i think, of his honesty of purpose and of the genius that is his driving force that hitherto he has concerned himself with scientific invention somewhat to the exclusion of the commercial aspects of his contrivance.
he has had help in money and men from the british government, which likewise placed the torpedo factory at his disposal; and the governments of india and--of all places--kashmir have granted him subsidies.
railroad men from all parts of the world have seen his model; but he has not been ardent in the hunt for customers.
perhaps that will not be necessary; the mono-rail car should be its own salesman; but, in the meantime, it is not amiss that a great inventor should stand aloof from commerce.
but, for all the cheerful matter-of-factness of the man, he, too, has seen visions.
men are to travel then on a single rail, in great cars like halls, two hundred feet long, thirty to forty feet wide, whirling across continents at two hundred miles an hour--from new york to san francisco between dawn and dawn.
these cars, equipped like a hotel, will sweep along with the motion of an ice-yacht.
they will not jolt over uneven places, or strain to mount the track at curves; in each one, the weariless gyroscopes will govern an unchanging equilibrium.
trustful kashmir will advance from its remoteness to a place accessible from anywhere.
streetcar lines will no longer be a perplexity to paving authorities and anathema to other traffic; a single rail will be flush with the ground, out of the way of hoofs and tires.
automobiles will run on two wheels like a bicycle.
it is to be a mono-rail world, soothed and assured by the drone of gyroscopes.
by that time the patient ingenuity of inventors and engineers will have found the means to run the gyroscopes at a greater speed than is now possible, thus rendering it feasible to use a smaller wheel.
it is a dream based on good, solid reasoning, backed by a great inventor's careful calculations; h.g.
wells has given a picture of it in the last of his stories of the future.
practical railroad men have given to the mono-rail car a sufficiently warm welcome.
they have been impressed chiefly by its suitability to the conditions of transportation in the great new countries, as, for instance, on that line of railway that is creeping north from the zambesi to open up the copper deposits of northwestern rhodesia, and on through central africa to its terminus at cairo.
just such land as this helped to inspire brennan.
he was a boy when he first saw the endless plains of australia, and out of that experience grew his first speculations about the future of railway travel.
such lands make positive and clear demands, if ever they are to be exploited for their full value to humanity.
they need railways quickly laid and cheaply constructed; lines not too exacting in point of curves and gradients; and, finally, fast travel.
it is not difficult to see how valuable the mono-rail would have been in such an emergency as the last sudan war, when the army dragged a line of railway with it down toward omdurman.
petrol-driven cars to replace the expensive steam locomotives, easy rapid transit instead of the laborious crawl through the stifling desert heat--a complete railway installation, swiftly and cheaply called into being, instead of a costly and cumbersome makeshift.
the car went back to her garage, or engine-shed, or stable, or whatever the railway man of the future shall decide to call it.
struts were pulled into position to hold her up, the motors were switched off, and the gyroscopes were left to run themselves down in forty-eight hours or so.
when the mono-rail comes into general use, explained brennan, there will be docks for the cars, with low brick walls built to slide under the platforms and take their weight.
while his guests assembled in a store-shed to drink champagne and eat sandwiches, he produced a big flat book, sumptuously bound, and told us how his patents were being infringed on in germany.
on that same day there was an exhibition of a mono-rail car on the brennan principle taking place at the zological gardens in berlin; the book was its catalogue.
it was full of imaginative pictures of trains fifty years hence, and thereto was appended sanguine letter-press.
while there sounded in our ears the hum of the gyroscopes from the car housed in the rear, i translated one paragraph for him.
it was to the effect that one brennan, an englishman, had conducted experiments with gyroscopes ten years ago, but the matter had gone no further.
men in shirt-sleeves and women with babies sat on the steps for a breath of air, and the streets were a noisy welter of children.
two of the most enthusiastic girls in the women's trade union league stopped before the group silhouetted in the gaslight at no.
mike ryan ran his fingers through his stubby crop with a puzzled air.
so mike belonged to the long, long glad-hand line.
that was the way the girls sized up mike ryan.
didn't i hear your wife tellin' what with the hard times an' all, you'd be puttin' briddie in the mill this winter as soon as ever she's turned fourteen?
wouldn't you rather they worked her nine hours a day instead o' ten--such a soft little kid with such a lot o' growin' to do?
there's a lot of us goin' to fight for a nine-hour bill for the women and children this winter, an' do you think a manufacturers' representative, like troy, is goin' to help us?
see how he's fought the employees' interests in the legislature!
and the two girls went on to the next tenement.
they had the whole district organized on the block system, and they went over each block house by house.
st. louis is essentially a conservative city.
first, it was an old french town; then a southern town; then a german tradesman's town.
with such strata superimposed one above the other, it could hardly be other than conservative.
in addition, st. louis was crippled in the war between the states.
in the 'eighties, this old french-southern-german city began to recover from the ruin of her southern trade.
little by little she took heart, for the great southwest was being settled.
there was a new field in which to build up trade.
there has been a rapid growth of industry.
the old southern city has become a soft-coal factory center.
a pall of smoke hangs over the center of the city where the factories roar and pound.
in the midst of this gloom the workfolk are creating rivers of beer, carloads of shoes and woodenware, millions of garments and bags, and the thousand and one things necessary to fill the orders of hundreds of traveling salesmen in the southwest territory--and in the south, too, for st. louis is winning back some of her old-time trade.
and the toil of their lifting hands and flying fingers has wrought a golden age for the men who control the capital and the tools.
the men who manage have been shaking hands in their clubs for the past decade and congratulating themselves and each other over their drinks.
no mushroom real-estate booms, you know, but a big, steady growth.
new plants starting every month and the old ones growing.
then, when we get our deep waterway, that's going to be another big shove toward prosperity.
look at our handsome houses and clubs and public buildings.
never was anything like our world's fair in the history of men--never!
thus the money-makers in this heavy german town.
but what about the employees--the clerks and the factory workers?
for the people at the bottom of the ladder--for the people who tend machines, dig ditches, and stand behind the notion counter--st. louis is a smoky town, where people have gray lungs instead of pink; a town where franchise grabbing and an antiquated system of taxation have their consequence of more than new york city rents.
a town whose slums, says lee frankel, are the worst in the country.
a town where wages are low (in some occupations twenty-five per cent lower than in new york city); where employment is irregular, the speeding-up tremendous, the number of women entering industry steadily increasing, and where the influx of immigrant labor is pulling down the wage scale and the standard of living.
the same is true of thousands engaged in other kinds of manufacture and in department stores.
somehow the town looks different from the two ends of the ladder.
the government of missouri and st. louis has been about as little adapted to the needs of the industrial worker as it well could be.
men have been concerned not so much with social justice as with government protection for money-making schemes.
how the interests fought to keep them pliable; how st. louis and missouri became a world scandal in this steady growth to riches, we all know.
we know, too, the period of political reform.
people thought the killing trouble in missouri lay largely with the governmental machinery; and the optimists' faith in a state primary law, in the initiative and referendum as panacea, was white and shining.
after the reform wave had spent itself, the crooked people who had kept out of jail crept from their holes and went back to their old job of beating the game.
the only essential difference is that their methods to-day are less raw and crude.
they play a more gentlemanly game; but the people are still robbed of their rights.
thus it came to pass that when the cheerful optimist went to the cupboard to get his poor dog a bone, why, lo!
meantime the dog has taken up the struggle for social justice on his own account, not singly but in groups and packs.
as yet, although a deal of snuffing, running to and fro, barking, yelping, and fighting has been done, little has been accomplished; for one reason, because labor has lacked great organizers in st. louis.
it has remained for the working women of st. louis to make the industrial idea effective and to reach out with united single purpose to bend the political bow for their protection.
there she glimpsed for the first time the inevitable great world march of women following industry as machinery takes it out of the home and into the shop--saw these women, blind, unorganized, helpless to cope with the conditions offered by organized capital.
the vision fired this irish girl to a pitch of enthusiasm peculiar to the celtic temperament.
for the first time she saw the broken physical future of women who label three thousand five hundred bottles of beer an hour, and accept their cuts and gashes from the bursting bottles as inevitable; of women who put eyelets on a hundred cases of shoes a day, twenty-four pairs to the case; of women who must weave one thousand yards of hemp cloth a day to hold their job in a mill where the possible speed of woman and machine is so nicely calculated that the speediest person in the factory can weave only twelve hundred and sixty yards a day; where the lint from this hemp fills the air and is so injurious to eyes and throat that the company furnishes medical attendance free.
to undertake the huge task of organizing these thousands of st. louis women would require not only vision but time and energy.
hannah's return meant being engulfed in the vast roar made by rows of throbbing, whirring machines, into one of which she sewed her vitality at dizzy speed ten hours a day.
vision she had, but training, time, energy--no!
it was at this point that she met cynthelia isgrig knefler, a leisure-class young woman, who had been gripped by a sense of the unevenness of the human struggle.
cynthelia knefler was groping her way through the maze of settlement activities to an appreciation of their relative futility in the face of long hours, low wages, and unsanitary shops.
then the idealism of these two young women, born on the one hand of hard experience, on the other of a gentle existence, fused, and burned with a white light whose power is beginning to touch the lives of the women who toil and spin for the great southwest.
both women possessed fire and eloquence.
hannah's special contribution was first-hand experience; mrs. knefler's the knowledge of economic conditions necessary to an understanding of our complicated labor problems.
wise, sane, conservative, mrs. knefler not only helped hannah to organize branch after branch of the women's trade union league in the different industries, but set out at once to train strong, intelligent leaders.
she stimulated them to a critical study of labor laws with the evolution of industry for background.
night after night for two years mrs. knefler and hannah were out organizing groups of girls.
mrs. knefler's friends finally stopped remonstrating with her.
hannah, utterly self-forgetful despite ten hours a day in the mills, hurled herself into the new work.
evening after evening her mother protested anxiously, but hannah, heedless of her own interest, would eat her supper and hurry across the city to help groups of new girls--american, russian, roumanian--a confused mass, to find themselves and pull together.
troy as their candidate to the state legislature for the first district.
his candidacy was also backed by the republican machine.
to both speeches came half a dozen excited replies that that's just what they were talking about!
over the potatoes and meat and bread-pudding the situation was discussed in detail.
he had every old country storekeeper standin' on end about that nine-hour bill.
there never was a woman for whom a difficult situation offered a more bracing tonic quality.
the business meeting that followed fairly bristled with plans.
the girls' first move was to go before the central labor body and ask them to indorse their objections to e.j.
definite action beyond indorsement the girls did not ask or expect.
one day a little later, when mrs. knefler's campaign was beginning to take form, a representative of e.j.
troy called mrs. knefler on the telephone.
the voice was bland, smooth, and very friendly.
wouldn't she--that is--ah--er--wouldn't her organization confer with mr. e.j.
he felt sure they would come to a pleasant and mutually helpful understanding.
mrs. knefler explained to the mouthpiece (take it either way) that it would be quite useless; that the stand of the league was taken on mr.
all this in mrs. knefler's suavest fashion.
she feels intensely, but she never loses her self-possession.
that's why she is such a formidable antagonist.
it was the last week in june--they had just a month before the primaries in which to rouse public opinion.
they were polite, they admitted the justice of her stand, but they were evasive.
mrs. knefler opened her paper the next morning after she had made the rounds, to find not a single word about the danger to the working woman's interests.
you never step on your own toe, do you, or hit yourself in the face--if you can help it?
one must admit that things looked bad for the league.
how were girls who raced at machines all day, who had neither money nor the voice of the press, to rouse this sluggish, corrupt city to the menace of sending to the legislature men like e.j.
troy, pledged body and soul to the manufacturers?
how could they waken the public to woman's bitter necessity for shorter hours?
the case looked hopeless, but mrs. knefler merely set her teeth, and got busy--decidedly busy.
she planned a campaign that no other st. louis woman in her class would have had the courage to tackle.
they have a club-house that just drips art, and they steep themselves in self-culture.
as a group their consciousness of the city's industrial problems is still nebulous.
the high light in which mrs. knefler's work must inevitably stand out is intensified by this background of self-culture women, with a few--only a few--rash daughters shivering around preparatory to taking their first cold plunge in the suffrage pool.
in such an atmosphere cynthelia knefler planned and carried out the biggest, the most modern and strategic campaign for the working woman ever waged outside a suffrage state.
it was done simply because her heart was filled with the need of the thousands of helpless, unorganized girls for protection from the greed of organized capital.
there are moments when love gives vision and raises us head and shoulders above our group.
the press was silent, but at least mrs. knefler could speak to the labor unions.
she and two other women appealed to every labor union in st. louis with a speech against e.j.
mrs. knefler made seventy-six speeches in that one month before the primaries.
that meant hurrying from hall to hall on hot summer nights and making two speeches, and sometimes three and four, while her friends were wearing white muslin and sitting on the gallery, to get the cool of the evening.
mrs. knefler's mind was working like a trip-hammer that month; seeking ways and means for rousing the busy, unthinking, conglomerate mass of people to the real issue.
but out of their wages and out of raffles and entertainments the league had a small reserve.
part of this they used to print sixty thousand cards.
there are always some men, though, who are moved only by the big, noisy things of life.
in a political campaign the little red ticket is lost on that kind of man.
all this printing and bill-posting was expensive for working girls.
they came back at the central labor body again.
it would take a mint of money to beat e.j.
however, the central body instructed the legislative committee of five to give the girls every help, and they did good service.
but the central body didn't instruct the committee to go down very far into the treasury.
the league hurled itself upon the press once more.
surely after so much speech-making and bill-posting the editors would accord them some recognition merely as news.
silence--absolute silence in the next day's papers, and the next.
their money was gone, the silence of the press had crushed them with an overwhelming sense of helplessness, but nevertheless they turned the trick.
they reached the upper and middle class readers of the south side district, troy's district, which the papers were determined to keep as much in ignorance as possible.
the day of the primaries was almost come.
now to reach the dull fellows who hadn't seen the cards and the huge posters, who use their eyes only to avoid obstacles.
one night, as the factory whistles blew the signal of dismissal, the men in the lines of operators who filed out of shop and mills found themselves mechanically taking and examining this ticket handed them by league girls, who had gone off their job a bit early and had their wages docked in order to work for the larger good.
the committee of the central body was now openly active in their behalf.
men as well as women were passing out the tickets.
busy pairs of girls who had already done ten hours' work were going over e.j.
troy's district, with its sections of rich and poor and well-to-do.
throbbing feet that had carried the body's weight ten hot, fatiguing hours hurried up and down the blocks, climbed flight after flight of stairs, and stood at door after door.
on the morning of the primaries mrs. schurz, as she took the coffee off the stove, remonstrated with her oldest daughter, minna.
mrs. schurz's heavy face wore the anxious despondence so common to the mothers of the poor.
the girl hesitated, then tightened her lips once more.
do you want the rest of the children workin' ten hours a day too?
i'm too dead tired to go out of a saturday night.
i can't give nobody a good time any more.
i guess there won't be no weddin' bells for mine--ever.
so at six o'clock minna joined the relays of working girls who--many of them, like minna, at personal risk and sacrifice--handed out cards all day to each man who entered.
thus the men were reminded at the last moment of the working woman's stake in the election.
every moment of the day there were alert girls to make this final quiet appeal for justice.
there was no jeering, no mirth on the part of the men at the novelty of this campaign--nothing to make any woman self-conscious.
the girls were quiet enough outwardly, but the inner drama was keyed high.
had all their speech-making, placarding, bill-posting and the canvassing of factories, blocks, and primaries--had all their little savings, their risk and personal sacrifice accomplished anything?
that was what the girls asked themselves.
the thermometer of their hope rose and fell with the rumors of the day.
the fathers of the central labor body patted them on the head benevolently and tried to ease their fall, if they were to fall, by saying that anyway it would be something to make troy run third on his ticket.
seven o'clock, and the girls were leaving the primaries in twos and threes, tired but excitedly discussing the situation.
between hope and despondency the comment varied on the streets, at the supper-tables, and in the eager, waiting groups of girls on tenement steps and stairs.
that made the outlook better for the women's nine-hour bill, and thousands of working girls tumbled into bed, tired, but with new hope.
every newspaper in st. louis failed to comment on the victory.
week by week her cheeks grew thinner, her cough more rasping.
but after the campaign against troy was over, she turned with the same intensity of interest to the national convention of the american federation of labor which was to meet there in november.
for a year she had been making plans, eager to make this convention a landmark in the history of women's labor.
but in november she was in bed by the little grate fire in the family sitting-room.
and when convention week came with its meetings a scant three blocks from her home, she could be there in spirit only; she waited restlessly for the girls to slip in after the daily sessions and live them over again for her.
on thanksgiving day, between the exhausting strain of high-tension work and the zeal of the young reformer, her beautiful life and brilliant fire were burned out.
the committee for the prevention of tuberculosis added her case to their statistics, and the league girls bore her into the lighted church.
first, there was the educational effect of their previous legislative campaign to build on.
then there was all the economy and impetus gained from consolidation.
they knew the rules of the game better, too.
their plans were more carefully laid and executed.
knowing the sickening fate of industrial legislation in certain other states when tried before judges whose social vision is fifty years behind the times, the winners of this new bill began to wait tensely enough for its testing.
so far, however, the women's nine-hour law has not been contested.
it has also been exceptionally well enforced, considering that there are only four factory inspectors for all the myriad shops and mills of this manufacturing city of the southwest, and only seven factory inspectors for the whole state of missouri.
meanwhile st. louis's new political wedge, the women's trade union league, continues to be a perfectly good political wedge.
when there is legislation wanted, all kinds of organizations invariably call upon this league of the working women, whose purpose is a wider social justice.
st. louis is another american city where the working women are discovering that they can do things if they only think so.
but in the jones school, the process of making influential citizens is still going on.
job lady is a generic term that includes miss anne davis, director of the bureau of vocational supervision, and her four assistants.
the bureau--which is the newest department of chicago's school system--is really an employment agency, but one that is different from any other employment agency in the united states.
it was founded as a result of the discovery that there were not nearly enough jobs in chicago to go around among the twelve or fifteen thousand children under sixteen years of age who left school each year to go to work; also that, though a statute of the state required a child either to work or to go to school, there were about twenty-three thousand youngsters in the city who were doing neither.
the law had made no provision for keeping track of the children once they had left school.
so miss davis, acting as special investigator for the school of civics and philanthropy and the chicago women's club, set to work to find out.
and she found, as other statistics bear witness, that the fate of the children who found jobs was scarcely better than that of their idle brothers and sisters.
the pay was poor; it averaged two dollars a week.
working conditions were frequently unhealthful.
moral influences of shop and factory and office were often bad.
for the most part, the industries that employed children were seasonal; and many boys and girls were forced into long periods of inactivity between positions.
the bureau--started informally in the course of initial investigations and kept alive through the grace of the women's club, until the board of education was ready to adopt it--has been able to do much in amelioration of the lot of the fourteen-to-sixteen-year-old worker.
but no statistics it can produce are as telling as the sight of the bureau in operation.
sit with your eyes and ears open, in a corner of the office in the jones school and you will make the acquaintance of one of the humanest employment agencies in the world; also you will learn more about such grave subjects as the needs of our educational system and the underlying causes of poverty than you can learn out of fat treatises in a year.
that is the first question the job lady asks of each new applicant who comes to the bureau for work.
perhaps the child has heard that question before; for in those schools from which the greatest numbers of children go out at the age of fourteen, miss davis and her assistants hold office hours and interview each boy or girl who shows signs of restlessness.
they give informal talks to the pupils of the sixth and seventh grades about the opportunities open to boys and girls under sixteen; they discuss the special training offered by the schools and show the advisability of remaining in school as long as possible; they try to find an opportunity of talking over the future with each member of the graduating class.
brings to light the most trivial of reasons.
in very few cases is it economic necessity that drives a child to work.
the job lady is often able to convince even the sitters that school is, after all, the best place for boys and girls under sixteen.
she persuaded between twenty-five and thirty per cent.
of the children that applied at the bureau last year to return to school.
sometimes all she had to do was to give the child a plain statement of the facts in the case--of the poor work and poor pay and lack of opportunity in the industries open to the fourteen-year-old worker.
often she found it necessary only to explain what the school had to offer.
he was a bright boy--one capable of making something of himself, if the two important, formative years that must pass before he was sixteen were not wasted; so he was transferred from his school to one where vocational work was part of the curriculum--where he could find an outlet for his superfluous energy in working with his hands.
now he is doing high-school work creditably; and he has stopped talking about leaving school.
but it isn't always the whim of the child that prompts him to cut short his education.
sometimes he is driven into the industrial world by the ignorance or greed of his parents.
miss davis tells of one little girl who was sacrificed to the great god labor because the four dollars she brought home weekly helped to pay the instalments on a piano, and of a boy who was taken from eighth grade just before graduation because his father had bought some property and needed a little extra money.
frequently boys and girls are put to work because of the impression that schools have nothing of practical value to offer.
still, even the most miserly and most stubborn and most ignorant of parents can sometimes be made to see the wisdom of keeping a child in school until he is sixteen.
they are won to the job lady's point of view by a statement of the increased opportunity open to the child who is sixteen.
but often all the job lady's efforts fail.
the child is incurably sick of school, the parent remains obdurate.
or, perhaps, there is a very real need of what little the son or daughter can earn.
often some one can be found who will donate books, or a scholarship ranging from car-fare to a few dollars a week.
over four hundred dollars is being given out in scholarships each month, and every scholarship shows good returns.
but often no scholarship is forthcoming; and there is nothing for the job lady to do but find a position for the small applicant.
then begins the often difficult process of fitting the child to some available job.
the process starts, really, with fitting the job to the child, and that is as it should be.
the job lady always tries to place the boys and girls that come to her office where there will be some chance for them to learn something.
so the job lady must be content to send the boys out as office and errand boys or to find employment for the girls in binderies and novelty shops.
but she investigates every position before a child is sent to fill it; and if it is found to be not up to standard in wages or working conditions, it is crossed off the bureau's list.
the job lady has established a minimum wage of four dollars a week.
no children go out from the bureau to work for less than that sum, excepting those who are placed in the part-time schools of some printing establishments, or in dressmaking shops, where they will be learning a useful trade.
this informal minimum-wage law results in a raising of the standard of payment in a shop.
in such manner, the bureau makes over many a job to fit the worker.
but the fitting process works both ways.
that she succeeds very often, the employers who have learned to rely on the bureau will testify.
the secret of finding the right boy lies, first of all, in discovering what he wants to do; and, next, in judging whether or not he can do it.
very often, he has not the least idea of what he wants to do.
he has learned many things in school, but little or nothing of the industrial world in which he must live.
it means to them, pitifully enough, a respectability they have never been quite able to encompass.
as a result, perhaps, of our slow-changing educational ideals, they scorn the trades.
often, given the honesty and intelligence, she must manufacture a child to fit the description.
sometimes all that is necessary is a hint about soap and water and a clean collar.
sometimes the big cupboard in her office must yield up a half-worn suit or a pair of shoes that some luckier boy has outgrown.
occasionally, hers is the delicate task of suggesting to a prematurely sophisticated little girl that some employers have an unreasonable prejudice against rouge and earrings; or that even the poorest people can wash their underwear.
manners frequently come in for attention.
when the boys or girls are placed, the bureau, unlike most employment agencies, does not wash its hands of them.
each child is asked to report concerning his progress from time to time; and if he does not show up, a vocational supervisor keeps track of him by visits to home or office, or by letters, written quarterly.
she is continually arbitrating and making adjustments, always ready to listen to childish woes and to allay them when she can.
not long ago, i went to a conference on vocational guidance.
there i heard, from the mouths of various men, what hope the work being done by the bureau held for the future.
one showed how it had infused new blood into the veins of an anemic educational system, how it was making the schools a more efficient preparation for life--the life of factory and shop and office--than they ever had been before.
another man pointed out that the bureau, through the schools, would strike at one of the deep roots of poverty--incompetency.
more people are poor for lack of proper equipment to earn a living and proper direction in choosing a vocation, he said, than for any other one reason.
a third man saw in the vocational bureau a means of keeping a control over employing interests.
a fourth had a vision of what the bureau and the new education it heralded could do toward educating the men and women of the future to a knowledge of their rights as workers.
here was the final, immeasurable measure of its success.
it counts, of course, that the job lady helps along big causes, drives at the roots of big ills; but, somehow it counts more that an anxious-faced youngster i saw at the bureau should have brought his woes to her.
his employer had given him a problem to solve--and he couldn't do it.
it counts too, that tillie, who had once found work through the bureau, but was now keeping house for her father, should turn to the bureau for aid.
her father had been sick and couldn't afford to buy her anything new to wear.
she was confident that the job lady would help her--and her confidence was not misplaced.
all the funny, grateful, pathetic letters that pour in count unspeakably!
to hundreds of boys and girls and parents the job lady has proved a friend.
there has been no nonsense about the matter.
she has not sentimentalized over her work; she has not made it smack of charity.
the boys and girls and parents who come to the job lady are, for the most part, just average boys and girls and parents, as little paupers as millionaires.
they are the people who are generally lost sight of in a democracy, where one must usually be well-to-do enough to, buy assistance, or poor enough to accept it as alms, if he is to have any aid at all in solving the problems of life.
it is a great thing for the schools, through the bureau, to give to these average men and women and children practical aid in adjusting their lives to the conditions under which they live and work, and to do it with a sympathy and an understanding--a humanness that warms the soul.
in the sunset of her life she tells them over, and if here and there among the roseate chaplet is a bead gray in coloring, time has softened the hues of all so they blend exquisitely.
this bead recalls a happy afternoon on the broad mississippi with the boys and girls of seventy years ago; the next brings up a picture of a schoolroom where a score of little heads bob over their books and slates, and a third visualizes a wonderful picnic excursion to the woods with a feast of fried chicken and pie and cake.
for mrs. frazer is the original of becky thatcher, the childhood sweetheart of tom sawyer, and the original of tom sawyer, of course, was mark twain himself.
but i never confided my belief to anyone.
i felt that it would be a presumption to take the honor to myself.
when albert bigelow paine, mr. clemens's biographer, gathered the material for his life of the author, he found no fewer than twenty-five women, in missouri and elsewhere, each of whom declared she was becky thatcher, but he settled the controversy for all time on mr. clemens's authority when the biography was published.
in it you will find that becky thatcher was laura hawkins, which was my maiden name.
she is elderly, of course, since it was seventy years ago that her friendship with mark twain began, and her hair is gray.
but her heart is young, and she finds in her work of mothering the twenty-five boys and girls in her charge the secret of defying age.
on this particular afternoon she wore black and white striped silk, the effect of which was a soft gray to match her hair, and her placid face was lighted with smiles of reminiscence.
the courtship of childhood, therefore, is a matter of preference and of comradeship.
if you had seen this lady of old missouri as she told of her childhood romance you would have recalled instinctively mark twain's description: a lovely little blue eyed creature with yellow hair plaited into two long tails, white summer frock and embroidered pantalettes.
and you would have found it easy to conceive that this refined, gentle countenance once was apple cheeked and rosy, that the serene gray eyes once sparkled as blue as the father of waters on a sunny day and that the frosted hair was as golden as the sunshine.
my mother left the mill and the plantation in the hands of my grown brothers--i was one of ten children, by the way--and came to hannibal.
our house stood at the corner of hill and main streets, and just a few doors west, on hill street, lived the clemens family.
i didn't know then, of course, what it was that made him different, but afterward, when my knowledge of the world and its people grew, i realized that it was his natural refinement.
he played hookey from school, he cared nothing at all for his books and he was guilty of all sorts of mischievous pranks, just as tom sawyer is in the book, but i never heard a coarse word from him in all our childhood acquaintance.
if you will go down through the old part of the city now you will find it much as it was when i was a child, for the quaint old weatherbeaten buildings still stand, proving how thoroughly the pioneers did their work.
the first school i went to was taught by mr. cross, who had canvassed the town and obtained perhaps twenty-five private pupils at a stated price for the tuition of each.
she quoted it this way: cross by name and cross by nature, cross hopped out of an irish potato.
it was then he used to write notes to me and bring apples to school and put them on my desk.
and once, as a punishment for some prank, he had to sit with the girls and occupied a vacant seat by me.
mrs. frazer's own story formed the next chapter of her narrative.
a young physician, doctor frazer of madisonville, which was a little inland village in ralls county, adjoining, came often to hannibal and courted pretty laura hawkins.
there they reared two sons until they required better school facilities, when they went to rensselaer, also in ralls county, but nearer hannibal.
they lived in rensselaer until doctor frazer's death, when the mother and younger son moved to the general canby farm.
this son's marriage led to mrs. frazer's return to hannibal twenty-two years ago.
she was offered the position of matron at the home for the friendless, and for twenty-two years she has managed it.
the old mansion which houses the score or more of children always there is to be abandoned in the spring for a new and modern building, a gift from a wealthy citizen to the private charity which has conducted the institution so long without aid from city, county or state.
it was given to mrs. frazer and mark twain to renew their youthful friendship after a lapse of half a century.
he mentioned the approaching visit to the great humorist and mark twain promptly sat down and wrote mrs. frazer that she must be a guest also at stormfield, his redding estate.
so it came about that the one-time little laura hawkins found herself lifting the knocker at the beautiful country home of mark twain in the connecticut hills.
you are becky thatcher, and i'm happy to see you.'
clara clemens, you know, even then was a famous contralto, and ossip gabrilowitsch, whose wife she is now, was 'waiting' on her at the time.
it must have been a tract of three hundred acres.
we went through the fields, which were not fields at all, since they were not cultivated, and across a rustic bridge over a little rushing brook which boiled and bubbled among the rocks in the bed of a great ravine, and we sat down under a rustic arbor and talked of the old days in hannibal when he was a little boy and i a little girl, before he went out into the world to win fame and before i lived my own happy married life.
mr. clemens had that rare faculty of loyalty to his friends which made the lapse of fifty years merely an interim.
it was as if the half century had rolled away and we were there looking on the boy and girl we had been.
he had been made a doctor of literature by the university of oxford, the highest honor of the greatest university in the world, and yet there at stormfield to me he seemed to be sam clemens of old hannibal, rather than the foremost man in the american world of letters.
restored, it houses many reminders of the author and is maintained as a memorial to mark twain.
and there they will see becky thatcher in the flesh, silkengowned, gray-haired and grown old, but becky thatcher just the same, seated in a chair which once was mark twain's and pouring tea at a table on which the author once wrote.
and if the aroma of the cup she hands out to each visitor doesn't waft before his mind a vision of a curly-headed boy and a little girl with golden long-tails at play on the wharf of old hannibal while the ancient packets ply up and down the rolling blue mississippi, there is nothing whatever in the white magic of association.
into the town of palermo, on that july day, came garibaldi, in triumph, and the farmer-folk parents of the boy, in honor of the occasion, named their son victor, after the new italian king, whom garibaldi had helped to seat.
his home was the ugliest of the homes of all the three.
it was of red brick, two stories high, with small windows, facing a busy stone sidewalk.
its rooms were small and little adorned, and not much hope of greatness could ever have sprung from that dingy place.
there was one other boy to make up the quartet.
he was a young medical student in paris twenty-two years old when david was born in england.
he had been born in a little village in france, in a doctor's household.
the only city-born boy of the four, he was taken by fate, when his father died, to the simplicity of village life and saved, perhaps, from the sidewalks.
george married an american girl and went back to france, to write and teach and doctor.
thomas went to a university to study law.
david, seven years younger, spent his evenings and spare time in his uncle's shoe shop or in the village blacksmith shop, listening to his elders talk over the affairs of the world.
victor, with law as his vision, crossed the famous old straits of messina from his island home and went to naples to study in the law school there.
down in virginia, thomas was admitted to the bar.
george, in france, by this time had dropped medicine.
bolshevism had arisen there in the form of the commune, and he had fought it so desperately that he had been sentenced to death.
he hated kings, and he also hated the autocracy of the mob.
soon they will sit at a peace table together, the first peace table in all human history from which divine-right kings are barred.
the future and the welfare of the world lie in their four pairs of hands.
their full names are: georges clemenceau, premier of france; david lloyd george, prime minister of england; victor emanuel orlando, premier of italy, and thomas woodrow wilson, president of the united states.
he takes delight in large fat words, but is utterly indifferent to such things as clothes and women--except the dowdy one he married when too young to know better....
it is always so interesting to see ourselves as authors see us.
even more entertaining to us, however, is the shockingly inconsistent attitude toward academic life maintained by practical people who know all about real life--meaning the making and spending of money.
one evening soon after i became a college professor's wife i enjoyed the inestimable privilege of sitting next to one of america's safest and sanest business men at a dinner party given in his honor by one of the trustees of the university.
and i am afraid i laughed in the great man's face.
in a thoroughly businesslike manner; but throughout the rest of the evening he viewed me askance, as though i had become a dangerous theorist too--by marriage.
so i turned my back on him and wondered why such a large and brilliant dinner was given for such a dull and uninteresting philistine!
this shows, by the way, how young and ignorant i was.
the mystery was explained next day, when it was intimated to me that i had made what is sometimes called, even in refined college circles, a break.
young professors' wives were not expected to trifle with visitors of such eminent solvency; but i had frequently heard the materialistic tendencies of the age condemned in public, and had not been warned in private that we were all supposed to do our best to work this materialist for a million, with which to keep up the fight against materialism.
in the cloistered seclusion of our universities, dedicated to high ideals, more deference is shown to the masters of high finance than to the masters of other arts--let me add not because mammon is worshiped, but because he is needed for building cloisters.
the search for truth would be far more congenial than the search for wealth; but, so long as our old-fashioned institutions remain, like old-fashioned females, dependent for their very existence on the bounty of personal favor, devious methods must be employed for coaxing and wheedling money out of those who control it--and therefore the truth.
i was a slender bride and had a fresh, becoming trousseau.
he was a heavy-jowled banker and had many millions.
i was supposed to ply what feminine arts i could command for the highly moral purpose of obtaining his dollars, to be used in destroying his ideals.
well, that was the first and last time i was ever so employed.
despite the conscientious flattery of the others he gruntingly refused to give a penny.
and--who knows--perhaps i was in part responsible for the loss of a million!
a dreadful preface to my career as a college professor's wife.
however, before pursuing my personal confessions, i must not overlook the most common and comic characteristic of the college professor we all know and love in fiction.
i refer to his picturesque absent-mindedness.
i had almost forgotten that; possibly i have become absent-minded by marriage too!
is not the dear old fellow always absent-minded on the stage?
just how he manages to remain on the faculty when absent-minded is never explained on the program; and it often perplexes us who are behind the scenes.
i tell my husband that, in our case, i, as the dowdy and devoted wife, am supposed to interrupt his dreams--they always have dreams--remove his untidy dressing gown--they always wear dressing gowns--and dispatch him to the classroom with a kiss and a coat; but how about that great and growing proportion of his colleagues who, for reasons to be stated, are wifeless and presumably helpless?
being only a woman, i cannot explain how bachelors retain their positions; but i shall venture to assert that no business in the world--not even the army and navy--is conducted on a more ruthless and inexorable schedule than the business of teaching.
my two brothers drift into their office at any time between nine and ten in the morning and yet control a fairly successful commercial enterprise; whereas, if my husband arrived at his eight-o'clock classroom only one minute late there would be no class there to teach.
what have i, a college professor's wife, to confess?
this is indeed a confession, though whether it be of weakness of will or strength of faith you may decide if you read the rest.
the first time i saw the man who became my husband was at the casino in newport.
and what was a poor professor doing at newport?
he was not a professor--he was a prince; a proud prince of the most royal realm of sport.
carl, as some of you might recall if that were his real name, had been the intercollegiate tennis champion a few years before, and now, with the kings of the court, had come to try his luck in the annual national tournament.
he lasted until the finals this time and then was put out.
that was as high as he ever got in the game.
alas for the romance of love at first sight!
he paid not the slightest attention to me, though he sat beside me for ten minutes; for, despite his defeat, he was as enthusiastically absorbed in the runner-up and the dashing defender of the title as--well, as the splendid sportsman i have since found him to be in disappointments far more grim.
as for me, i fear i hardly noticed him either, except to remark that he was very good-looking; for this was my first visit to newport--the last too--and the pageantry of wealth and fashion was bewilderingly interesting to me.
but such unintellectual exhibitions might, i fancy, still interest me--a shocking confession for a college professor's wife!
i did not see carl again for two years, and then it was in another kind of pageant, amid pomp and circumstance of such a different sort; and, instead of white flannel trousers, he now wore a black silk gown.
it had large flowing sleeves and a hood of loud colors hanging down behind; and he was blandly marching along in the academic procession at the inaugural ceremonies of the new president of the university.
i wonder why it is that when the stronger sex wishes to appear particularly dignified and impressive, as on the bench or in the pulpit, it likes to don female attire!
no matter whether suffragists or antis--they all do it.
now some of these paraders seemed as embarrassed by their skirts as the weaker sex would be without them; but the way carl wore his new honors and his new doctor's hood attracted my attention and held it.
he seemed quite aware of the ridiculous aspect of an awkward squad of pedagogues paraded like chorus girls before an audience invited to watch the display; but, also, he actually enjoyed the comedy of it--and that is a distinction when you are an actor in the comedy!
his quietly derisive strut altogether fascinated me.
as the long, self-conscious procession passed where i sat, smiling and unnoticed, he suddenly looked up.
his veiled twinkle happened to meet my gaze.
it passed over me, instantly returned and rested on ray eyes for almost a second.
such a wonderful second for little me!...
he had quite forgotten that our names had once been pronounced to each other; but in that flashing instant he recognized, as i did, that we two knew each other better than anyone else in the whole assemblage.
carl informed me afterward that he had a similar sensation, and that all through the long platitudinous exercises my face was a great solace to him.
i was not unaware that he was observing me; nor was i surprised when, at the end of the exhausting ordeal, he broke through the crowd--with oh, such dear impetuosity!--and asked my uncle to present him, while i, trembling at his approach, looked in the other direction, for i felt the crimson in my cheeks--i who had been out three seasons!
then i turned and raised my eyes to his, and he, too, colored deeply as he took my hand.
there was plenty of comedy, only we were too romantic to see it.
at the time it seemed entirely tragic to me that my people, though of the sort classified as cultured and refined, deploring the materialistic tendency of the age, violently objected to my caring for this wonderful being, who brilliantly embodied all they admired in baccalaureate sermons and extolled in sunday-school.
it was not despite but because of that very thing that they opposed the match!
if only he had not so ably curbed his materialistic tendencies they would have been delighted with this well-bred young man, for his was an even older family than ours, meaning one having money long enough to breed contempt for making it.
he had waved aside a promising opening in his cousin's bond-house on leaving college and invested five important years, as well as his small patrimony, in hard work at the leading universities abroad in order to secure a thorough working capital for the worst-paid profession in the world.
why, even a full professor seldom gets more than four thousand--in most cases less.
however, i was not willing--for his sake.
besides, like carl, i had certain unuttered ideals about serving the world in those days.
only now we better understand the world.
men are just as noble as they used to be.
plenty of them are willing to sacrifice themselves--but not us.
that is why so few of the sort most needed go in for teaching and preaching in these so-called materialistic days.
what was the actual, material result of my lover's having taken seriously the advice ladled out to him by college presidents and other evil companions of his innocent youth, who had besought him not to seek material gain?
at the time we found each other he was twenty-seven years of age and had just begun his career--an instructor in the economics department, with a thousand-dollar salary.
that is not why he was called an economist; but can you blame my brothers for doing their best to break the engagement?...
it was not their fault if carl actually practiced what they merely preached.
no; for he seriously intended never to marry at all--until he met me.
possibly; but i did my best to break the engagement too--and incidentally both our hearts--by going abroad and staying abroad until carl--bless him!--came over after me.
i am merely telling why so few men in university work, or, for that matter, in most of the professions nowadays, can support wives until after the natural mating time is past.
by that time their true mates have usually wed other men--men who can support them--not the men they really love, but the men they tell themselves they love!
for, if marriage is woman's only true career, it is hardly true to one's family or oneself not to follow it before it is too late--especially when denied training for any other--even though she may be equally lacking in practical training for the only career open to her.
this sounds like a confession of personal failure due to the typical unpreparedness for marriage of the modern american girl.
i do not think anyone could call our marriage a personal failure, though socially it may be.
during the long period of our engagement i became almost as well prepared for my lifework as carl was for his.
instead of just waiting in sweet, sighing idleness i took courses in domestic science, studied dietetics, mastered double-entry and learned to sew.
the latter amused the family, for they thought the higher education of women quite unwomanly and had refused to let me go to college.
it amused carl too, until i convinced him that i was really interested in the subject, not just in him; then he began sending me boxes of books instead of boxes of candy, which made the family laugh and call me strong-minded.
i was too busy making up for the time and money wasted on my disadvantageous advantages, which may have made me more attractive to men, but had not fitted me to be the wife of any man, rich or poor.
all that my accomplishments and those of my sisters actually accomplished, as i see it now, was to kill my dear father; for, though he made a large income as a lawyer, he had an even larger family and died a poor man, like so many prominent members of the bar.
i shall not dwell on the ordeal of a long engagement.
it is often made to sound romantic in fiction, but in realistic life such an unnatural relationship is a refined atrocity--often an injurious one--except to pseudo-human beings so unreal and unromantic that they should never be married or engaged at all.
i nearly died; and as for carl--well, unrequited affection may be good for some men, but requited affection in such circumstances cannot be good for any man--if you grant that marriage is!
a high-strung, ambitious fellow like carl needed no incentive to make him work hard or to keep him out of mischief, any more than he needed a prize to make him do his best at tennis or keep him from cheating in the score.
what an ignoble view of these matters most good people accept!
in point of fact he had been able to do more work and to play better tennis before receiving this long handicap--in short, would have been in a position to marry sooner if he had not been engaged to marry!
this may sound strange, but that is merely because the truth is so seldom told about anything that concerns the most important relationship in life.
nevertheless, despite what he was pleased to call his inspiration, he won his assistant professorship at an earlier age than the average, and we were married on fifteen hundred a year.
i am bound to say the family were very nice about it.
and when we came back from our wedding journey the other professors' wives overwhelmed me with kindness and with calls--and with teas and dinners and receptions in our honor.
carl had been a very popular bachelor and his friends were pleased to treat me quite as if i were worthy of him.
i was afraid they would soon see through me and pity poor carl.
books sufficiently old, art sufficiently classic, views sufficiently venerable to be respectable--these interested them, as did foreign travel and modern languages; but ideas that were modern could not be nice because they were new, though they might be nice in time--after they became stale.
college culture, i soon discovered, does not care about what is happening to the world, but what used to happen to it.
--universities don't lead thought--they follow it.
as for the men, i had pictured the privilege of sitting at their feet and learning many interesting things about the universe.
they did not expect or want a woman to know anything and preferred light banter and persiflage.
i like that, too, when it is well done; but i was accustomed to men who did it better.
i do not expect any member of the complacent sex to believe this statement--unless i add that the men did not fancy my society, which would not be strictly true; but, even if not so intellectual as i had feared, the women of our town were far more charming than i had hoped, and when you cannot have both cleverness and kindness the latter makes a more agreeable atmosphere for a permanent home.
i still consider them the loveliest women in the world.
in short my only regret about being married was that we had wasted so much of the glory of youth apart.
youth is the time for love, but not for marriage!
some of our friends among the instructors marry on a thousand a year, even in these days of the high cost of living; and i should have been so willing to live as certain of them do--renting lodgings from a respectable artisan's wife and doing my own cooking on her stove after she had done hers.
perhaps it was just as well; for when first engaged i did not know how to cook, though i was a good dancer and could play liszt's polonaise in e flat with but few mistakes.
as it turned out we began our wedded life quite luxuriously.
we had a whole house to ourselves--and sometimes even a maid!
in those days there were no flats in our town and certain small but shrewd local capitalists had built rows of tiny frame dwellings which they leased to assistant professors, assistant plumbers, and other respectable people of the same financial status, at rates which enabled them--the owners, not the tenants--to support charity and religion.
they were all alike--i refer to the houses now, not to all landlords necessarily--with a steep stoop in front and a drying yard for monday mornings in the rear, the kind you see on the factory edges of great cities--except that ours were cleaner and were occupied by nicer people.
one of our next-door neighbors was a rising young butcher with his bride and the house on the other side of us was occupied by a postman, his progeny, and the piercing notes of his whistle--presumably a cast-off one--on which all of his numerous children, irrespective of sex or age, were ambitiously learning their father's calling, as was made clear through the thin dividing wall, which supplied visual privacy but did not prevent our knowing when they took their baths or in what terms they objected to doing so.
it became a matter of interesting speculation to us what willie would say the next saturday night; and if we had quarreled they, in turn, could have--and would have--told what it was all about.
i, too, was learning at first hand much about my own profession.
my original research in domestic science was sound in theory, but i soon discovered that my dietetic program was too expensive in practice.
instead of good cuts of beef i had to select second or third quality from the rising young butcher, who, by the way, has since risen to the dignity of a touring car.
instead of poultry we had pork, for this was before pork also rose.
my courses in bookkeeping, however, proved quite practical; and i may say that i was a good purchasing agent and general manager from the beginning of our partnership, instead of becoming one later through bitter experience, like so many young wives brought up to be ladies, not general houseworkers.
if, however, as my fashionable aunt in town remarked, we were picturesquely impecunious--which, to that soft lady, probably meant that, we had to worry along without motor cars--we were just as desperately happy as we were poor; for we had each other at least.
every other deprivation seemed comparatively easy or amusing.
nor were we the only ones who had each other--and therefore poverty.
scholarship meant sacrifice, but all agreed that it was the ideal life.
to be sure, some members of the faculty--or their wives--had independent means and could better afford the ideal life.
they were considered noble for choosing it.
some of the alumni who attended the great games and the graduating exercises were enormously wealthy, and gave the interest of their incomes--sometimes a whole handful of bonds at a time--to the support of the ideal life.
was there any law compelling them to give their money to their alma mater?
no--just as there was none compelling men like carl to give their lives and sacrifice their wives.
these men of wealth made even greater sacrifices.
they could have kept in comfort a dozen wives apiece--modest ones--on what they voluntarily preferred to turn over to the dear old college.
professors, being impractical and visionary, cannot always see these things in their true proportions.
we, moreover, in return for our interest in education, did we not shamelessly accept monthly checks from the university treasurer's office?
whereas these disinterested donors, instead of receiving checks, gave them, which is more blessed.
and were they not checks of a denomination far larger than those we selfishly cashed for ourselves?
therefore our princely benefactors were regarded not only as nobler but as the nobility.
indeed, the social stratification of my new home, where the excellent principles of high thinking and plain living were highly recommended for all who could not reverse the precept, struck me, a neophyte, as for all the world like that of a cathedral town in england, except that these visiting patrons of religion and learning were treated with a reverence and respect found only in america.
surely it must have amused them, had they not been so used to it; for they were quite the simplest, kindest, sweetest overrich people i had ever met in my own country--and they often took pains to tell us broad-mindedly that there were better things than money.
their tactful attempts to hide their awful affluence were quite appealing--occasionally rather comic.
like similarly conscious efforts to cover evident indigence, it was so palpable and so unnecessary.
i always wanted to say--until i, too, became accustomed to it.
it was dear of them all the same, however, and i would not seem ungrateful for their kind consideration.
after all, how different from the purse-proud arrogance of wealth seen in our best--selling--fiction, though seldom elsewhere.
for the most part they were true gentlefolk, with the low voices and simple manners of several generations of breeding; and i liked them, for the most part, very much--especially certain old friends of our parents, who, i learned later, were willing to show their true friendship in more ways than carl and i could permit.
carl, by the way, happened to be the secretary of his class, and his popularity with dear old classmates became a nuisance in our tiny home.
i remember one well-known bachelor of arts who answered to the name of spud, a rather vulgar little man.
a couple of hours' work a day and three solid months' vacation!
why, just see, here you are loafing early in the morning!
now my husband had been writing until two o'clock the night before, so that he had not yet made preparation for his next hour.
it was so early indeed that i had not yet made the beds.
besides, i had heard all about our snap before and it was getting on my nerves.
spud saw the point and left; but carl, instead of giving me the thanks i deserved, gave me the first scolding of our married life!
of course it can be proved by the annual catalogue that the average member of the faculty has only about twelve or fourteen hours of classroom work a week--the worst-paid instructor more; the highest-paid professor less.
what a university teacher gives to his students in the classroom, however, is or ought to be but a rendering of what he acquires outside, as when my distinguished father tried one of his well-prepared cases in court.
every new class, moreover, is a different proposition, as i once heard my brother say of his customers.
that is where the art of teaching comes in and where carl excelled.
nor does this take into account original research and the writing of books like carl's scholarly work on the history of property, on which he had been slaving for three solid summers and hundreds of nights during termtime; not to speak of attending committee meetings constantly, and the furnace even more constantly.
the latter, like making beds, is not mentioned in the official catalogue.
i suppose such details would not become one's dignity.
as in every other occupation, some members of the faculty do as little work as the law requires; but most of them are an extremely busy lot, even though they may, when it suits their schedule better, take exercise in the morning instead of the afternoon--an astonishing state of affairs that always scandalizes the so-called tired business man.
as for carl, i was seeing so little of him except at mealtimes that i became rather piqued at first, being a bride.
i felt sure he did not love me any more!
it doesn't matter how poorly you teach, so long as you write dull books for other professors to read.
if you are understood you are popular; if you are popular you are no scholar.
and if you're no scholar, how can you become a full professor?
and, dismissing me and the subject with a good-night kiss, he brushed his last year's hat and hurried off, taking the latchkey.
i asked carl one day when he was sharpening his lawnmower and thus neglecting his lawn tennis; for, like a freshman, i still had much to learn about quaint old college customs.
he chuckled and began to cut the grass furiously, reminding me of a thoroughbred hunter i once saw harnessed to a plow.
there isn't a butcher or grocer in this town who doesn't doff his hat to me when he whizzes by in his motor--even those whose bills i haven't paid.
i don't believe there's another place in the world where he who rides makes obeisance to him who walks.
much better than getting as high wages as a trustee's chauffeur!
he stopped to mop his brow, looking perfectly dignified.
look at our picture galleries, filled with old masters from abroad!
look at our colleges, crowded with buildings more costly than oxford's!
think how that encourages american teachers!
simply because an occasional foreign professor gets higher pay--bah!
and he bent to his mower again, with much the same derisively dignified strut as on that memorable day long ago when i came and saw and was conquered by it--only then he wore black silk sleeves and now white shirtsleeves.
i soon saw that if i were to be a help and not a hindrance to the man i loved i should have to depart from what i had been carefully trained to regard as woman's only true sphere.
i had no thought of leaving home or husband.
it is simply that the home, in the industrial sense, is leaving the house--seventy-five per cent of it social scientists say, has gone already--so that nowadays a wife must go out after it or else find some new-fashioned productive substitute if she really intends to be an old-fashioned helpmate to her husband.
it was not a feminist theory but a financial condition that confronted us.
my done-over trousseau would not last forever, nor would carl's present intellectual wardrobe, which was becoming threadbare.
travel abroad and foreign study are just as necessary for an american scholar as foreign buying is for an american dealer in trousseaus.
i thought of many plans; but in a college town a woman's opportunities are so limited.
we are not paid enough to be ladies, though we are required to dress and act like them--do not forget that point.
and yet, when willing to stop being a lady, what could one do?
finally i thought of dropping entirely out of the social, religious and charitable activities of the town, investing in a typewriter and subscribing to a correspondence-school course in stenography.
i could at least help carl prepare his lectures and relieve him of the burden of letter writing, thus giving him more time for book reviewing and other potboiling jobs, which were not only delaying his own book but making him burn the candle at both ends in the strenuous effort to make both ends meet.
i knew carl would object, but i had not expected such an outburst of profane rage as followed my announcement.
the poor boy was dreadfully tired, and for months, like the thoroughbred he was, he had repressed his true feelings under a quiet, quizzical smile.
he cried, jumping up and pacing the floor.
haven't i already dragged you down--you, a lovely, fine-grained, highly evolved woman--down to the position of a servant in my house?
and now, on top of all this--no, by god!
it may be a shocking confession, but i loved him for that wicked oath.
he looked so splendid--all fire and furious determination, as when he used to rush up to the net in the deciding game of a tennis match, cool and quick as lightning.
it's an economic waste of superior ability.
they've got us down--are we going to let them keep us down?
look at half of the older members of the faculty!
he had gained an idea for his book and, like a true scholar, forgot for the moment our personal situation.
and all of us who throw the searchlight of truth on it--dangerous theorists!
instead of your stenographer becoming your wife, your wife becomes your stenographer--far safer and saner than the usual order.
though it was merely to make a poor joke out of a not objectionable necessity, my plan, as it turned out, was far wiser than i realized.
then i learned to take down his lectures, to look up data in the library, to verify quotations, and even lent a hand in the book reviewing.
soon i began to feel more than a mere consumer's interest--a producer's interest--in carl's work.
and then a wonderful thing happened: my husband began to see--just in time, i believe--that a wife could be more than a passive and more or less desirable appendage to a man's life--an active and intelligent partner in it.
and he looked at me with a new and wondering respect, which was rather amusing, but very dear.
he had made the astonishing discovery that his wife had a mind!
years of piano practice had helped to make my fingers nimble for the typewriter, and for this advantage i was duly grateful to the family's old-fashioned ideals, though i fear they did not appreciate my gratitude.
once, when visiting them during the holidays, i was laughingly boasting, before some guests invited to meet me at luncheon, about my part in the writing of carl's history of property, which had been dedicated to me and was now making a sensation in the economic world, though our guests in the social world had never heard of it.
suddenly i saw a curious, uncomfortable look come over the faces of the family.
then i stopped and remembered that nowadays wives--nice wives, that is--are not supposed to be helpmates to their husbands except in name; quite as spinsters no longer spin.
at that they are truly better halves, but to help him earn is not nice.
to our guests it could mean only one thing--namely, that my husband could not afford a secretary.
for a moment i had the disquieting sensation of having paraded my poverty--a form of vulgarity that carl and i detest as heartily as a display of wealth.
the family considerately informed me afterward, however, that they thought me brave to sacrifice myself so cheerfully.
there is no sacrifice in working for the man you love.
and if you can do it with him--why, i conceitedly thought it quite a distinction.
few women have the ability or enterprise to attain it!
for my part i never could see why it is more womanly to do menial work for a man than intellectual work with him.
i have done both and ought to know.... can it be merely because the one is done strictly in the home or because no one can see you do it?
or is it merely because it is unskilled labor?
it is all right for the superior sex to do skilled labor, but a true womanly woman must do only unskilled labor, and a fine lady none at all--so clothed as to prevent it and so displayed as to prove it, thus advertising to the world that the man who pays for her can also pay for secretaries and all sorts of expensive things.
if so i am afraid most college professors' wives should give up the old-fashioned expensive pose of ladyhood and join the new womanhood!
well, as it turned out, we were enabled to spend our sabbatical year abroad--just in time to give carl a new lease of life mentally and me physically; for both of us were on the verge of breaking down before we left.
revisiting his old haunts; attending lectures together in the german and french universities; working side by side in the great libraries; and meeting the great men of his profession at dinner!
then, between whiles, we had the best art and music thrown in!
ah, those are the only real luxuries we miss and long for!
indeed, to us, they are not really luxuries.
beauty is a necessity to some persons, like exercise; though others can get along perfectly well without it and, therefore, wonder why we cannot too.
carl's book had already been discovered over there--that is perhaps the only reason it was discovered later over here--and every one was so kind about it.
we felt quite important and used to wink at each other across the table.
his work was my work now--his ambitions, my ambitions; not just emotionally or inspirationally, but intellectually, collaboratively.
and that made our emotional interest in each other the keener and more satisfying.
we had fallen completely in love with each other.
for the first time we two were really one.
previously we had been merely pronounced so by a clergyman who read it out of a book.
oh, the glory of loving some one more than oneself!
and oh, the blessedness of toiling together for something greater and more important than either!
that is what makes it possible for the other thing to endure--not merely for a few mad, glad years, followed by drab duty and dull regret, but for a happy lifetime of useful vigor.
that, and not leisure or dignity, is the great compensation for the professorial life.
what a joy it was to me during that rosy-sweet early period of our union to watch carl, like a proud mother, as he grew and exfoliated--like a plant that has been kept in a cellar and now in congenial soil and sunshine is showing at last its full potentialities.
through me my boy was attaining the full stature of a man; and i, his proud mate, was jealously glad that even his dear dead mother could not have brought that to pass.
his wit became less caustic; his manner more genial.
people who once irritated now interested him.
some who used to fear him now liked him.
and as for the undergraduates who had hero-worshiped this former tennis champion, they now shyly turned to him for counsel and advice.
he was more of a man of the world than most of his colleagues and treated the boys as though they were men of the world too--for instance, he never referred to them as boys.
more than one he took in hand this way; and, though i used to call it--to tease him--his man-to-man manner, i saw that it was effective.
i, too, grew fond of these frank, ingenuous youths.
we used to have them at our house when we could spare an evening--often when we could not.
none of this work, it may be mentioned, is referred to in the annual catalogue or provided for in the annual budget; and yet it is often the most vital and lasting service a teacher renders his students--especially when their silly parents provide them with more pocket money than the professor's entire income for the support of himself, his family, his scholarship and his dignity.
after the success of our book we were called to another college--a full professorship at three thousand a year!
carl loved his alma mater with a passion i sometimes failed to understand; but he could not afford to remain faithful to her forever on vague promises of future favor.
he went to the president and said so plainly, hating the indignity of it and loathing the whole system that made such methods necessary.
the president would gladly have raised all the salaries if he had had the means.
he could not meet the competitor's price, but he begged carl to stay, offering the full title--meaning empty--of professor and a minimum wage of twenty-five hundred dollars, with the promise of full pay when the funds could be raised.
now we had demonstrated that, even on the faculty of an eastern college, two persons could live on fifteen hundred.
therefore, with twenty-five hundred, we could not only exist but work efficiently.
* * * * * i look back on those days as the happiest period of our life together.
congenial work, bright prospects, perfect health, the affection of friends, the respect of rivals--what more could any woman want for her husband or herself?
however, with children came trouble, for which--bless their little hearts!--they are not responsible.
it has been estimated by a member of the mathematical department that, at the present salary rate, each of the college professors of america is entitled to just two-fifths of a child.
should only the financially fit be allowed to survive--to reproduce their species?
should or should not those who may be fittest physically, intellectually and morally also be entitled to the privilege and responsibility of taking their natural part in determining the character of america's future generations, for the evolution of the race and the glory of god?
confronted by a vast array of new and empty borders and rock steps and natural-laid stone, flanking a wall fountain, and other features of a new garden ambitiously planned before the president was so inconsiderate as to declare war without consulting me, and confronted, too, by an empty purse--pardon me, i mean by the voluntarily imposed necessity for economy--i sat me down amid my catalogues, like niobe amid her children, and wept.
(maybe it wasn't amid her children niobe wept, but for them; anyhow i remember her as a symbol of lachrymosity.)
dear, alluring, immoral catalogues, sweet sirens for a man's undoing!
how you sang to me of sedums, and whispered of peonies and irises--yea, even of german irises!
how you spoke in soft, seductive accents of wonderful lilacs, and exquisite spireas, and sweet syringas, murmurous with bees!
how you told of tulips and narcissuses, and a thousand lovely things for beds and borders and rock work--at so much a dozen, so very much a dozen, and a dozen so very few!
i did not resort to cotton in my ears, but to tears and profanity.
i looked, and i admitted, with a blush of shame for ever doubting, that i certainly could not beat it.
but, i suddenly realized, i could steal it!
i have been stealing it ever since, and having an enormously enjoyable time in the bargain.
of course, stealing is a relative term, like anything else connected with morality.
i go out with the trailer hitched to the back of my ford, half a mile in any direction, and i pass roadsides where, if there are any farmer owners of the fields on the other side of the fence, these owners are only too glad to have a few of the massed, invading plants or bushes thinned out.
but far more often there is not even a fence, or if there is, it has heavy woods or a swamp or a wild pasture beyond it.
i could go after plants every day for six months and nobody would ever detect where i took them.
my only rule--self-imposed--is never to take a single specimen, or even one of a small group, and always to take where thinning is useful, and where the land or the roadside is wild and neglected, and no human being can possibly be injured.
most often, indeed, i simply go up the mountain along, or into, my own woods.
i am not going to attempt any botanical or cultural description of what i am now attempting.
that will have to wait, anyhow, till i know a little more about it myself!
but i want to indicate, in a general way, some of the effects which are perfectly possible, i believe, here in a massachusetts garden, without importing a single plant, or even sowing a seed or purchasing any stock from a nursery.
take the matter of asters, for instance.
hitherto my garden, up here in the mountains where the frosts come early and we cannot have anemone, japonica, or chrysanthemums, has generally been a melancholy spectacle after the middle of september.
yet it is just at this time that our roadsides and woodland borders are the most beautiful.
the answer isn't alone asters, but very largely.
and nothing, i have discovered, is much easier to transplant than a new england aster, the showiest of the family.
within the confines of my own farm or its bordering woods are at least seven varieties of asters, and there are more within half a mile.
they range in color from the deepest purple and lilac, through shades of blue, to white, and vary in height from the six feet my new englands have attained in rich garden soil, to one foot.
moreover, by a little care, they can be so massed and alternated in a long border (such a border i have), as to pass in under heavy shade and out again into full sun, from a damp place to a dry place, and yet all be blooming at their best.
and what other flower, at whatever price per dozen, will give you such abundance of beauty without a fear of frosts?
i recently dug up a load of asters in bud, on a rainy day, and already they are in full bloom in their new garden places, without so much as a wilted leaf.
adjoining my farm is an abandoned marble quarry.
in that quarry, or, rather, in the rank grass bordering it, grow thousands of solidago rigida, the big, flat-topped goldenrod.
this is the only station for it in berkshire county.
as the ledges from this quarry come over into my pastures, and doubtless the goldenrod would have come too, had it not been for the sheep, what could be more fitting than for me to make this glorious yellow flower a part of my garden scheme?
surely if anything belongs in my peculiar soil and landscape it does.
it transplants easily, and under cultivation reaches a large size and holds its bloom a long time.
massed with the asters it is superb, and i get it by going through the bars with a shovel and a wheelbarrow.
but a garden of goldenrod and asters would be somewhat dull from may to mid-august, and somewhat monotonous thereafter.
i have no intention, of course, of barring out from my garden the stock perennials, and, indeed, i have already salvaged from my old place or grown from seed the indispensable phloxes, foxgloves, larkspur, hollyhocks, sweet william, climbing roses, platycodons and the like.
but let me merely mention a few of the wild things i have brought in from the immediate neighborhood, and see if they do not promise, when naturally planted where the borders wind under trees, or grouped to the grass in front of asters, ferns, goldenrod and the shrubs i shall mention later, a kind of beauty and interest not to be secured by the usual garden methods.
there are painted trilliums, yellow and pink lady's slippers, orchis spectabilis, hepaticas, bloodroot, violets, jack-in-the-pulpit, masses of baneberries, solomon's seal, true and false; smooth false foxglove, five-flowered and closed gentians, meadow lilies (canadensis) and wood lilies (philadelphicum), the former especially being here so common that i can go out and dig up the bulbs by the score, taking only one or two from any one spot.
these are but a few of the flowers, blooming from early spring to late fall, in the borders, and i have forgotten to mention the little bunch berries from my own woods as an edging plant.
let me turn now for a moment to the hedge and shrubbery screen which must intervene between my west border and the highway, and which is the crux of the garden.
the hedge is already started with hemlocks from the mountain side, put in last spring.
i must admit nursery in-grown evergreens are easier to handle, and make a better and quicker growth.
but i am out now to see how far i can get with absolutely native material.
between the hedge and the border, where at first i dreamed of lilacs and the like, i now visualize as filling up with the kind of growth which lines our roads, and which is no less beautiful and much more fitting.
from my own woods will come in spring (the only safe time to move them) masses of mountain laurel and azalea.
from my own pasture fence-line will come red osier, dogwood, with its white blooms, its blue berries, its winter stem-coloring, and elderberry.
from my own woods have already come several four-foot maple-leaved vibernums, which, though moved in june, throve and have made a fine new growth.
there will be, also, a shadbush or two and certainly some hobble bushes, with here and there a young pine and small, slender canoe birch.
here and there will be a clump of flowering raspberry.
i shall not scorn spireas, and i must have at least one big white syringa to scent the twilight; but the great mass of my screen will be exactly what nature would plant there if she were left alone--minus the choke cherries.
you always have to exercise a little supervision over nature!
a feature of my garden is to be rock work and a little, thin stream of a brooklet flowing away from a wall fountain.
i read in my catalogues of marvellous alpine plants, and i dreamed of irises by my brook.
the war has got to end one of these days.
on the cliffs above my pasture are masses of moss, holding, as a pincushion holds a breastpin, little early saxifrage plants.
from the crannies frail hair bells dangle forth.
there are clumps of purple cliffbrase and other tiny, exquisite ferns.
on a gravel bank beside the state road are thousands of viper's bugloss plants; on a ledge nearby is an entire nursery of sedum acre (the small yellow stone crop).
columbines grow like a weed in my mowing, and so do quaker ladies, which, in england, are highly esteemed in the rock garden.
the greens committee at the nearby golf club will certainly let me dig up some of the gay pinks which are a pest in one of the high, gravelly bunkers.
and these are only a fraction of the native material available for my rock work and bank.
many of them are already in and thriving.
as for the little brook, any pond edge or brookside nearby has arrowheads, forget-me-nots, cardinal flowers, blue flag, clumps of beautiful grasses, monkey flowers, jewel-weed and the like.
there are cowslips, too, and blue vervain, and white violets.
if i want a clump of something tall, joe-pye-weed is not to be disdained.
no, i do not anticipate any trouble about my brookside.
it will not look at all as i thought a year ago it was going to look.
i am tremendously excited now at the prospect of seeing it look like a brook, a little, lazy, trickling yankee brook.
if i ever let it look like anything else, i believe i shall deserve to have my spring dry up.
probably i shall have moments of, for me, comparative affluence in the years to come, when i shall once more listen to the siren song of catalogues, and order japanese irises, darwin tulips, hybrid lilacs, and so on.
but by that time, i feel sure, my native plants and shrubs will have got such a start, and made such a luxuriant, natural tangle, that they will assimilate the aliens and teach them their proper place in a new england garden.
whenever this notice appears in the help wanted column of a city newspaper, fifty to one hundred answers are received in the first twenty-four hours!
when i advertised for a maid at forty dollars a month with board and lodging provided, not a soul answered.
let us look more closely at the first notice.
how pleasant and dignified it sounds; nothing about a general houseworker or maid or servant, just home assistant!
we can almost draw a picture of the kind of young woman who might be called by such a title.
she comes, quiet, dignified, and interested in our home and its problems.
she may have been in an office but has never really liked office work and has always longed for home surroundings and home duties.
i remember one case i was told of--a little stenographer.
she had gladly assumed her new duties as home assistant, and had wept on the first christmas day with the family because it was the only christmas she had spent in years in a home atmosphere.
or perhaps the applicant for the new kind of work in the home may have been employed in a department store and found the continuous standing on her feet too wearing.
she welcomes the frequent change of occupation in her new position.
or she may be married with a little home of her own, but with the desire to add to the family income.
we call these home assistants, miss smith or mrs. jones, and they preserve their own individuality and self-respect.
one full day and one half day off each week, making a total of forty-four hours weekly which is the standard working week in most industrial occupations.
at least two free sundays a month should be given and a convenient week-day substituted for the other two sundays.
if saturday is not the best half day to give, another afternoon may be arranged with the home assistant.
well, possibly you have had to get along without any maid at all, or you may have had some one in your kitchen who is incompetent and slovenly, whom you dare not discharge for fear you can not replace her.
would you rather not have a good interested worker for eight hours a day than none at all?
during that time the home assistant works steadily and specialization is done away with.
she is there to do your work and she does whatever may be called for.
you pay from thirty-five to fifty dollars a month with all the worker's food and lodging provided.
this is at the rate of eight to eleven dollars a week for wages.
food and room cost at least five dollars a week, and most estimates are higher.
the old type of houseworker has cost us more than we have realized.
the new system compares favorably in expense with the old.
under the old system of a twelve to fourteen-hour working day, it would not be feasible, but if she is on the eight-hour basis, the worker can bring a box-luncheon with her, or she can go outside to a restaurant just as she would if she were in an office or factory.
the time spent in eating is not included in her day's work.
try looking for a home assistant for four hours a day to relieve you of just this work.
you would have to pay about a dollar a day or six dollars a week for such service and it would be worth it.
how does the home assistant plan work in households where two or more helpers are kept?
the more complicated homes run several shifts of workers, coming in at different hours and covering every need of the day.
one woman i talked to told me that she studied out her problem in this way!
she did every bit of the work in her house for a while in order to find out how long each job took.
she found, for instance, that it took twenty-five minutes to clean one bathroom, ten minutes to brush down and dust a flight of stairs, thirty minutes to do the dinner dishes, and so on through all the work.
she made out a time-card which showed that twenty-two hours of work a day was needed for her home.
she knew how much money she could spend and she proceeded to divide the work and money among several assistants coming in on different shifts.
one of the splendid things about this new system is its great flexibility and the fact that it can be adapted to any household.
thoughtful and intelligent planning such as this woman gave to her problems is necessary for the greatest success of the plan.
work must be scheduled and planned ahead, the home must be run on business methods if the system is to succeed.
i heard this explained to a group of women not long ago.
she had entirely overlooked her job as forewoman of her own establishment!
all overtime work is paid for at the rate of one and one-half times the hourly rate.
if you are paying your assistant twelve dollars for a forty-four-hour week, you are giving her twenty-eight cents an hour.
one and one half times this amounts to forty-two cents an hour, which she receives for extra work just as she would in the business world.
the lack of systematic preparation has always been one of the troubles with our domestic helpers.
it is true that the new type of girl trained in business to be punctual and alert, and to use her mind, adapts herself very quickly to her work, but the trained worker in any field has an advantage.
with this in mind the central branch of the young women's christian association in new york city has started a training-school for home assistants.
the course provides demonstrations on the preparation of breakfasts, lunches, and dinners, and talks on the following: house-cleaning, laundry, care of children, shopping, planning work, deportment, efficiency, and duty to employer.
this course gives a girl a general knowledge of her duties and what is even more important she acquires the right mental attitude toward her work.
the girls are given an examination and those who successfully pass it are given a certificate and placed as trained home assistants at fifteen dollars a week.
the national association would like to see these training-schools turning out this type of worker for the homes all over the country.
this is a constructive piece of work for women to undertake.
housewives' leagues have interested themselves in this in various centers, and the y.w.c.a.
there are always home economics graduates in every town who could help give the course, and there are excellent housekeepers who excel in some branch who could give a talk or two.
the course would be worth a great deal in results to any community.
the united states employment bureaus are also taking a hand in this, and, with the coperation of the high schools, are placing girls as trained assistants on the new basis.
i have talked with many women who are not only using this plan to-day but have been for several years.
women in boston, providence, new york, cleveland, and in many other cities have become so enthusiastic over their success in running their homes with the home assistants that a number are giving their time to lecturing and talking to groups of women about it.
let me give two concrete illustrations of the practical application of housework on a business basis.
mrs. a. lives in a small city in the middle west.
her household consists of herself, her husband, and her twelve year old son.
she had had the usual string of impossible maids or none at all until she tried the new system.
through a girls' club in a factory in the city, she secured a young woman to work for her at factory hours and wages.
her assistant came at seven-thirty in the morning.
by having the breakfast cereal prepared the night before, breakfast could be served promptly at eight, a plan which was necessary in order that the boy get to school on time.
each morning's work was written out and hung up in the kitchen so that the assistant wasted no time in waiting to know what she had to do.
lunch was at twelve-fifteen, and at one o'clock the home assistant went home.
she came back on regular duty at five-thirty to prepare and serve the dinner.
except for times when there were guests for dinner she was through her work by eight.
when she worked overtime, there was the extra pay to compensate.
mrs. a. paid her thirteen dollars a week and felt that she saved money by the new plan.
the assistant was off duty every other sunday, and on alternate weeks was given all day tuesday off instead of sunday.
tuesday was the day the heavy washing was done and the laundress was there to help with any work which mrs. a. did not feel equal to doing.
even though there are times in the day when she is alone, mrs. a. says she would not go back to the old system for anything.
there are four grown people in the family.
she formerly kept two maids, a cook-laundress, and a waitress-chambermaid.
she often had a great deal of trouble finding a cook who would do the washing.
as her apartment had only one maid's room, she had to give one of the guestrooms to the second maid.
she paid these girls forty dollars apiece and provided them with room and board.
her apartment cost her one hundred and fifteen dollars a month for seven rooms, two of which were occupied by maids.
mrs. b. decided to put her household on the new business basis last fall.
she moved into a five-room apartment which cost her ninety dollars, but she had larger rooms and a newer building with more up-to-date improvements than she had had before.
she saved twenty-five dollars a month on rent plus eighty dollars wages and about thirty dollars on her former maids' food.
all together she had one hundred and thirty-five dollars which could be used for home assistants.
there was no longer any grievance about the washing.
mrs. b. had some one continuously on duty.
the morning assistant was allowed a half hour at noon to eat her luncheon which she brought with her.
as mrs. b. entertained a great deal, especially at luncheon, she arranged to have the schedule of the two assistants overlap at this time of day.
the morning worker, it will be noted, was employed for only six hours.
the afternoon worker was a trained assistant and, therefore, received fifteen dollars a week.
she had an hour off, between three-thirty and four-thirty and was on duty again in time to serve tea or afternoon refreshments.
if there were a number of extra people for dinner, the assistant was expected to stay until nine and there was never any complaining about too much company.
mrs. b. has a better apartment and saves money every month besides!
on that day i took stock of the capital with which i was to step into the world and earn my own living.
i believed that a well conducted tea room in a college town where there was nothing of the kind would pay well, and i proceeded to open a place.
besides having a paid announcement in the college and town papers i had a thousand leaflets printed and distributed.
as it was early in the autumn the flowers were inexpensive and made a brave show.
my only assistant was a young irish woman whom i had engaged for one month as waitress, with the understanding that if my venture succeeded i would engage her permanently.
during the second week my little irish girl and i had so much to do that on several occasions our college boy patrons felt themselves constrained to offer their services as waiters, while more than one of the young professors after a long wait left the room with the remark that they would go elsewhere.
the third week found me not only with a second assistant but with a card posted in a conspicuous place announcing that at the beginning of the next week i would enlarge my quarters in such a way as to accommodate more than twice as many guests.
this was not only to repair and freshen up the new room but also to equip it with more expensive furnishing than i had felt myself justified in buying for the first.
i counted on it to draw custom, but not just in the way it did.
i had noticed that everybody appeared to prefer the new room and that on several occasions when persons telephoning for reservations had been unable to get the promise of a table in there, they had said they would wait and come at another time.
what i had not noticed was that only men coming alone or with other men, and girls coming with other girls, would accept seats in the first room.
they were not only hitting at the cheaper furnishings of my first room but also at the waiter whom i had employed, because i felt the need of a man's help in doing heavy work.
the girl in her fresh apron and cap was more attractive than the man, and because he happened to serve in the first room he also was second class.
i mixed the furniture in such a way as to make the two rooms look practically alike.
i hired another girl and relegated the man to the kitchen except in case of emergency.
i knew it would not only be an economical plan but also a great drawing card, especially with certain of the professors, to be able to say that everything served was made on the place and under my own supervision.
at present i have two entire floors and often have so many waiting that it is next to impossible to pass through the entrance hall.
i heard of the place through a classmate whose family owned a cottage down there.
she described it as deadly dull, because there was nothing to do but bathe and boat unless you were the happy possessor of an automobile or a horse.
i found a stretch of about three miles of beach lined with well appearing and handsome cottages and not a single place of amusement.
the village behind the beach is a lovely old place, with twenty or more handsome old homes surrounded by grand trees.
there are two or three small stores, a post office, two liveries and the railroad station half a mile away.
the cottages told me enough of the character of the people who summered on that beach to make me sure that i would get good interest on all the money spent.
people strolled by and stared at the sign, but nobody came in to try my tea.
the third day i had a call from my landlord, who informed me that he had been misled into letting me have his cottage, and offering to return the amount paid for the first month's rent, he very politely requested me to move out.
they were too stylish and my rooms appeared from the outside to be so brilliantly lighted that they thought i intended to sell liquor.
i told him of my success in the college town and then invited him to bring his family the following afternoon to try my tea.
that evening all the tables on my piazza were filled and there was a slight sprinkling indoors.
a few days later the classmate who had told me of the place came down for the summer and my troubles were at an end.
had i opened either a cheap or a showy place in the college town, i would not have gained the good will of the faculty or the patronage of the best class of students.
if my prices had been too high or the refreshments served not up to the notch, the result would not have been so satisfactory.
people can't stay in the water all the time, neither can they spin around the country or go to an unlighted village at night in their carriages and automobiles.
my tea room offers a recreation, without being a dissipation.
i receive many more invitations than it is possible for me to accept.
i go with the same set of girls that i did while i was in college.
i know that my earnings are far more than any of theirs, and i am sure they do not enjoy their business any more than i do.
you may do this by fattening and dressing chickens for city folks, and by supplying regularly fresh country sausage, hams, lard and eggs.
instead of selling my chickens to the huckster or to the local poultry house for twelve cents a pound, i am selling them to the consumer in the city for twenty cents a pound, live weight, plus the cost of boxing and postage.
i buy young hogs from my neighbors at market prices and make them into extra good country sausage that nets me twenty-five cents a pound in the city, and into hams for which i get twenty-five cents a pound, delivered.
the only pork product on which i do not make an excellent profit is lard.
i get fifteen cents a pound for it, delivered to the city customer, and it costs me almost that much to render and pack it.
at this writing storekeepers and egg buyers in my county are paying the farmer seventeen cents for his eggs.
i am getting twenty-five cents a dozen for eggs in thirty-dozen eases and twenty-nine cents a dozen in two-dozen boxes.
if this price goes up i go up; if it goes down i go down.
i got my customers by newspaper advertising--almost exclusively.
it is a comforting belief that one satisfied customer will get you another, and that that customer will get you another, and so on, but it has not so worked out in my experience.
out of all my customers less than twelve have become customers through the influence of friends.
my experience has taught me another thing: that direct advertising does not pay.
by direct advertising i mean the mailing of letters and circulars to a list of names in the hope of selling something to persons whose names are on that list.
i tried it three times--once to a list of names i bought from a dealer in such lists; once to a list that i myself compiled from the society columns of two chicago dailies; and once to a classified list that i secured from a directory.
the results in these cases were about the same.
the net cost of each new customer that i secured by newspaper advertising was fifty-four cents.
not every city newspaper will get such results.
in my case i selected that paper in chicago which in my judgment went into the greatest number of prosperous homes, and whose pages were kept clean of quack and swindling advertisements.
i used only the sunday issues, because i believe the sunday issues are most thoroughly read.
the farmer will want to use, and properly so, the classified columns of the paper for his advertising.
but he should patronize only that paper whose columns provide a classification especially for farm and food products.
i spent twelve dollars for advertising in one clean chicago daily with a good circulation, and got three orders.
he on the farm who proposes to compete with the shipper, commission man and retailer for the city man's trade should devote his efforts to producing food of a better quality than the city man is accustomed to get via the shipper-commission-man-retailer route.
wherefore i proposed to give the city man the fattest, tenderest, juiciest, cleanest, freshest chicken he could get--and charge him a profitable price in so doing.
when i wrote my advertisements i did not stint myself for space.
an advertisement that tells no reason why the reader should buy from the advertiser is, in my opinion, a poor advertisement.
therefore, i told my story in full to the readers of the sunday paper, although it cost me six cents a word to do it.
here is a sample of my advertising: i send young, milk-fed chickens, ready for the cook, direct to you from the farm.
these chickens are fattened in wire-bottomed, sanitary coops, thus insuring absolute cleanliness, on a ration of meal, middlings and milk.
the ordinary chicken that is fattened on unspeakable filth in the farmer's barnyard, and finds its way to your table via the huckster-shipper-commission-man-retailer route cannot compare with one of mine.
if it does not please you i'll give your money back.
made from the selected meats of young hogs only; not highly seasoned.
these sausage cakes make a breakfast fit for a president.
notice that i told why the reader should buy one of my chickens rather than a chicken of whose antecedents he knew nothing.
that it paid to spend six cents a word to tell him so is proved by the fact that this particular advertisement brought me, in four days, twenty-three orders, each accompanied by a check.
i repeated my advertisements in sunday issues, stopping only when i had as many customers as i could take care of.
getting a customer and keeping him are two different propositions.
a customer's first order is sent because of the representation made in the advertisement that he read.
his second and his subsequent orders depend upon how you satisfy him and continue to satisfy him.
my rule is to select, weigh, dress, draw, handle, wrap and box the chicken with the same scrupulous care that i would exercise if the customer were actually present and watching me.
i have another rule: the customer is always right.
if he complains i satisfy him, immediately and cheerfully.
it is better to lose a chicken than to lose a customer.
i am now about to make a statement with which many of my readers will not agree.
it is more than true; it is so important that the success of a mail-order business in dressed chickens depends upon a realization of it.
if they really consider to be fat the chickens which they have assured me were fat, then they do not know fat chickens.
a chicken can be fat to a degree without being so fat as he can or should be made for the purpose of marketing.
there is a flavor about a well-fattened, milk-fed chicken that no other chicken has.
every interstice of his flesh is juicy and oily.
if you think your chicken is a fat one, pick it up and rub the ball of your thumb across its backbone about an inch behind the base of the wings.
if the backbone is felt clearly and distinctly the chicken is not fat.
i fatten my chickens in coops the floors of which are made of heavy wire having one-inch mesh; underneath the wire is a droppings pan, which is emptied every day.
my coops are built in tiers and long sections.
i have ninety of them, each one accommodating nine chickens.
i have enough portable feeding coops with wire bottoms and droppings pans underneath to enable me to feed, in all, about one thousand chickens at one time.
chickens should be fed from ten to fourteen days in the coops.
i give no feed whatever to the chicken the first day he is in the coop, but i keep a supply of sour milk in the trough for him.
i give them a fairly thick batter of meal, middlings or oat flour, about half and half, and sour milk.
i feed them only what they will clean up in the course of half an hour.
at noon i feed them again only what they will clean up in half an hour.
this feed is the same as the morning feed except that it is thinner.
about four o'clock i give them a trough full of the same feed, but so thick it will barely pour out from the bucket into the trough.
the next morning the troughs are emptied--if anything remains in them--into the big kettle where the feed is mixed for the morning feeding.
the idea is this: more fat and flesh are made at night than in the daytime; therefore see that no chicken goes to bed with an empty crop.
about the eighth to tenth day force the feeding--see to it that the chicken gets all it will eat three times a day.
by keeping an accurate account of the costs of meal, milk, and so on, i find that i can put a pound of fat on a coop-fed chicken for seven cents.
when one considers that this same pound brings twenty cents, and that milk feeding in coops raises the per pound value of the chicken from twelve to twenty cents, one must admit that feeding chickens is more profitable than feeding cattle.
do not feed your chicken anything for twenty-four hours before killing it.
the only weight it will lose will be the weight of the feed in its crop and gizzard, and the offal in its intestines--and you are going to lose that anyway when you dress and draw it.
if you will keep the bird off feed for twenty-four hours you will find that it will draw much more easily and cleanly.
hang the chicken up by the feet and kill it by bleeding it away back in the mouth.
grasp the chicken's head in your left hand, the back of its head against the palm of your hand.
do not hold it by the neck, but grasp it by the bony part of its head and jaws.
reach into the throat with a three-inch, narrow, sharp knife and cut toward the top and front of the head.
if you know how to dry-pick you will not need to be told anything by me; if you do not know it will do you no good to have me tell you, because i do not believe a person can learn to dry-pick chickens by following printed instructions.
i never learned until i hired a professional picker to come out from town to teach me.
so far as i can judge, it makes no difference to the consumer in the city whether the chicken is scalded or dry-picked.
there is this to be said for the scalded chicken--that it is a more cleanly picked chicken than the dry-picked one.
the pin feathers are more easily removed when the chicken is scalded.
on the other hand, there are those feed-specializing, accurate-to-the-ten-thousandth-part-of-an-inch experts, who say that the dry-picked chicken keeps better than the scalded one.
if the weather is warmer than, say, seventy-five degrees, it might; under that, there is no difference.
i do the most of my selling in chicago, and my place is a hundred and fifty miles south of that city; if a scalded chicken will keep when i am selling it that far away it will keep for almost anyone, because none of you is going to sell many chickens at any point more than a hundred and fifty miles from your place.
there is this caution to be observed in scalding a chicken: do not have the water too hot.
i had trouble on this score, and as a result my chickens were dark and did not present an appetizing appearance.
whichever method you use, observe this rule: pick your chicken clean.
after my chicken has cooled out enough so the flesh will cut easily, i draw it.
i chop off the head close up, draw back the skin of the neck a couple of inches, and then cut off the neck.
the flap of skin thus left serves to cover the bloody and unsightly stub of the neck.
next i open up the chicken from behind and below the vent and pull out the gizzard--if the chicken has been kept off feed for twenty-four hours the empty crop will come with it--intestines and liver.
i remove the gall bladder from the liver, open and clean the gizzard, and replace it and the liver in the chicken.
then i cut a slit across the chicken just back of the keel of the breast bone.
i cut the feet off at the knee joint and slip the drumstick through this slit.
then i lay the chicken up to cool out overnight.
the next morning it may be wrapped and boxed, and is then ready for mailing.
wrapping and boxing must not be slighted.
the clean, sanitary appearance of the chicken when it is unpacked in the kitchen of your customer goes a long way toward prejudicing that customer in your favor.
i buy thirty pounds of waxed paper, twenty-four by thirty-six inches, and have the paper house cut it in two.
each chicken is wrapped in one sheet of this waxed paper, and is then packed in a corrugated paper box made especially for sending chickens by parcel post.
one size, which costs me four cents each, will hold one four-pound chicken when dressed and drawn.
the next size, costing five cents each, will hold two very small chickens, or one large chicken.
the third size, costing six cents each, will hold two large chickens, three medium-sized ones, or four small ones.
do not use makeshifts, such as old shoe boxes.
in the first place, your shipment is not properly protected by such a box; in the second place, your postmaster is likely to refuse to accept it for mailing, as he would be justified in doing; and in the third place, your customer receives his chicken in a box that has been used for he wonders what, and has been in he wonders what places.
it is for this reason that i never ask a customer to return a box to me.
i do not want to use a box a second time.
if i were a city man, getting my chickens by mail, i should want them sent to me in a brand-new box, made for the special purpose of sending chickens by mail--and i'd want them in no other box.
the cost of shipping by parcel post is low.
i live ten miles from my county seat, and the postage required to send a five-pound, live-weight chicken, dressed and boxed, from my place to town is eight cents.
the postage required to send that same five-pound chicken from here to chicago, one hundred and fifty miles, is eight cents.
the express company charges twenty-six cents for the same service, and does not deliver so quickly.
but parcel-post delivery was not always so admirably done in chicago.
when i began shipping up there last september it was no uncommon thing for my packages to be so delayed that many chickens would spoil.
i mailed twenty-six chickens one day--and in due course i received thirteen letters, each advising me of the same mournful event.
the chicken had spoiled because of delay in delivery.
i made good the losses to the customers and prepared a label, a copy of which i forwarded to the third assistant postmaster general at washington, asking his permission to use it, and telling him of the vexatious and expensive delays in delivering my packages in chicago.
in due time i received the desired permission, and ordered the labels printed.
every time a package was not delivered on schedule time the customer notified me, and i made complaint to the postmaster at chicago.
gradually the service improved until now i have no trouble at all.
if i were to ship two packages today to the same address in chicago, sending one by parcel post and the other by express, i believe the parcel-post package would be delivered first.
the weakness in the parcel-post delivery lies in the fact that perishable products--such as dressed chickens--cannot be handled in warm weather.
i think that if the post office department would cut some of its red tape and permit the shipment of air-tight packages in air-tight conveyors this particular problem could be solved.
you will, of course, have more or less correspondence with your customers.
by all means use your own letterheads, but do not let your printer embellish them with cuts of roosters, chickens, pigs, or the like.
not that we are ashamed of them; far be it from such.
you do not, however, need to have a sheet of paper littered up with pictures of imaginary animals in order to convince your customer that you are selling the meats of that animal.
i like a plainly printed letterhead that carries my name, my address and my business.
by all means keep books on your farm-to-table venture, if you undertake it.
set down on one side of the page what you pay for boxes, labels, postage, and so on, including what you pay yourself for chickens at your huckster's prices.
on the other side of the page set down what your city customer pays you.
add up the pages, do a simple sum in subtraction, and you will know just how much you have made.
if i kept only twenty-five hens i should sell my eggs and my chickens direct to the city consumer.
when the farmer learns to sell direct instead of letting the huckster, the poultry house, the commission man, the dresser and the retailer stand between him and the consumer, then poultry raising will become really profitable.
you come down and spend a week looking into my horse delivery, and now you tell me to keep my horses.
was the counterquestion of the serious, thick-spectacled young chap.
they climb stairs and wait for receipts.
their rigs are standing at the curb more than half the time.
nothing in gasoline equipment can compete with the horse and wagon under such conditions.
facts learned during his investigation of this business man's delivery problem led the salesman to make suggestions that eliminated waste and increased the effectiveness of his horse rigs.
about a year later, however, this business man sent for the salesman again.
he contemplated motorized hauling for another company of which he was the president.
after two days' study the salesman reported that motor trucks were practicable and that he needed about five of them.
a new kind of salesmanship is being developed in many lines of business--and particularly in the rebuilding of sales organizations made necessary by the ending of the war and return to peace production.
indeed, the word salesman tends to disappear under this new viewpoint, for the organization which was once charged largely with disposing of goods may now be so intimately involved in technical studies of the customers' problems that selling is a secondary part of its work.
the sales department is being renamed, and known as the advisory department or the research staff; while the salesman himself becomes a technical counsel or engineering adviser.
no; simply better expression of broader functions.
as a salesman, probably he gave much attention to the approach and argument with which he gained his customer's attention and confidence.
but, with his new viewpoint and method of attack, perhaps the first step is asking permission to study the customer's transportation needs, or accounting routine, or power plant--or whatever section of the latter's business is involved.
the experience of the thick-spectacled motor-truck salesman was typical.
then came the war, with factory facilities centered on munitions and motor trucks.
there being no more passenger cars to sell, they switched him over into the motor-truck section.
there he floundered for a while, trying to develop sales arguments along the old lines.
but the old arguments did not seem to fit, somehow.
it might have been possible to demonstrate the superior construction of his motor truck; but competitors would meet point with point, and customers were not interested in technicalities anyway.
he tried service as an argument; but that was largely a promise of what motor trucks would do for people after they bought them, and competitors could always promise just as much, and a little more.
his company had a fine one--but motor-truck purchasers wanted to know the cost of moving freight.
no argument at all, because only one other concern made motor trucks calling for so great an initial investment.
so thick-specs, being naturally serious and solid, began to dig into motor trucks from the standpoint of the customer.
he got permission to investigate delivery outfits in many lines.
selling a five-ton motor truck to many a business man was often equivalent to letting johnny play with a loaded machine gun.
such a vehicle combined the potentiality of moving from fifty to seventy-five tons of freight daily, according to routing and the number of hours employed; but it involved a daily expense of twenty-five dollars.
the purchaser could lose money in two ways at swift ratios, and perhaps unsuspectingly: he might not use his full hauling capacity each day or would use it only half the year, during his busy season.
or he might underestimate costs by overlooking such items as interest and depreciation.
thick-specs' first actual sale was not a motor truck at all, but a motorcycle, made by another company.
within three months, however, this motorcycle added two big trucks to a fleet of one dozen operated by a wholesale firm.
that concern had good trucks, and kept them in a well-equipped garage, where maintenance was good.
but at least once daily there would be a road breakdown.
usually this is a minor matter, but it ties up the truck while its puzzled driver tries to locate the trouble.
when a motorcycle was bought for the garage, drivers were forbidden to tamper with machinery on the road--they telephoned in to the superintendent.
by answering each call on his own motorcycle--about an hour daily--the repairman kept equipment in such good shape that valuable extra service was secured from the fleet each day.
the salesman-adviser did not originate this scheme himself, but discovered it in another concern's motor-truck organization; in fact, this is the advantage the salesman-adviser enjoys--acquaintance with a wide range of methods and the knack of carrying a good wrinkle from one business to another.
he brings the outside point of view; and, because modern business runs toward narrow specialization, the outside point of view is pretty nearly always welcome, provided it is honest and sensible.
in another case he had to dig and invent to meet a peculiar situation.
there was a coal company working under a handicap in household deliveries.
where a residence stood back from the sidewalk coal had often to be carried from the motor truck in baskets.
this kept the truck waiting nearly an hour.
a motor truck's time is worth several dollars hourly.
if the coal could have been dumped on the sidewalk and carried in later, releasing the truck, that would have saved expense and made more deliveries possible.
a city ordinance prohibited dumping coal on the sidewalk except by permit.
coal men had never tried to have that ordinance changed.
but the salesman-adviser went straight to the city authorities and, by figures showing the expense and waste involved, secured a modification, so that his customer, the coal company, got a blanket permit for dumping coal and gave bonds as an assurance against abuse of the privilege.
then a little old last year's runabout was bought and followed the coal trucks with a crew to carry the coal indoors, clearing sidewalks quickly.
this salesman-adviser's philosophy was as simple as it was sound.
confidence is the big factor in selling, he reasoned.
your customer will have confidence in you if he feels that you are square and also knows what you are talking about.
by diligent study of gasoline hauling problems in various lines of business he gained practical knowledge and after that had only to apply his knowledge from the customer's side of the problem.
there would not be time to get returns on a costly machine showing economies over a five-year period; but if you intended to run your factory on a five-year basis, then that machine might be highly profitable.
he had a fine following when the draft reached him; and during the eight months he spent in an army uniform he utilized his knowledge of gasoline transportation as an expert in uncle sam's motor service.
upon being discharged he returned to his job and his customers, and to-day the concern with which he is connected is taking steps to put all its motor-truck salesmen on this advisory basis.
war shot its sales force to pieces--the army and the navy reached out for men and tied up production facilities; so there was nothing to sell.
but war also gave a clean slate for planning a new sales force.
as old salesmen return and new men are taken on for sales instruction, this concern trains them--not with the old sales manual, by standard approach and systematic sales argument, but by sending them out into the field to study gasoline hauling problems.
they secure permission to investigate trucking methods of contractors, department stores, wholesale merchants, coal dealers, truck owners hauling interstate freight, mills, factories and other lines of business.
they investigate the kinds and quantities of stuff to be moved, the territory and roads covered, the drivers, the garage facilities.
they ride behind typical loads and check up running time, delays, breakdowns, gasoline and oil consumption.
engineering teaches people to think in curves.
this youngster had to make a curve of the grocer's trucking before he could visualize it himself.
his curve included factors like increase in stuff that had been hauled during the past three years and additions to the motor equipment.
when you have a healthy curve showing any business activity, the logical thing to do, after bringing it right down to date, is to let it run out into the future at its own angle.
this was done with the grocery curve, and its future extension indicated that not more than three months later the grocery house would need about four more five-ton motor trucks.
closer investigation of facts behind the curve revealed an unusual growth in sugar hauling, due to the increase in supply and removal of consumer war restrictions.
and that grocery concern bought additional trucks for sugar within two months.
with the insight made possible by such a curve a salesman might safely have ordered the trucks without his customer's knowledge and driven them up to his door the day the curve showed they were needed.
what has been found to be sound sales policy in the motor truck business applies to many other lines.
yesterday the salesman of technical apparatus sought the customer with a catalogue and a smile--and a large ignorance of the technical problems.
to-day that kind of selling is under suspicion, because purchasers of technical equipment have been led to buy on superficial selling points and left to work out for themselves complex technicalities that belong to the manufacturer of the equipment.
in the west during recent years a large number of pumps of a certain type have been sold for irrigating purposes.
purchasers bought from the catalogue-and-smile type of salesman, hooked their pumps up to a power plant--and found that they lifted only about half the number of gallons a minute promised in the catalogue.
manufacturers honestly believed those pumps would do the work indicated in their ratings.
they had not allowed for variations in capacity where pumps were installed under many different conditions and run by different men.
the situation called for investigation at the customer's end; when it was discovered that these pumps ought to be rated with an allowance for loss of capacity a half to two-thirds of the power, due to friction and lost power.
but when an engineer appeared from the pump company to help customers out of their difficulties, he won confidence immediately and made additional sales because people felt that he knew what he was talking about.
the superintendent of a big machinery concern found that his expense for cutting oils was constantly rising.
salesmen had followed salesmen, recommending magic brands of the stuff; yet each new barrel of oil seemed to do less work than the last--and cost more in dollars.
one day a new kind of visitor showed up and sent in the card of a large oil company.
he was not a salesman, but an investigator of oil problems.
the superintendent took him through the plant.
he studied the work being done by screw-cutting machines, lathes and other equipment operated with cutting oil.
where salesmen had recommended brands without technical knowledge of either the work to be done or the composition of the oil, this stranger wrote specifications that cut down the percentage of costly lard oil used on some work; and he eliminated it altogether on others.
moreover, he pointed out sheer losses of oil by picking up a handful of metal cuttings from a box, letting them drip, measuring the oil that accumulated and recommending a simple device for reclaiming that oil before the waste metal was sold.
this new viewpoint in selling is developing in so many lines that to enumerate them would be to make a national directory of business concerns manufacturing milling machinery, office devices, manufacturing and structural materials, equipment for the farm and the mine.
people who purchase such products have been accustomed to meeting two different representatives of manufacturers: first, the salesman skilled in selling, but deficient in technical knowledge.
he was long on technical knowledge, but probably dumb when it came to salesmanship.
presently manufacturers of equipment woke up to the fact that their mechanical men--inspectors and trouble shooters--had a basis of confidence which the salesman pure and simple was rapidly losing.
moreover, the technical man gained a knowledge of the customer's requirements that furnished the best foundation for selling new equipment.
the salesman discovered the technical man and went to him for tips on new equipment needed by customers whose plants he had visited.
the technical man also discovered the salesman, for it was plain enough that equipment well sold--skillfully adjusted to the customer's needs--gave the least margin for trouble shooting.
so there has been a meeting of minds; and to-day the salesman studies the technicalities, and the technical man is learning salesmanship, and their boss is standing behind them both with a new policy.
this is the policy of performance, not promises--service before sales.
under that policy the very terms salesmanship and sales department are beginning to disappear, to be replaced by new nomenclature, which more accurately indicates what a manufacturer's representative can do for the customer, and gives him access to the latter on the basis of confidence and good will.
were it not for a series of lucky chances that developed into opportunity, this wood-pulp anniversary might have remained for our children's children.
have you ever given thought to the accidentalism of many great discoveries?
the element of haphazard is generally combined with a series of coincidences.
looking back over the developments that led to gigantic contributions to our civilization, one cannot fail to be struck by the coordination of events.
apparently there always has been a conspiracy of natural forces to compel men of thought and resourcefulness to add another asset to progress.
your earliest school readers have been full of these--for instance, watt and his steam-kettle, franklin and his kite.
now the youngsters are reading that the wrights derived a fundamental principle of aviation--the warping-tip--from the flight of crows.
with the awe comes a disquieting thought.
how far back should we be were it not for these fortuitous circumstances?
among all the great things that have been given to the world in the last three-quarters of a century, few measure beside the wood-pulp industry.
with its related trades and sciences, it is comprised within the ten great activities of mankind.
in manufacture and distribution, it employs an army matching in size the russian battle hordes.
its figures of investment and production are comparable to the debts of the great war.
yet it remained for a wasp and gottfried keller to bring us out of the era of rag paper.
together, they saved us from a retardation of universal thought.
when death claimed most of her relatives at the end of the season allotted as the life of a wasp, this survivor, a queen wasp, became the foundress of a family of her own.
she built her nest of selected wood-fibers, softened them to a pulp with her saliva, and kneaded them into cells for her larv.
her family came forth in due course, and their young wings bore them out into the world.
the nest, having served its purpose, was abandoned to the sun and the rain.
maeterlinck, who attributes emotions to plants and souls to bees, might wrap a drama of destiny about this insect.
she would command a leading place in a cast which included the butterfly that gave silk to the world, the mosquito that helped to prove the germ theory of disease, and the caterpillar that loosed the apple which revealed the law of gravitation to sir isaac newton.
as to keller, he was a simple german, by trade a paper-maker and by avocation a scientist of sorts.
had not the tiny dwelling been deserted, he probably would have cherished nothing but bitter reflections about the irascibility of wasps.
as it was, he stooped to see the ruin he had wrought.
the crushed nest lay soft in his hand, soft and pliable, and yet tough in texture.
it was as soft as his own rag-made paper.
it was not paper, and yet it was very much like paper.
crumbling it in his fingers, he decided that its material was wood-pulp.
keller was puzzled to know how so minute a creature had welded wood into a paperlike nest.
his state of mind passed to interest, thence to speculation, and finally to investigation.
he carried his problem and its possibilities to his friend, heinrich voelter, a master mechanic.
they would have to granulate the wood as she had done.
the insect had apparently used spruce; they used spruce under an ordinary grindstone.
hot water served as a substitute for the wasp's salivary juices.
their first attempts gave them a pulp astonishingly similar to that resulting from the choicest rags.
they carried the pulp through to manufacture, with a small proportion of rags added--and they had paper.
it was good paper, paper that had strength.
they found that it possessed an unlooked-for advantage in its quick absorption of printing-ink.
have you followed the chain of accidents, coincidences, and fortunate circumstances?
suppose the wasp had not left her nest in keller's path.
what if he had been in haste, or had been driven off by the queen's yellow-jacketed soldiers?
what if he had no curiosity, if he had not been a paper-maker, if he had not enjoyed acquaintance with voelter?
leaving gottfried keller and voelter in their hour of success, we find, sixteen years afterward, two other germans, albrecht and rudolf pagenstecher, brothers, in the export trade in new york.
they were shipping petroleum to europe for those rising young business men, john d. and william rockefeller.
they were seeking commodities for import when their cousin, alberto pagenstecher, arrived from the fatherland with an interesting bit of news.
to his cousins it seemed preposterous that wood could be so converted, but alberto was convincing.
he showed them voelter's patent grants and pictures of the grinders.
the pagenstechers went to germany, and when they returned they brought two of the grinders--crude affairs devised for the simple purpose of pressing wood upon a stone.
they also brought with them several german mechanics.
a printer in new york, named strang, had already secured the united states rights of the new process.
he was engaged in the manufacture of calendered paper, and, therefore, had no occasion to use wood-pulp; so he was willing to surrender the patents in exchange for a small interest.
the pagenstechers wanted water-power for their grinders, and they located their first mill beside stockbridge bowl, in curtisville, now interlaken, massachusetts.
on an outlay of eleven thousand dollars their mill was built and their machinery installed.
two or three trials, with cotton waste added to the ground wood, gave them their paper.
it was a matter of greater difficulty to dispose of the stock.
the trade fought against the innovation.
finally wellington smith, of the near-by town of lee, massachusetts, was persuaded to try it.
rag-paper had been selling at twenty-four cents a pound.
smith's mill still exhibits the first invoice with the pagenstechers, which shows the purchase of wood-paper at eleven cents.
the paper was hauled to lee in the dead of night, for smith's subordinates wished to spare him from the laughter of his fellow millmen.
it was sold, and proved successful, and the pagenstechers were rushed with orders.
they built a second mill in luzeme, new york, but abandoned it soon afterward for the greater water-power to be obtained at palmer's falls, where now stands the second largest mill in the united states.
manufacturers tumbled over themselves to get the benefit of the new process.
with each new plant the price of paper fell, until at one period it sold at one and a half cents a pound.
trial had proved that spruce was the only suitable wood for the pulp.
then it was found that other coniferous woods might be used to replace the rags, after being submitted to what is called the sulfite process.
in this treatment small cubes of wood, placed in a vat, have their resinous properties extracted, and the wood is disintegrated.
a combination of ground and sulfite wood makes the paper now used for news-print.
as has been told, the primary advantage of the wood-pulp paper was its immediate absorption of ink.
this made possible much greater speed in printing, and led in turn to the development of the great modern newspaper and magazine presses, fed by huge rolls of paper, which they print on both sides simultaneously.
these wonderful machines have now reached the double-octuple stage--monsters capable of turning out no less than five thousand eight-page newspapers in a single minute, or three hundred thousand in an hour.
with the evolution from the flat-bed to the web or rotary presses there came further development in typesetting-machines--the linotype, the monotype, and others.
with paper and presses brought to such simplification, newspapers have sprouted in every town, almost every village, and the total number of american periodicals is counted by tens of thousands.
there are magazines that have a circulation of more than a million copies weekly.
the leading daily newspapers in new york print anywhere from one hundred thousand copies to four times as many, and they can put extra editions on the streets at fifteen-minute intervals.
the aggregate circulation of daily newspapers in the united states is close to forty million copies.
weekly newspapers and periodicals reach fifty millions, and monthly publications mount almost to one hundred millions; and all this would be impossible without wood-pulp paper.
the annual production of wood-pulp in the united states and canada is estimated by albrecht pagenstecher, the survivor of the innovators, to be worth nearly five hundred millions of dollars.
take into consideration the hundreds of thousands employed in the mills, the men who cut and bring in the raw product, the countless number in the printing, publishing, and distributing trades.
then hark back to the accident that put the wasp's nest under the toe of gottfried keller!
the savannah was the first ship equipped with steam power to cross the atlantic ocean.
it was not accompanied by the ceremony that is accorded many of the boats upon similar occasions to-day.
as a matter of fact, it is probable that only a few persons knew that the craft was intended for a transatlantic trip.
the keel of the boat was laid with the idea of building a sailing ship, and the craft was practically completed before capt.
moses rogers, the originator of the venture, induced scarborough & isaacs, ship merchants of savannah, to buy her and fit her with a steam engine for service between savannah and liverpool.
it had three masts which, of course, were of far greater importance in making progress toward its destination than was the steam engine.
rogers had gained a reputation for great courage and skill in sailing.
it was natural, then, that he was especially ambitious to go down in history as the first master of a steam ship to cross the ocean.
as soon as the vessel had been purchased by the savannah ship merchants, the work of installing the engine was begun.
this was built by stephen vail of speedwell, n.j., and the boiler by david dod of elizabeth, n. j.
this was done when it was desired to proceed under canvas exclusively and was also a precaution in rough weather.
in short, the savannah was an auxiliary steamer, a combination of steam and sail that later became well known in shipping.
this is much like the early development of the gasoline marine engine, which was an auxiliary to the sail, a combination that is still used.
it was natural that the arrival of the steamer in english waters should not have been looked upon with any great favor by the englishmen.
in addition to the jeers of the sceptical, the presence of vessels was accompanied by suspicion on the part of the naval authorities, and the merchants were not favorably impressed.
when the savannah approached the english coast with her single stack giving forth volumes of dense black smoke, it was thought by those on shore that she was a ship on fire, and british men-of-war and revenue cutters set out to aid her.
when the truth was known, consternation reigned among the english officers.
they were astonished at the way the craft steamed away from them after they had rushed to assist what they thought was a ship in distress.
the reception of the savannah at liverpool was not particularly cordial.
a close watch was kept on the boat while she lay in british waters, and her departure was welcome.
rogers, being the first vessel of that description that ever crossed the sea, and having excited equal admiration and astonishment as she entered port under the power of her steam.
her wheels, which are of iron, are on the sides, and removable at pleasure.
the captain assures me that the weather in general was extremely unfavorable, or he would have made a much shorter passage; besides that, he was five days delayed in the channel for want of coal.
to have made the first voyage across the atlantic ocean under steam was a great accomplishment and brought no little credit to capt.
pioneers in many ventures, the american people had added another honor to their record.
and this was even more of a credit because in those early days skilled workmen were comparatively few on these shores and the machine shops had not reached a stage of efficiency that came a short time later.
but the whole enterprise of planning a steam voyage in which the boat should be headed due east was characteristic of the boldness and bravery of the americans.
the savannah did not return to the states directly from england.
it steamed from liverpool to st. petersburg and brought forth further comment from the old world.
she proved that the marine steam engine and side-wheels were practicable for deep-sea navigation.
this pioneer voyage, however, was then looked upon more as a novelty than as the inception of a new method of long-distance travel.
the trip had failed to demonstrate that steam was an entirely adequate substitute for the mast and sail in regular service.
since the savannah was primarily a sailing vessel, the loss of steam power by the crippling of the engine would not be serious, as she could continue on her way with paddle-wheels removed and under full sail.
in the interval the marine boiler and the engines had been improved until they had passed the stage of experiment, and coasting voyages had become common on both sides of the atlantic.
the beginning of real transatlantic steam voyages was made by the sirius and the great western.
the latter boat had been built especially for trips across the ocean and the former was taken from the cork and london line.
neither of the vessels carried much sail.
these boats gave more or less irregular service until withdrawn because of their failure to pay expenses.
from that time on the steamer developed with great rapidity, the value of which was never more demonstrated than at the present time.
it will always be remembered, however, that this capt.
rogers with his crude little savannah was the man whose bold enterprise gave birth to the idea of transatlantic travel under steam.
her rusty black bow sturdily shouldered the seas aside or shoved through them with an insistence that brought an angry hail of spray on deck.
the tramp cared little for this protest of the sea or for the threats of more hostile resistance.
through the rainbow kicked up by her forefoot there glimmered and beckoned a mirage of wealthy cities sunk fathoms deep and tenanted only by strange sea creatures.
for the tramp and her crew there was a stranger goal than was ever sought by an argosy of legend.
the lost cities of atlantis and all the wealth that they contain was the port awaiting the searchers under the rim of the western ocean.
it's no wild-goose chase that had started thus unromantically.
the men who hope to gain fame and fortune by this search are sure of their ground and they have all the most modern mechanical and electrical aids for their quest.
on the decks of their ship two submarine boats are cradled in heavy timbers.
one of them is of the usual type, but the other looks like a strange fantasy of another jules verne.
a great electric eye peers cyclops-wise over the bow and reaching ahead of the blunt nose are huge crab-like claws delicate enough to pick up a gold piece and strong enough to tear a wall apart.
these under-water craft are only a part of the equipment that bernard meeker, a young englishman, has provided to help him in his search for the lost city.
there are divers' uniforms specially strengthened to resist the great pressure under which the men must work.
huge electric lamps like searchlights to be lowered into the ocean depths and give light to the workers are stacked close beside powerful generators in the ship's hold.
in the chart room there are rolls of strange maps plotting out the ocean floor, and on a shelf by itself rests the tangible evidence that this search means gold.
it is a little bowl of strange design which was brought up by a diver from the bottom of the caribbean.
when this bowl first came to light it was supposed to be part of loot from a sunken spanish galleon, but antiquarians could find nothing in the art of the orient, or africa, or of peru and mexico to bear out this theory.
even the gold of which it was made was an alloy of a different type from anything on record.
it was this that gave meeker his first idea that there was a city under the sea.
he found out the exact spot from which the divers had recovered the bowl, and compared the reckonings with all the ancient charts which spoke of the location of fabled atlantis.
in one old book he located the lost city as being close to the spot where the divers had been, and with this as a foundation for his theories he asked other questions of the men who had explored that hidden country.
that was enough to take meeker to the caribbean to see for himself.
he had given out that he was sailing for yucatan to search for evidence of prehistoric civilization.
questions followed and meeker had to admit the bare facts of his secret.
those who have furnished the money for the expedition have done so in the hope of solving the mystery of the lost continent, and without thought for the profit.
the divers and the other men of the crew have the wildest dreams of finding hoarded wealth.
it is not at all impossible that their dreams will come true, and that they will be richly rewarded.
at any rate they deserve it, for the work will be dangerous.
with the submarine of the usual type we will first explore that part of the sea bottom which our charts cover.
this vessel has in its conning tower a powerful searchlight which will reveal at least the upper portions of any buildings that may be there.
for work in greater depths we will have to depend on the 'atlantis' with its special equipment of ballast tanks and its hatch-ways for the divers.
instead they will step directly out on the sea floor from a door in the submarine which opens out of an air chamber.
in this the diver can be closed and the air pressure increased until it is high enough to keep out the water.
all that he has to do then is to open the door and step out, trailing behind him a much shorter air hose and life line than would hamper him if he worked from the surface.
these claws work on a joint operated electrically, and on the tip of each is a sensitive electrical apparatus which sets off a signal in the conning tower of the submarine.
crawling over the bottom like a strange monster, the claws will also help to avoid collisions with walls when the depths of the water veils the power of the searchlight.
there is, in addition, a small electric crane on the nose of the submarine so that heavy objects can be borne to the surface.
meeker does not expect to gain much in the way of heavy relics of the lost city, for certain parts of the sea bottom are so covered with ooze that he believes it only possible to clear it away through suction hose long enough to make quick observation possible.
the subaqueous lights which will help this work are powerful tungsten lamps enclosed in a steel shell with a heavy prismatic lens at the bottom.
the generating station on the parent ship of the expedition, as the rusty tramp is known, is as extensive as those on a first class liner or a dreadnought.
little of the power will go for the benefit of the steamer though.
its purpose is to furnish the light for the swinging tungstens and to charge the great storage batteries of the submarines.
these batteries run the many motors on which depends the success of the work.
if it were not for electricity, the searchers would be handicapped.
as it is they call to their aid all the strong magic of modern days.
gives freshmen and sophomores something to write about, and helps them in their writing.
a practice book in sentence-making for college freshmen.
especial emphasis is placed on the relation of thought and speech, technical vocal exercises being subordinated to a study of the principles underlying the expression of ideas.
illustrative selections of both poetry and prose are freely employed.
the point of view throughout is that of the student rather than that of the teacher.
a clear and thorough analysis of the three elements of narrative writing, viz.
this compilation contains twenty-two complete selections of various types of narrative composition.
a textbook for use in college freshman courses.
a textbook for classes in journalism and in advanced english composition.
this fully meets the requirements of courses in journalism as given in our colleges and universities, and at the same time appeals to practical newspaper men.
over two hundred typical stories taken from representative american newspapers are here presented in a form convenient for college classes in journalism.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
it may be thought perhaps that this is a quality of ease rather than a fresh difficulty; but such is the inherently rhythmical strain of the english language, that the bad writerand must i take for example that admired friend of my boyhood, captain reid?the inexperienced writer, as dickens in his earlier attempts to be impressive, and the jaded writer, as any one may see for himself, all tend to fall at once into the production of bad blank verse.
and here it may be pertinently asked, why bad?
and i suppose it might be enough to answer that no man ever made good verse by accident, and that no verse can ever sound otherwise than trivial when uttered with the delivery of prose.
the weak side of verse is the regularity of the beat, which in itself is decidedly less impressive than the movement of the nobler prose; and it is just into this weak side, and this alone, that our careless writer falls.
a peculiar density and mass, consequent on the nearness of the pauses, is one of the chief good qualities of verse; but this our accidental versifier, still following after the swift gait and large gestures of prose, does not so much as aspire to imitate.
lastly, since he remains unconscious that he is making verse at all, it can never occur to him to extract those effects of counterpoint and opposition which i have referred to as the final grace and justification of verse, and, i may add, of blank verse in particular.
but it must not be forgotten that in some languages this element is almost, if not quite, extinct, and that in our own it is probably decaying.
the even speech of many educated americans sounds the note of danger.
i should see it go with something as bitter as despair, but i should not be desperate.
as in verse no element, not even rhythm, is necessary, so, in prose also, other sorts of beauty will arise and take the place and play the part of those that we outlive.
so wonderfully far apart have races wandered in spirit, and so hard it is to understand the literature next door!
yet french prose is distinctly better than english; and french verse, above all while hugo lives, it will not do to place upon one side.
what is more to our purpose, a phrase or a verse in french is easily distinguishable as comely or uncomely.
there is then another element of comeliness hitherto overlooked in this analysis: the contents of the phrase.
each phrase in literature is built of sounds, as each phrase in music consists of notes.
one sound suggests, echoes, demands, and harmonises with another; and the art of rightly using these concordances is the final art in literature.
it used to be a piece of good advice to all young writers to avoid alliteration; and the advice was sound, in so far as it prevented daubing.
none the less for that, was it abominable nonsense, and the mere raving of those blindest of the blind who will not see.
the beauty of the contents of a phrase, or of a sentence, depends implicitly upon alliteration and upon assonance.
the vowel demands to be repeated; the consonant demands to be repeated; and both cry aloud to be perpetually varied.
you may follow the adventures of a letter through any passage that has particularly pleased you; find it, perhaps, denied a while, to tantalise the ear; find it fired again at you in a whole broadside; or find it pass into congenerous sounds, one liquid or labial melting away into another.
and you will find another and much stranger circumstance.
literature is written by and for two senses: a sort of internal ear, quick to perceive unheard melodies; and the eye, which directs the pen and deciphers the printed phrase.
well, even as there are rhymes for the eye, so you will find that there are assonances and alliterations; that where an author is running the open a, deceived by the eye and our strange english spelling, he will often show a tenderness for the flat a; and that where he is running a particular consonant, he will not improbably rejoice to write it down even when it is mute or bears a different value.
here, then, we have a fresh patterna pattern, to speak grossly, of letterswhich makes the fourth preoccupation of the prose writer, and the fifth of the versifier.
at times it is very delicate and hard to perceive, and then perhaps most excellent and winning (i say perhaps); but at times again the elements of this literal melody stand more boldly forward and usurp the ear.
it becomes, therefore, somewhat a matter of conscience to select examples; and as i cannot very well ask the reader to help me, i shall do the next best by giving him the reason or the history of each selection.
the two first, one in prose, one in verse, i chose without previous analysis, simply as engaging passages that had long re-echoed in my ear.
i cannot praise a fugitive and cloistered virtue, unexercised and unbreathed, that never sallies out and sees her adversary, but slinks out of the race where that immortal garland is to be run for, not without dust and heat.
in the next four phrases, from that never down to run for, the mask is thrown off, and, but for a slight repetition of the f and v, the whole matter turns, almost too obtrusively, on s and r; first s coming to the front, and then r. in the concluding phrase all these favourite letters, and even the flat a, a timid preference for which is just perceptible, are discarded at a blow and in a bundle; and to make the break more obvious, every word ends with a dental, and all but one with t, for which we have been cautiously prepared since the beginning.
the singular dignity of the first clause, and this hammer-stroke of the last, go far to make the charm of this exquisite sentence.
but it is fair to own that s and r are used a little coarsely.
in lines two and four, the current s is most delicately varied with z.
in line three, the current flat a is twice varied with the open a, already suggested in line two, and both times (where and sacred) in conjunction with the current r. in the same line f and v (a harmony in themselves, even when shorn of their comrade p) are admirably contrasted.
and in line four there is a marked subsidiary m, which again was announced in line two.
i stop from weariness, for more might yet be said.
my next example was recently quoted from shakespeare as an example of the poets colour sense.
now, i do not think literature has anything to do with colour, or poets anyway the better of such a sense; and i instantly attacked this passage, since purple was the word that had so pleased the writer of the article, to see if there might not be some literary reason for its use.
it will be seen that i succeeded amply; and i am bound to say i think the passage exceptional in shakespeareexceptional, indeed, in literature; but it was not i who chose it.
indeed, the whole passage is a monument of curious ingenuity; and it seems scarce worth while to indicate the subsidiary s, l, and w. in the same article, a second passage from shakespeare was quoted, once again as an example of his colour sense: a mole cinque-spotted like the crimson drops i the bottom of a cowslip.
i had in hand the two-volume edition, and i opened at the beginning of the second volume.
here was what i read: the violence of revolutions is generally proportioned to the degree of the maladministration which has produced them.
it is therefore not strange that the government of scotland, having been during many years greatly more corrupt than the government of england, should have fallen with a far heavier ruin.
the movement against the last king of the house of stuart was in england conservative, in scotland destructive.
the english complained not of the law, but of the violation of the law.
this could be no trick of macaulays; it must be the nature of the english tongue.
in a kind of despair, i turned half-way through the volume; and coming upon his lordship dealing with general cannon, and fresh from claverhouse and killiecrankie, here, with elucidative spelling, was my reward: meanwhile the disorders of kannons kamp went on inkreasing.
he kalled a kouncil of war to konsider what kourse it would be advisable to take.
but as soon as the kouncil had met, a preliminary kuestion was raised.
the army was almost eksklusively a highland army.
the recent vkktory had been won eksklusively by highland warriors.
it was not the english language, then, that was an instrument of one string, but macaulay that was an incomparable dauber.
it was probably from this barbaric love of repeating the same sound, rather than from any design of clearness, that he acquired his irritating habit of repeating words; i say the one rather than the other, because such a trick of the ear is deeper-seated and more original in man than any logical consideration.
few writers, indeed, are probably conscious of the length to which they push this melody of letters.
one, writing very diligently, and only concerned about the meaning of his words and the rhythm of his phrases, was struck into amazement by the eager triumph with which he cancelled one expression to substitute another.
neither changed the sense; both being mono-syllables, neither could affect the scansion; and it was only by looking back on what he had already written that the mystery was solved: the second word contained an open a, and for nearly half a page he had been riding that vowel to the death.
in practice, i should add, the ear is not always so exacting; and ordinary writers, in ordinary moments, content themselves with avoiding what is harsh, and here and there, upon a rare occasion, buttressing a phrase, or linking two together, with a patch of assonance or a momentary jingle of alliteration.
to understand how constant is this preoccupation of good writers, even where its results are least obtrusive, it is only necessary to turn to the bad.
there, indeed, you will find cacophony supreme, the rattle of incongruous consonants only relieved by the jaw-breaking hiatus, and whole phrases not to be articulated by the powers of man.
we have, peculiar to the prose writer, the task of keeping his phrases large, rhythmical, and pleasing to the ear, without ever allowing them to fall into the strictly metrical: peculiar to the versifier, the task of combining and contrasting his double, treble, and quadruple pattern, feet and groups, logic and metreharmonious in diversity: common to both, the task of artfully combining the prime elements of language into phrases that shall be musical in the mouth; the task of weaving their argument into a texture of committed phrases and of rounded periodsbut this particularly binding in the case of prose: and, again common to both, the task of choosing apt, explicit, and communicative words.
we begin to see now what an intricate affair is any perfect passage; how many faculties, whether of taste or pure reason, must be held upon the stretch to make it; and why, when it is made, it should afford us so complete a pleasure.
from the arrangement of according letters, which is altogether arabesque and sensual, up to the architecture of the elegant and pregnant sentence, which is a vigorous act of the pure intellect, there is scarce a faculty in man but has been exercised.
we need not wonder, then, if perfect sentences are rare, and perfect pages rarer.
we may be glad that his experience is so cheering, and we may hope that all others, who deserve it, shall be as handsomely rewarded; but i do not think we need be at all glad to have this question, so important to the public and ourselves, debated solely on the ground of money.
the salary in any business under heaven is not the only, nor indeed the first, question.
that you should continue to exist is a matter for your own consideration; but that your business should be first honest, and second useful, are points in which honour and morality are concerned.
if the writer to whom i refer succeeds in persuading a number of young persons to adopt this way of life with an eye set singly on the livelihood, we must expect them in their works to follow profit only, and we must expect in consequence, if he will pardon me the epithets, a slovenly, base, untrue, and empty literature.
of that writer himself i am not speaking: he is diligent, clean, and pleasing; we all owe him periods of entertainment, and he has achieved an amiable popularity which he has adequately deserved.
but the truth is, he does not, or did not when he first embraced it, regard his profession from this purely mercenary side.
he went into it, i shall venture to say, if not with any noble design, at least in the ardour of a first love; and he enjoyed its practice long before he paused to calculate the wage.
the other day an author was complimented on a piece of work, good in itself and exceptionally good for him, and replied, in terms unworthy of a commercial traveller that as the book was not briskly selling he did not give a copper farthing for its merit.
it must not be supposed that the person to whom this answer was addressed received it as a profession of faith; he knew, on the other hand, that it was only a whiff of irritation; just as we know, when a respectable writer talks of literature as a way of life, like shoemaking, but not so useful, that he is only debating one aspect of a question, and is still clearly conscious of a dozen others more important in themselves and more central to the matter in hand.
but while those who treat literature in this penny-wise and virtue-foolish spirit are themselves truly in possession of a better light, it does not follow that the treatment is decent or improving, whether for themselves or others.
to treat all subjects in the highest, the most honourable, and the pluckiest spirit, consistent with the fact, is the first duty of a writer.
if he be well paid, as i am glad to hear he is, this duty becomes the more urgent, the neglect of it the more disgraceful.
and perhaps there is no subject on which a man should speak so gravely as that industry, whatever it may be, which is the occupation or delight of his life; which is his tool to earn or serve with; and which, if it be unworthy, stamps himself as a mere incubus of dumb and greedy bowels on the shoulders of labouring humanity.
on that subject alone even to force the note might lean to virtues side.
it is to be hoped that a numerous and enterprising generation of writers will follow and surpass the present one; but it would be better if the stream were stayed, and the roll of our old, honest english books were closed, than that esurient book-makers should continue and debase a brave tradition, and lower, in their own eyes, a famous race.
better that our serene temples were deserted than filled with trafficking and juggling priests.
there are two just reasons for the choice of any way of life: the first is inbred taste in the chooser; the second some high utility in the industry selected.
literature, like any other art, is singularly interesting to the artist; and, in a degree peculiar to itself among the arts, it is useful to mankind.
these are the sufficient justifications for any young man or woman who adopts it as the business of his life.
if not so luxuriously as by other trades, then less luxuriously.
the nature of the work he does all day will more affect his happiness than the quality of his dinner at night.
whatever be your calling, and however much it brings you in the year, you could still, you know, get more by cheating.
we all suffer ourselves to be too much concerned about a little poverty; but such considerations should not move us in the choice of that which is to be the business and justification of so great a portion of our lives; and like the missionary, the patriot, or the philosopher, we should all choose that poor and brave career in which we can do the most and best for mankind.
now nature, faithfully followed, proves herself a careful mother.
a lad, for some liking to the jingle of words, betakes himself to letters for his life; by-and-by, when he learns more gravity, he finds that he has chosen better than he knew; that if he earns little, he is earning it amply; that if he receives a small wage, he is in a position to do considerable services; that it is in his power, in some small measure, to protect the oppressed and to defend the truth.
so kindly is the world arranged, such great profit may arise from a small degree of human reliance on oneself, and such, in particular, is the happy star of this trade of writing, that it should combine pleasure and profit to both parties, and be at once agreeable, like fiddling, and useful, like good preaching.
this is to speak of literature at its highest; and with the four great elders who are still spared to our respect and admiration, with carlyle, ruskin, browning, and tennyson before us, it would be cowardly to consider it at first in any lesser aspect.
but while we cannot follow these athletes, while we may none of us, perhaps, be very vigorous, very original, or very wise, i still contend that, in the humblest sort of literary work, we have it in our power either to do great harm or great good.
we may seek merely to please; we may seek, having no higher gift, merely to gratify the idle nine days curiosity of our contemporaries; or we may essay, however feebly, to instruct.
in each of these we shall have to deal with that remarkable art of words which, because it is the dialect of life, comes home so easily and powerfully to the minds of men; and since that is so, we contribute, in each of these branches, to build up the sum of sentiments and appreciations which goes by the name of public opinion or public feeling.
the total of a nations reading, in these days of daily papers, greatly modifies the total of the nations speech; and the speech and reading, taken together, form the efficient educational medium of youth.
a good man or woman may keep a youth some little while in clearer air; but the contemporary atmosphere is all-powerful in the end on the average of mediocre characters.
the mere body of this ugly matter overwhelms the rare utterances of good men; the sneering, the selfish, and the cowardly are scattered in broad sheets on every table, while the antidote, in small volumes, lies unread upon the shelf.
i have spoken of the american and the french, not because they are so much baser, but so much more readable, than the english; their evil is done more effectively, in america for the masses, in french for the few that care to read; but with us as with them, the duties of literature are daily neglected, truth daily perverted and suppressed, and grave subjects daily degraded in the treatment.
the journalist is not reckoned an important officer; yet judge of the good he might do, the harm he does; judge of it by one instance only: that when we find two journals on the reverse sides of politics each, on the same day, openly garbling a piece of news for the interest of its own party, we smile at the discovery (no discovery now!)
as over a good joke and pardonable stratagem.
lying so open is scarce lying, it is true; but one of the things that we profess to teach our young is a respect for truth; and i cannot think this piece of education will be crowned with any great success, so long as some of us practise and the rest openly approve of public falsehood.
there are two duties incumbent upon any man who enters on the business of writing: truth to the fact and a good spirit in the treatment.
in every department of literature, though so low as hardly to deserve the name, truth to the fact is of importance to the education and comfort of mankind, and so hard to preserve, that the faithful trying to do so will lend some dignity to the man who tries it.
our judgments are based upon two things: first, upon the original preferences of our soul; but, second, upon the mass of testimony to the nature of god, man, and the universe which reaches us, in divers manners, from without.
for the most part these divers manners are reducible to one, all that we learn of past times and much that we learn of our own reaching us through the medium of books or papers, and even he who cannot read learning from the same source at second-hand and by the report of him who can.
thus the sum of the contemporary knowledge or ignorance of good and evil is, in large measure, the handiwork of those who write.
those who write have to see that each mans knowledge is, as near as they can make it, answerable to the facts of life; that he shall not suppose himself an angel or a monster; nor take this world for a hell; nor be suffered to imagine that all rights are concentred in his own caste or country, or all veracities in his own parochial creed.
each man should learn what is within him, that he may strive to mend; he must be taught what is without him, that he may be kind to others.
it can never be wrong to tell him the truth; for, in his disputable state, weaving as he goes his theory of life, steering himself, cheering or reproving others, all facts are of the first importance to his conduct; and even if a fact shall discourage or corrupt him, it is still best that he should know it; for it is in this world as it is, and not in a world made easy by educational suppressions, that he must win his way to shame or glory.
in one word, it must always be foul to tell what is false; and it can never be safe to suppress what is true.
every fact is a part of that great puzzle we must set together; and none that comes directly in a writers path but has some nice relations, unperceivable by him, to the totality and bearing of the subject under hand.
yet there are certain classes of fact eternally more necessary than others, and it is with these that literature must first bestir itself.
they are not hard to distinguish, nature once more easily leading us; for the necessary, because the efficacious, facts are those which are most interesting to the natural mind of man.
those which are coloured, picturesque, human, and rooted in morality, and those, on the other hand, which are clear, indisputable, and a part of science, are alone vital in importance, seizing by their interest, or useful to communicate.
so far as the writer merely narrates, he should principally tell of these.
he should tell of the kind and wholesome and beautiful elements of our life; he should tell unsparingly of the evil and sorrow of the present, to move us with instances: he should tell of wise and good people in the past, to excite us by example; and of these he should tell soberly and truthfully, not glossing faults, that we may neither grow discouraged with ourselves nor exacting to our neighbours.
so the body of contemporary literature, ephemeral and feeble in itself, touches in the minds of men the springs of thought and kindness, and supports them (for those who will go at all are easily supported) on their way to what is true and right.
and if, in any degree, it does so now, how much more might it do so if the writers chose!
there is not a life in all the records of the past but, properly studied, might lend a hint and a help to some contemporary.
there is not a juncture in to-days affairs but some useful word may yet be said of it.
even the reporter has an office, and, with clear eyes and honest language, may unveil injustices and point the way to progress.
and for a last word: in all narration there is only one way to be clever, and that is to be exact.
to be vivid is a secondary quality which must presuppose the first; for vividly to convey a wrong impression is only to make failure conspicuous.
but a fact may be viewed on many sides; it may be chronicled with rage, tears, laughter, indifference, or admiration, and by each of these the story will be transformed to something else.
the newspapers that told of the return of our representatives from berlin, even if they had not differed as to the facts, would have sufficiently differed by their spirits; so that the one description would have been a second ovation, and the other a prolonged insult.
the subject makes but a trifling part of any piece of literature, and the view of the writer is itself a fact more important because less disputable than the others.
now this spirit in which a subject is regarded, important in all kinds of literary work, becomes all-important in works of fiction, meditation, or rhapsody; for there it not only colours but itself chooses the facts; not only modifies but shapes the work.
and hence, over the far larger proportion of the field of literature, the health or disease of the writers mind or momentary humour forms not only the leading feature of his work, but is, at bottom, the only thing he can communicate to others.
in all works of art, widely speaking, it is first of all the authors attitude that is narrated, though in the attitude there be implied a whole experience and a theory of life.
an author who has begged the question and reposes in some narrow faith cannot, if he would, express the whole or even many of the sides of this various existence; for, his own life being maim, some of them are not admitted in his theory, and were only dimly and unwillingly recognised in his experience.
hence the smallness, the triteness, and the inhumanity in works of merely sectarian religion; and hence we find equal although unsimilar limitation in works inspired by the spirit of the flesh or the despicable taste for high society.
so that the first duty of any man who is to write is intellectual.
designedly or not, he has so far set himself up for a leader of the minds of men; and he must see that his own mind is kept supple, charitable, and bright.
everything but prejudice should find a voice through him; he should see the good in all things; where he has even a fear that he does not wholly understand, there he should be wholly silent; and he should recognise from the first that he has only one tool in his workshop, and that tool is sympathy.
there are a thousand different humours in the mind, and about each of them, when it is uppermost, some literature tends to be deposited.
not certainly in every case, and yet perhaps in more than rigourists would fancy.
it were to be desired that all literary work, and chiefly works of art, issued from sound, human, healthy, and potent impulses, whether grave or laughing, humorous, romantic, or religious.
yet it cannot be denied that some valuable books are partially insane; some, mostly religious, partially inhuman; and very many tainted with morbidity and impotence.
we do not loathe a masterpiece although we gird against its blemishes.
we are not, above all, to look for faults, but merits.
there is no book perfect, even in design; but there are many that will delight, improve, or encourage the reader.
on the one hand, the hebrew psalms are the only religious poetry on earth; yet they contain sallies that savour rankly of the man of blood.
the book turned in his hands into a masterpiece of appalling morality.
but the truth is, when books are conceived under a great stress, with a soul of ninefold power, nine times heated and electrified by effort, the conditions of our being are seized with such an ample grasp, that, even should the main design be trivial or base, some truth and beauty cannot fail to be expressed.
out of the strong comes forth sweetness; but an ill thing poorly done is an ill thing top and bottom.
and so this can be no encouragement to knock-kneed, feeble-wristed scribes, who must take their business conscientiously or be ashamed to practise it.
man is imperfect; yet, in his literature, he must express himself and his own views and preferences; for to do anything else is to do a far more perilous thing than to risk being immoral: it is to be sure of being untrue.
to ape a sentiment, even a good one, is to travesty a sentiment; that will not be helpful.
to conceal a sentiment, if you are sure you hold it, is to take a liberty with truth.
there is probably no point of view possible to a sane man but contains some truth and, in the true connection, might be profitable to the race.
i am not afraid of the truth, if any one could tell it me, but i am afraid of parts of it impertinently uttered.
there is a time to dance and a time to mourn; to be harsh as well as to be sentimental; to be ascetic as well as to glorify the appetites; and if a man were to combine all these extremes into his work, each in its place and proportion, that work would be the worlds masterpiece of morality as well as of art.
partiality is immorality; for any book is wrong that gives a misleading picture of the world and life.
the trouble is that the weakling must be partial; the work of one proving dank and depressing; of another, cheap and vulgar; of a third, epileptically sensual; of a fourth, sourly ascetic.
in literature as in conduct, you can never hope to do exactly right.
all you can do is to make as sure as possible; and for that there is but one rule.
nothing should be done in a hurry that can be done slowly.
it is no use to write a book and put it by for nine or even ninety years; for in the writing you will have partly convinced yourself; the delay must precede any beginning; and if you meditate a work of art, you should first long roll the subject under the tongue to make sure you like the flavour, before you brew a volume that shall taste of it from end to end; or if you propose to enter on the field of controversy, you should first have thought upon the question under all conditions, in health as well as in sickness, in sorrow as well as in joy.
it is this nearness of examination necessary for any true and kind writing, that makes the practice of the art a prolonged and noble education for the writer.
there is plenty to do, plenty to say, or to say over again, in the meantime.
any literary work which conveys faithful facts or pleasing impressions is a service to the public.
it is even a service to be thankfully proud of having rendered.
the slightest novels are a blessing to those in distress, not chloroform itself a greater.
to please is to serve; and so far from its being difficult to instruct while you amuse, it is difficult to do the one thoroughly without the other.
some part of the writer or his life will crop out in even a vapid book; and to read a novel that was conceived with any force is to multiply experience and to exercise the sympathies.
when any subject falls to be discussed, some scribbler on a paper has the invaluable opportunity of beginning its discussion in a dignified and human spirit; and if there were enough who did so in our public press, neither the public nor the parliament would find it in their minds to drop to meaner thoughts.
the writer has the chance to stumble, by the way, on something pleasing, something interesting, something encouraging, were it only to a single reader.
he will be unfortunate, indeed, if he suit no one.
he has the chance, besides, to stumble on something that a dull person shall be able to comprehend; and for a dull person to have read anything and, for that once, comprehended it, makes a marking epoch in his education.
here, then, is work worth doing and worth trying to do well.
and so, if i were minded to welcome any great accession to our trade, it should not be from any reason of a higher wage, but because it was a trade which was useful in a very great and in a very high degree; which every honest tradesman could make more serviceable to mankind in his single strength; which was difficult to do well and possible to do better every year; which called for scrupulous thought on the part of all who practised it, and hence became a perpetual education to their nobler natures; and which, pay it as you please, in the large majority of the best cases will still be underpaid.
for surely, at this time of day in the nineteenth century, there is nothing that an honest man should fear more timorously than getting and spending more than he deserves.
it is not, indeed, until after some reconnaissance and review that the writer awakes to find himself engaged upon something in the nature of autobiography, or, perhaps worse, upon a chapter in the life of that little, beautiful brother whom we once all had, and whom we have all lost and mourned, the man we ought to have been, the man we hoped to be.
but when word has been passed (even to an editor), it should, if possible, be kept; and if sometimes i am wise and say too little, and sometimes weak and say too much, the blame must lie at the door of the person who entrapped me.
the most influential books, and the truest in their influence, are works of fiction.
they do not pin the reader to a dogma, which he must afterwards discover to be inexact; they do not teach him a lesson, which he must afterwards unlearn.
to be so, they must be reasonably true to the human comedy; and any work that is so serves the turn of instruction.
but the course of our education is answered best by those poems and romances where we breathe a magnanimous atmosphere of thought and meet generous and pious characters.
few living friends have had upon me an influence so strong for good as hamlet or rosalind.
the last character, already well beloved in the reading, i had the good fortune to see, i must think, in an impressionable hour, played by mrs. scott siddons.
nothing has ever more moved, more delighted, more refreshed me; nor has the influence quite passed away.
kents brief speech over the dying lear had a great effect upon my mind, and was the burthen of my reflections for long, so profoundly, so touchingly generous did it appear in sense, so overpowering in expression.
i know not a more human soul, nor, in his way, a finer; i shall be very sorry for the man who is so much of a pedant in morals that he cannot learn from the captain of musketeers.
but of works of art little can be said; their influence is profound and silent, like the influence of nature; they mould by contact; we drink them up like water, and are bettered, yet know not how.
it is in books more specifically didactic that we can follow out the effect, and distinguish and weigh and compare.
that temperate and genial picture of life is a great gift to place in the hands of persons of to-day; they will find in these smiling pages a magazine of heroism and wisdom, all of an antique strain; they will have their linen decencies and excited orthodoxies fluttered, and will (if they have any gift of reading) perceive that these have not been fluttered without some excuse and ground of reason; and (again if they have any gift of reading) they will end by seeing that this old gentleman was in a dozen ways a finer fellow, and held in a dozen ways a nobler view of life, than they or their contemporaries.
the next book, in order of time, to influence me, was the new testament, and in particular the gospel according to st. matthew.
i believe it would startle and move any one if they could make a certain effort of imagination and read it freshly like a book, not droningly and dully like a portion of the bible.
any one would then be able to see in it those truths which we are all courteously supposed to know and all modestly refrain from applying.
but upon this subject it is perhaps better to be silent.
but it is, once more, only a book for those who have the gift of reading.
i will be very franki believe it is so with all good books except, perhaps, fiction.
the average man lives, and must live, so wholly in convention, that gunpowder charges of the truth are more apt to discompose than to invigorate his creed.
either he cries out upon blasphemy and indecency, and crouches the closer round that little idol of part-truths and part-conveniences which is the contemporary deity, or he is convinced by what is new, forgets what is old, and becomes truly blasphemous and indecent himself.
new truth is only useful to supplement the old; rough truth is only wanted to expand, not to destroy, our civil and often elegant conventions.
he who cannot judge had better stick to fiction and the daily papers.
there he will get little harm, and, in the first at least, some good.
close upon the back of my discovery of whitman, i came under the influence of herbert spencer.
no more persuasive rabbi exists, and few better.
how much of his vast structure will bear the touch of time, how much is clay and how much brass, it were too curious to inquire.
i should be much of a hound if i lost my gratitude to herbert spencer.
and yet in his fine devotion to his art, in his honest and serviceable friendship for schiller, what lessons are contained!
biography, usually so false to its office, does here for once perform for us some of the work of fiction, reminding us, that is, of the truly mingled tissue of mans nature, and how huge faults and shining virtues cohabit and persevere in the same character.
history serves us well to this effect, but in the originals, not in the pages of the popular epitomiser, who is bound, by the very nature of his task, to make us feel the difference of epochs instead of the essential identity of man, and even in the originals only to those who can recognise their own human virtues and defects in strange forms, often inverted and under strange names, often interchanged.
martial is a poet of no good repute, and it gives a man new thoughts to read his works dispassionately, and find in this unseemly jesters serious passages the image of a kind, wise, and self-respecting gentleman.
it is customary, i suppose, in reading martial, to leave out these pleasant verses; i never heard of them, at least, until i found them for myself; and this partiality is one among a thousand things that help to build up our distorted and hysterical conception of the great roman empire.
the dispassionate gravity, the noble forgetfulness of self, the tenderness of others, that are there expressed and were practised on so great a scale in the life of its writer, make this book a book quite by itself.
yet it scarcely or rarely appeals to the feelingsthose very mobile, those not very trusty parts of man.
its address lies further back: its lesson comes more deeply home; when you have read, you carry away with you a memory of the man himself; it is as though you had touched a loyal hand, looked into brave eyes, and made a noble friend; there is another bond on you thenceforward, binding you to life and to the love of virtue.
every one has been influenced by wordsworth, and it is hard to tell precisely how.
a certain innocence, a rugged austerity of joy, a sight of the stars, the silence that is in the lonely hills, something of the cold thrill of dawn, cling to his work and give it a particular address to what is best in us.
i do not know that you learn a lesson; you need notmill did notagree with any one of his beliefs; and yet the spell is cast.
such are the best teachers; a dogma learned is only a new errorthe old one was perhaps as good; but a spirit communicated is a perpetual possession.
these best teachers climb beyond teaching to the plane of art; it is themselves, and what is best in themselves, that they communicate.
it is art, if you like, but it belongs purely to didactic art, and from all the novels i have read (and i have read thousands) stands in a place by itself.
here is a nathan for the modern david; here is a book to send the blood into mens faces.
satire, the angry picture of human faults, is not great art; we can all be angry with our neighbour; what we want is to be shown, not his defects, of which we are too conscious, but his merits, to which we are too blind.
it is yourself that is hunted down; these are your own faults that are dragged into the day and numbered, with lingering relish, with cruel cunning and precision.
a young friend of mr. merediths (as i have the story) came to him in an agony.
no, my dear fellow, said the author; he is all of us.
that i should commemorate all is more than i can hope or the editor could ask.
it will be more to the point, after having said so much upon improving books, to say a word or two about the improvable reader.
the gift of reading, as i have called it, is not very common, nor very generally understood.
it consists, first of all, in a vast intellectual endowmenta free grace, i find i must call itby which a man rises to understand that he is not punctually right, nor those from whom he differs absolutely wrong.
he may hold dogmas; he may hold them passionately; and he may know that others hold them but coldly, or hold them differently, or hold them not at all.
well, if he has the gift of reading, these others will be full of meat for him.
they will see the other side of propositions and the other side of virtues.
he need not change his dogma for that, but he may change his reading of that dogma, and he must supplement and correct his deductions from it.
a human truth, which is always very much a lie, hides as much of life as it displays.
it is men who hold another truth, or, as it seems to us, perhaps, a dangerous lie, who can extend our restricted field of knowledge, and rouse our drowsy consciences.
something that seems quite new, or that seems insolently false or very dangerous, is the test of a reader.
if he tries to see what it means, what truth excuses it, he has the gift, and let him read.
if he is merely hurt, or offended, or exclaims upon his authors folly, he had better take to the daily papers; he will never be a reader.
and here, with the aptest illustrative force, after i have laid down my part-truth, i must step in with its opposite.
for, after all, we are vessels of a very limited content.
not all men can read all books; it is only in a chosen few that any man will find his appointed food; and the fittest lessons are the most palatable, and make themselves welcome to the mind.
a writer learns this early, and it is his chief support; he goes on unafraid, laying down the law; and he is sure at heart that most of what he says is demonstrably false, and much of a mingled strain, and some hurtful, and very little good for service; but he is sure besides that when his words fall into the hands of any genuine reader, they will be weighed and winnowed, and only that which suits will be assimilated; and when they fall into the hands of one who cannot intelligently read, they come there quite silent and inarticulate, falling upon deaf ears, and his secret is kept as if he had not written.
passion, wisdom, creative force, the power of mystery or colour, are allotted in the hour of birth, and can be neither learned nor simulated.
but the just and dexterous use of what qualities we have, the proportion of one part to another and to the whole, the elision of the useless, the accentuation of the important, and the preservation of a uniform character from end to endthese, which taken together constitute technical perfection, are to some degree within the reach of industry and intellectual courage.
what to put in and what to leave out; whether some particular fact be organically necessary or purely ornamental; whether, if it be purely ornamental, it may not weaken or obscure the general design; and finally, whether, if we decide to use it, we should do so grossly and notably, or in some conventional disguise: are questions of plastic style continually rearising.
and the sphinx that patrols the highways of executive art has no more unanswerable riddle to propound.
in literature (from which i must draw my instances) the great change of the past century has been effected by the admission of detail.
it was inaugurated by the romantic scott; and at length, by the semi-romantic balzac and his more or less wholly unromantic followers, bound like a duty on the novelist.
for some time it signified and expressed a more ample contemplation of the conditions of mans life; but it has recently (at least in france) fallen into a merely technical and decorative stage, which it is, perhaps, still too harsh to call survival.
with a movement of alarm, the wiser or more timid begin to fall a little back from these extremities; they begin to aspire after a more naked, narrative articulation; after the succinct, the dignified, and the poetic; and as a means to this, after a general lightening of this baggage of detail.
after scott we beheld the starveling storyonce, in the hands of voltaire, as abstract as a parablebegin to be pampered upon facts.
the introduction of these details developed a particular ability of hand; and that ability, childishly indulged, has led to the works that now amaze us on a railway journey.
a man of the unquestionable force of m. zola spends himself on technical successes.
to afford a popular flavour and attract the mob, he adds a steady current of what i may be allowed to call the rancid.
the other day even m. daudet was to be heard babbling of audible colours and visible sounds.
this odd suicide of one branch of the realists may serve to remind us of the fact which underlies a very dusty conflict of the critics.
all representative art, which can be said to live, is both realistic and ideal; and the realism about which we quarrel is a matter purely of externals.
it is no especial cultus of nature and veracity, but a mere whim of veering fashion, that has made us turn our back upon the larger, more various, and more romantic art of yore.
a photographic exactitude in dialogue is now the exclusive fashion; but even in the ablest hands it tells us no morei think it even tells us lessthan molire, wielding his artificial medium, has told to us and to all time of alceste or orgon, dorine or chrysale.
yet truth to the conditions of mans nature and the conditions of mans life, the truth of literary art, is free of the ages.
it may be told us in a carpet comedy, in a novel of adventure, or a fairy tale.
the scene may be pitched in london, on the sea-coast of bohemia, or away on the mountains of beulah.
this question of realism, let it then be clearly understood, regards not in the least degree the fundamental truth, but only the technical method, of a work of art.
be as ideal or as abstract as you please, you will be none the less veracious; but if you be weak, you run the risk of being tedious and inexpressive; and if you be very strong and honest, you may chance upon a masterpiece.
a work of art is first cloudily conceived in the mind; during the period of gestation it stands more clearly forward from these swaddling mists, puts on expressive lineaments, and becomes at length that most faultless, but also, alas!
that incommunicable product of the human mind, a perfected design.
on the approach to execution all is changed.
the artist must now step down, don his working clothes, and become the artisan.
he now resolutely commits his airy conception, his delicate ariel, to the touch of matter; he must decide, almost in a breath, the scale, the style, the spirit, and the particularity of execution of his whole design.
the engendering idea of some works is stylistic; a technical preoccupation stands them instead of some robuster principle of life.
and with these the execution is but play; for the stylistic problem is resolved beforehand, and all large originality of treatment wilfully foregone.
such are the verses, intricately designed, which we have learnt to admire, with a certain smiling admiration, at the hands of mr. lang and mr. dobson; such, too, are those canvases where dexterity or even breadth of plastic style takes the place of pictorial nobility of design.
usually in all works of art that have been conceived from within outwards, and generously nourished from the authors mind, the moment in which he begins to execute is one of extreme perplexity and strain.
artists of indifferent energy and an imperfect devotion to their own ideal make this ungrateful effort once for all; and, having formed a style, adhere to it through life.
but those of a higher order cannot rest content with a process which, as they continue to employ it, must infallibly degenerate towards the academic and the cut-and-dried.
every fresh work in which they embark is the signal for a fresh engagement of the whole forces of their mind; and the changing views which accompany the growth of their experience are marked by still more sweeping alterations in the manner of their art.
so that criticism loves to dwell upon and distinguish the varying periods of a raphael, a shakespeare, or a beethoven.
it is, then, first of all, at this initial and decisive moment when execution is begun, and thenceforth only in a less degree, that the ideal and the real do indeed, like good and evil angels, contend for the direction of the work.
marble, paint, and language, the pen, the needle, and the brush, all have their grossnesses, their ineffable impotences, their hours, if i may so express myself, of insubordination.
it is the work and it is a great part of the delight of any artist to contend with these unruly tools, and now by brute energy, now by witty expedient, to drive and coax them to effect his will.
given these means, so laughably inadequate, and given the interest, the intensity, and the multiplicity of the actual sensation whose effect he is to render with their aid, the artist has one main and necessary resource which he must, in every case and upon any theory, employ.
he must, that is, suppress much and omit more.
he must omit what is tedious or irrelevant, and suppress what is tedious and necessary.
but such facts as, in regard to the main design, subserve a variety of purposes, he will perforce and eagerly retain.
and it is the mark of the very highest order of creative art to be woven exclusively of such.
there, any fact that is registered is contrived a double or a treble debt to pay, and is at once an ornament in its place, and a pillar in the main design.
nothing would find room in such a picture that did not serve, at once, to complete the composition, to accentuate the scheme of colour, to distinguish the planes of distance, and to strike the note of the selected sentiment; nothing would be allowed in such a story that did not, at the same time, expedite the progress of the fable, build up the characters, and strike home the moral or the philosophical design.
as a rule, so far from building the fabric of our works exclusively with these, we are thrown into a rapture if we think we can muster a dozen or a score of them, to be the plums of our confection.
and hence, in order that the canvas may be filled or the story proceed from point to point, other details must be admitted.
upon a doubtful title; many without marriage robes.
thus any work of art, as it proceeds towards completion, too ofteni had almost written alwaysloses in force and poignancy of main design.
our little air is swamped and dwarfed among hardly relevant orchestration; our little passionate story drowns in a deep sea of descriptive eloquence or slipshod talk.
but again, we are rather more tempted to admit those particulars which we know we can describe; and hence those most of all which, having been described very often, have grown to be conventionally treated in the practice of our art.
these we choose, as the mason chooses the acanthus to adorn his capital, because they come naturally to the accustomed hand.
the old stock incidents and accessories, tricks of workmanship and schemes of composition (all being admirably good, or they would long have been forgotten) haunt and tempt our fancy, offer us ready-made but not perfectly appropriate solutions for any problem that arises, and wean us from the study of nature and the uncompromising practice of art.
to struggle, to face nature, to find fresh solutions, and give expression to facts which have not yet been adequately or not yet elegantly expressed, is to run a little upon the danger of extreme self-love.
difficulty sets a high price upon achievement; and the artist may easily fall into the error of the french naturalists, and consider any fact as welcome to admission if it be the ground of brilliant handiwork; or, again, into the error of the modern landscape-painter, who is apt to think that difficulty overcome and science well displayed can take the place of what is, after all, the one excuse and breath of artcharm.
a little further, and he will regard charm in the light of an unworthy sacrifice to prettiness, and the omission of a tedious passage as an infidelity to art.
we have now the matter of this difference before us.
the idealist, his eye singly fixed upon the greater outlines, loves rather to fill up the interval with detail of the conventional order, briefly touched, soberly suppressed in tone, courting neglect.
but the realist, with a fine intemperance, will not suffer the presence of anything so dead as a convention; he shall have all fiery, all hot-pressed from nature, all charactered and notable, seizing the eye.
the style that befits either of these extremes, once chosen, brings with it its necessary disabilities and dangers.
the immediate danger of the realist is to sacrifice the beauty and significance of the whole to local dexterity, or, in the insane pursuit of completion, to immolate his readers under facts; but he comes in the last resort, and as his energy declines, to discard all design, abjure all choice, and, with scientific thoroughness, steadily to communicate matter which is not worth learning.
the danger of the idealist is, of course, to become merely null and lose all grip of fact, particularity, or passion.
everything, indeed, is good which is conceived with honesty and executed with communicative ardour.
but though on neither side is dogmatism fitting, and though in every case the artist must decide for himself, and decide afresh and yet afresh for each succeeding work and new creation; yet one thing may be generally said, that we of the last quarter of the nineteenth century, breathing as we do the intellectual atmosphere of our age, are more apt to err upon the side of realism than to sin in quest of the ideal.
upon that theory it may be well to watch and correct our own decisions, always holding back the hand from the least appearance of irrelevant dexterity, and resolutely fixed to begin no work that is not philosophical, passionate, dignified, happily mirthful, or, at the last and least, romantic in design.
but i am well aware that my paymaster, the great public, regards what else i have written with indifference, if not aversion; if it call upon me at all, it calls on me in the familiar and indelible character; and when i am asked to talk of my first book, no question in the world but what is meant is my first novel.
sooner or later, somehow, anyhow, i was bound to write a novel.
men are born with various manias: from my earliest childhood, it was mine to make a plaything of imaginary series of events; and as soon as i was able to write, i became a good friend to the paper-makers.
i have named but a few of my ill-fated efforts, only such indeed as came to a fair bulk ere they were desisted from; and even so they cover a long vista of years.
rathillet was attempted before fifteen, the vendetta at twenty-nine, and the succession of defeats lasted unbroken till i was thirty-one.
by that time, i had written little books and little essays and short stories; and had got patted on the back and paid for themthough not enough to live upon.
i had quite a reputation, i was the successful man; i passed my days in toil, the futility of which would sometimes make my cheek to burnthat i should spend a mans energy upon this business, and yet could not earn a livelihood: and still there shone ahead of me an unattained ideal: although i had attempted the thing with vigour not less than ten or twelve times, i had not yet written a novel.
allall my pretty oneshad gone for a little, and then stopped inexorably like a schoolboys watch.
i might be compared to a cricketer of many years standing who should never have made a run.
anybody can write a short storya bad one, i meanwho has industry and paper and time enough; but not every one may hope to write even a bad novel.
the accepted novelist may take his novel up and put it down, spend days upon it in vain, and write not any more than he makes haste to blot.
human nature has certain rights; instinctthe instinct of self-preservationforbids that any man (cheered and supported by the consciousness of no previous victory) should endure the miseries of unsuccessful literary toil beyond a period to be measured in weeks.
there must be something for hope to feed upon.
and having begun, what a dread looking forward is that until the book shall be accomplished!
for so long a time, the slant is to continue unchanged, the vein to keep running, for so long a time you must keep at command the same quality of style: for so long a time your puppets are to be always vital, always consistent, always vigorous!
i remember i used to look, in those days, upon every three-volume novel with a sort of veneration, as a featnot possibly of literaturebut at least of physical and moral endurance and the courage of ajax.
in the fated year i came to live with my father and mother at kinnaird, above pitlochry.
then i walked on the red moors and by the side of the golden burn; the rude, pure air of our mountains inspirited, if it did not inspire us, and my wife and i projected a joint volume of logic stories, for which she wrote the shadow on the bed, and i turned out thrawn janet, and a first draft of the merry men.
i love my native air, but it does not love me; and the end of this delightful period was a cold, a fly-blister, and a migration by strathairdle and glenshee to the castleton of braemar.
there it blew a good deal and rained in a proportion; my native air was more unkind than mans ingratitude, and i must consent to pass a good deal of my time between four walls in a house lugubriously known as the late miss mcgregors cottage.
and now admire the finger of predestination.
there was a schoolboy in the late miss mcgregors cottage, home from the holidays, and much in want of something craggy to break his mind upon.
he had no thought of literature; it was the art of raphael that received his fleeting suffrages; and with the aid of pen and ink and a shilling box of water colours, he had soon turned one of the rooms into a picture gallery.
my more immediate duty towards the gallery was to be showman; but i would sometimes unbend a little, join the artist (so to speak) at the easel, and pass the afternoon with him in a generous emulation, making coloured drawings.
on one of these occasions, i made the map of an island; it was elaborately and (i thought) beautifully coloured; the shape of it took my fancy beyond expression; it contained harbours that pleased me like sonnets; and with the unconsciousness of the predestined, i ticketed my performance treasure island.
i am told there are people who do not care for maps, and find it hard to believe.
no child but must remember laying his head in the grass, staring into the infinitesimal forest and seeing it grow populous with fairy armies.
somewhat in this way, as i paused upon my map of treasure island, the future character of the book began to appear there visibly among imaginary woods; and their brown faces and bright weapons peeped out upon me from unexpected quarters, as they passed to and fro, fighting and hunting treasure, on these few square inches of a flat projection.
the next thing i knew i had some papers before me and was writing out a list of chapters.
how often have i done so, and the thing gone no further!
but there seemed elements of success about this enterprise.
it was to be a story for boys; no need of psychology or fine writing; and i had a boy at hand to be a touchstone.
and then i had an idea for john silver from which i promised myself funds of entertainment; to take an admired friend of mine (whom the reader very likely knows and admires as much as i do), to deprive him of all his finer qualities and higher graces of temperament, to leave him with nothing but his strength, his courage, his quickness, and his magnificent geniality, and to try to express these in terms of the culture of a raw tarpaulin.
such psychical surgery is, i think, a common way of making character; perhaps it is, indeed, the only way.
we can put in the quaint figure that spoke a hundred words with us yesterday by the wayside; but do we know him?
our friend, with his infinite variety and flexibility, we knowbut can we put him in?
upon the first, we must engraft secondary and imaginary qualities, possibly all wrong; from the second, knife in hand, we must cut away and deduct the needless arborescence of his nature, but the trunk and the few branches that remain we may at least be fairly sure of.
i have begun (and finished) a number of other books, but i cannot remember to have sat down to one of them with more complacency.
it is not to be wondered at, for stolen waters are proverbially sweet.
no doubt the parrot once belonged to robinson crusoe.
no doubt the skeleton is conveyed from poe.
i think little of these, they are trifles and details; and no man can hope to have a monopoly of skeletons or make a corner in talking birds.
these useful writers had fulfilled the poets saying: departing, they had left behind them footprints on the sands of time, footprints which perhaps anotherand i was the other!
it is my debt to washington irving that exercises my conscience, and justly so, for i believe plagiarism was rarely carried farther.
but i had no guess of it then as i sat writing by the fireside, in what seemed the spring-tides of a somewhat pedestrian inspiration; nor yet day by day, after lunch, as i read aloud my mornings work to the family.
it seemed to me original as sin; it seemed to belong to me like my right eye.
i had counted on one boy, i found i had two in my audience.
my father caught fire at once with all the romance and childishness of his original nature.
his own stories, that every night of his life he put himself to sleep with, dealt perpetually with ships, roadside inns, robbers, old sailors, and commercial travellers before the era of steam.
he never finished one of these romances; the lucky man did not require to!
from that moment on, i have thought highly of his critical faculty; for when he left us, he carried away the manuscript in his portmanteau.
here, then, was everything to keep me up, sympathy, help, and now a positive engagement.
compare it with the almost contemporary merry men, one reader may prefer the one style, one the othertis an affair of character, perhaps of mood; but no expert can fail to see that the one is much more difficult, and the other much easier to maintain.
fifteen days i stuck to it, and turned out fifteen chapters; and then, in the early paragraphs of the sixteenth, ignominiously lost hold.
then i corrected them, living for the most part alone, walking on the heath at weybridge in dewy autumn mornings, a good deal pleased with what i had done, and more appalled than i can depict to you in words at what remained for me to do.
i was indeed very close on despair; but i shut my mouth hard, and during the journey to davos, where i was to pass the winter, had the resolution to think of other things and bury myself in the novels of m. de boisgobey.
arrived at my destination, down i sat one morning to the unfinished tale; and behold!
it had to be transcribed almost exactly; my wife was ill; the schoolboy remained alone of the faithful; and john addington symonds (to whom i timidly mentioned what i was engaged on) looked on me askance.
he was at that time very eager i should write on the characters of theophrastus: so far out may be the judgments of the wisest men.
but symonds (to be sure) was scarce the confidant to go to for sympathy on a boys story.
he was large-minded; a full man, if there was one; but the very name of my enterprise would suggest to him only capitulations of sincerity and solecisms of style.
i liked the tale myself, for much the same reason as my father liked the beginning: it was my kind of picturesque.
i was not a little proud of john silver, also; and to this day rather admire that smooth and formidable adventurer.
what was infinitely more exhilarating, i had passed a landmark; i had finished a tale, and written the end upon my manuscript, as i had not done since the pentland rising, when i was a boy of sixteen not yet at college.
in truth it was so by a set of lucky accidents; had not dr. japp come on his visit, had not the tale flowed from me with singular case, it must have been laid aside like its predecessors, and found a circuitous and unlamented way to the fire.
purists may suggest it would have been better so.
the tale seems to have given much pleasure, and it brought (or, was the means of bringing) fire and food and wine to a deserving family in which i took an interest.
for instance, i had called an islet skeleton island, not knowing what i meant, seeking only for the immediate picturesque, and it was to justify this name that i broke into the gallery of mr. poe and stole flints pointer.
the time came when it was decided to republish, and i sent in my manuscript, and the map along with it, to messrs. cassell.
the proofs came, they were corrected, but i heard nothing of the map.
i wrote and asked; was told it had never been received, and sat aghast.
it is one thing to draw a map at random, set a scale in one corner of it at a venture, and write up a story to the measurements.
it is quite another to have to examine a whole book, make an inventory of all the allusions contained in it, and with a pair of compasses, painfully design a map to suit the data.
i have said the map was the most of the plot.
it is, perhaps, not often that a map figures so largely in a tale, yet it is always important.
the author must know his countryside, whether real or imaginary, like his hand; the distances, the points of the compass, the place of the suns rising, the behaviour of the moon, should all be beyond cavil.
with an almanack, and the map of the country, and the plan of every house, either actually plotted on paper or already and immediately apprehended in the mind, a man may hope to avoid some of the grossest possible blunders.
and it is certainly well, though far from necessary, to avoid such croppers.
but it is my contentionmy superstition, if you likethat who is faithful to his map, and consults it, and draws from it his inspiration, daily and hourly, gains positive support, and not mere negative immunity from accident.
the tale has a root there; it grows in that soil; it has a spine of its own behind the words.
better if the country be real, and he has walked every foot of it and knows every milestone.
it was winter; the night was very dark; the air extraordinary clear and cold, and sweet with the purity of forests.
from a good way below, the river was to be heard contending with ice and boulders: a few lights appeared, scattered unevenly among the darkness, but so far away as not to lessen the sense of isolation.
for the making of a story here were fine conditions.
come, said i to my engine, let us make a tale, a story of many years and countries, of the sea and the land, savagery and civilisation; a story that shall have the same large features, and may be treated in the same summary elliptic method as the book you have been reading and admiring.
i was here brought up with a reflection exceedingly just in itself, but which, as the sequel shows, i failed to profit by.
i saw that marryat, not less than homer, milton, and virgil, profited by the choice of a familiar and legendary subject; so that he prepared his readers on the very title-page; and this set me cudgelling my brains, if by any chance i could hit upon some similar belief to be the centre-piece of my own meditated fiction.
in the course of this vain search there cropped up in my memory a singular case of a buried and resuscitated fakir, which i had been often told by an uncle of mine, then lately dead, inspector-general john balfour.
on such a fine frosty night, with no wind and the thermometer below zero, the brain works with much vivacity; and the next moment i had seen the circumstance transplanted from india and the tropics to the adirondack wilderness and the stringent cold of the canadian border.
here then, almost before i had begun my story, i had two countries, two of the ends of the earth involved: and thus though the notion of the resuscitated man failed entirely on the score of general acceptation, or even (as i have since found) acceptability, it fitted at once with my design of a tale of many lands; and this decided me to consider further of its possibilities.
the man who should thus be buried was the first question: a good man, whose return to life would be hailed by the reader and the other characters with gladness?
this trenched upon the christian picture, and was dismissed.
if the idea, then, was to be of any use at all for me, i had to create a kind of evil genius to his friends and family, take him through many disappearances, and make this final restoration from the pit of death, in the icy american wilderness, the last and the grimmest of the series.
i need not tell my brothers of the craft that i was now in the most interesting moment of an authors life; the hours that followed that night upon the balcony, and the following nights and days, whether walking abroad or lying wakeful in my bed, were hours of unadulterated joy.
my mother, who was then living with me alone, perhaps had less enjoyment; for, in the absence of my wife, who is my usual helper in these times of parturition, i must spur her up at all seasons to hear me relate and try to clarify my unformed fancies.
and while i was groping for the fable and the character required, behold i found them lying ready and nine years old in my memory.
pease porridge hot, pease porridge cold, pease porridge in the pot, nine years old.
was there ever a more complete justification of the rule of horace?
here, thinking of quite other things, i had stumbled on the solution, or perhaps i should rather say (in stagewright phrase) the curtain or final tableau of a story conceived long before on the moors between pitlochry and strathardle, conceived in highland rain, in the blend of the smell of heather and bog-plants, and with a mind full of the athole correspondence and the memories of the dumlicide justice.
so long ago, so far away it was, that i had first evoked the faces and the mutual tragic situation of the men of durrisdeer.
my story was now world-wide enough: scotland, india, and america being all obligatory scenes.
but of these india was strange to me except in books; i had never known any living indian save a parsee, a member of my club in london, equally civilised, and (to all seeing) equally accidental with myself.
it was plain, thus far, that i should have to get into india and out of it again upon a foot of fairy lightness; and i believe this first suggested to me the idea of the chevalier burke for a narrator.
it was at first intended that he should be scottish, and i was then filled with fears that he might prove only the degraded shadow of my own alan breck.
presently, however, it began to occur to me it would be like my master to curry favour with the princes irishmen; and that an irish refugee would have a particular reason to find himself in india with his countryman, the unfortunate lally.
irish, therefore, i decided he should be, and then, all of a sudden, i was aware of a tall shadow across my path, the shadow of barry lyndon.
no man (in lord foppingtons phrase) of a nice morality could go very deep with my master: in the original idea of this story conceived in scotland, this companion had been besides intended to be worse than the bad elder son with whom (as it was then meant) he was to visit scotland; if i took an irishman, and a very bad irishman, in the midst of the eighteenth century, how was i to evade barry lyndon?
the wretch besieged me, offering his services; he gave me excellent references; he proved that he was highly fitted for the work i had to do; he, or my own evil heart, suggested it was easy to disguise his ancient livery wit a little lace and a few frogs and buttons, so that thackeray himself should hardly recognise him.
and then of a sudden there came to me memories of a young irishman, with whom i was once intimate, and had spent long nights walking and talking with, upon a very desolate coast in a bleak autumn: i recalled him as a youth of an extraordinary moral simplicityalmost vacancy; plastic to any influence, the creature of his admirations: and putting such a youth in fancy into the career of a soldier of fortune, it occurred to me that he would serve my turn as well as mr. lyndon, and in place of entering into competition with the master, would afford a slight though a distinct relief.
i know not if i have done him well, though his moral dissertations always highly entertained me: but i own i have been surprised to find that he reminded some critics of barry lyndon after all.
outside, in foreign spots, he comes by surprise and awakens more attention than he had expected; in his own city, the relation is reversed, and he stands amazed to be so little recollected.
elsewhere he is refreshed to see attractive faces, to remark possible friends; there he scouts the long streets, with a pang at heart, for the faces and friends that are no more.
elsewhere he is delighted with the presence of what is new, there tormented by the absence of what is old.
elsewhere he is content to be his present self; there he is smitten with an equal regret for what he once was and for what he once hoped to be.
he was feeling all this dimly, as he drove from the station, on his last visit; he was feeling it still as he alighted at the door of his friend mr. johnstone thomson, w.s., with whom he was to stay.
a hearty welcome, a face not altogether changed, a few words that sounded of old days, a laugh provoked and shared, a glimpse in passing of the snowy cloth and bright decanters and the piranesis on the dining-room wall, brought him to his bed-room with a somewhat lightened cheer, and when he and mr. thomson sat down a few minutes later, cheek by jowl, and pledged the past in a preliminary bumper, he was already almost consoled, he had already almost forgiven himself his two unpardonable errors, that he should ever have left his native city, or ever returned to it.
i have something quite in your way, said mr. thomson.
i wished to do honour to your arrival; because, my dear fellow, it is my own youth that comes back along with you; in a very tattered and withered state, to be sure, butwell!all thats left of it.
a great deal better than nothing, said the editor.
but what is this which is quite in my way?
i was coming to that, said mr. thomson: fate has put it in my power to honour your arrival with something really original by way of dessert.
it may prove to be nothing, and it may prove to be a great deal.
but in the meanwhile it is truly mysterious, no eye having looked on it for near a hundred years; it is highly genteel, for it treats of a titled family; and it ought to be melodramatic, for (according to the superscription) it is concerned with death.
i think i rarely heard a more obscure or a more promising annunciation, the other remarked.
you remember my predecessors, old peter mbrairs business?
i remember him acutely; he could not look at me without a pang of reprobation, and he could not feel the pang without betraying it.
he was to me a man of a great historical interest, but the interest was not returned.
ah well, we go beyond him, said mr. thomson.
i daresay old peter knew as little about this as i do.
you see, i succeeded to a prodigious accumulation of old law-papers and old tin boxes, some of them of peters hoarding, some of his fathers, john, first of the dynasty, a great man in his day.
among other collections were all the papers of the durrisdeers.
my dear fellow, these may be of the greatest interest.
yes, the lamentable deaths of my lord durrisdeer and his brother, the master of ballantrae (attainted in the troubles), said mr. thomson with something the tone of a man quoting.
to say truth, said i, i have only seen some dim reference to the things in memoirs; and heard some traditions dimmer still, through my uncle (whom i think you knew).
my uncle lived when he was a boy in the neighbourhood of st.
brides; he has often told me of the avenue closed up and grown over with grass, the great gates never opened, the last lord and his old maid sister who lived in the back parts of the house, a quiet, plain, poor, hum-drum couple it would seembut pathetic too, as the last of that stirring and brave houseand, to the country folk, faintly terrible from some deformed traditions.
to say truth, it was a letter of my lords that put me on the search for the packet we are going to open this evening.
some papers could not be found; and he wrote to jack mbrair suggesting they might be among those sealed up by a mr. mackellar.
you may fancy if these words struck me: i instituted a hunt through all the mbrair repositories; and at last hit upon that packet which (if you have had enough wine) i propose to show you at once.
in the smoking-room, to which my host now led me, was a packet, fastened with many seals and enclosed in a single sheet of strong paper thus endorsed: papers relating to the lives and lamentable deaths of the late lord durisdeer, and his elder brother james, commonly called master of ballantrae, attainted in the troubles: entrusted into the hands of john mbrair in the lawnmarket of edinburgh, w.s.
as mr. thomson is a married man, i will not say what hour had struck when we laid down the last of the following pages; but i will give a few words of what ensued.
here, said mr. thomson, is a novel ready to your hand: all you have to do is to work up the scenery, develop the characters, and improve the style.
my dear fellow, said i, they are just the three things that i would rather die than set my hand to.
i believe there is nothing so noble as baldness, replied i, and i am sure there is nothing so interesting.
i would have all literature bald, and all authors (if you like) but one.
well, well, said mr. thomson, we shall see.
he runs forth to welcome merit, whether in dickens or trollope, whether in villon, milton, or pope.
this is, in criticism, the attitude we should all seek to preserve; not only in that, but in every branch of literary work.
not the slim green pamphlet with the imprint of andrew elliot, for which (as i see with amazement from the book-lists) the gentlemen of england are willing to pay fancy prices; but its predecessor, a bulky historical romance without a spark of merit, and now deleted from the world.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
hence the cycle of changes which science had shown to be the probable history of the past was welcomed as revealing a law of development towards good in the universe--an evolution or unfolding of an ideal slowly embodying itself in the actual.
but such a view, though it might satisfy spencer and those whom we may call hegelian evolutionists, could not be accepted as adequate by the more whole-hearted votaries of change.
an ideal to which the world continuously approaches is, to these minds, too dead and static to be inspiring.
not only the aspirations, but the ideal too, must change and develop with the course of evolution; there must be no fixed goal, but a continual fashioning of fresh needs by the impulse which is life and which alone gives unity to the process.
a great part of the attractiveness of the classical tradition was due to the partial escape from mechanism which it provided.
the older kind of teleology, therefore, which regarded the end as a fixed goal, already partially visible, towards which we were gradually approaching, is rejected by m. bergson as not allowing enough for the absolute dominion of change.
the doctrine of teleology, in its extreme form, as we find it in leibniz for example, implies that things and beings merely realise a programme previously arranged.
but if there is nothing unforeseen, no invention or creation in the universe, time is useless again.
finalism thus understood is only inverted mechanism.
it springs from the same postulate, with this sole difference, that in the movement of our finite intellects along successive things, whose successiveness is reduced to a mere appearance, it holds in front of us the light with which it claims to guide us, instead of putting it behind.
it substitutes the attraction of the future for the impulsion of the past.
but succession remains none the less a mere appearance, as indeed does movement itself.
in the doctrine of leibniz, time is reduced to a confused perception, relative to the human standpoint, a perception which would vanish, like a rising mist, for a mind seated at the centre of things.
it admits of as many inflections as we like.
the mechanistic philosophy is to be taken or left: it must be left if the least grain of dust, by straying from the path foreseen by mechanics, should show the slightest trace of spontaneity.
the doctrine of final causes, on the contrary, will never be definitively refuted.
if one form of it be put aside, it will take another.
its principle, which is essentially psychological, is very flexible.
it is so extensible, and thereby so comprehensive, that one accepts something of it as soon as one rejects pure mechanism.
m. bergson's form of finalism depends upon his conception of life.
life, in his philosophy, is a continuous stream, in which all divisions are artificial and unreal.
separate things, beginnings and endings, are mere convenient fictions: there is only smooth, unbroken transition.
the beliefs of to-day may count as true to-day, if they carry us along the stream; but to-morrow they will be false, and must be replaced by new beliefs to meet the new situation.
all our thinking consists of convenient fictions, imaginary congealings of the stream: reality flows on in spite of all our fictions, and though it can be lived, it cannot be conceived in thought.
somehow, without explicit statement, the assurance is slipped in that the future, though we cannot foresee it, will be better than the past or the present: the reader is like the child who expects a sweet because it has been told to open its mouth and shut its eyes.
now i do not propose at present to enter upon a technical examination of this philosophy.
at present i wish to make only two criticisms of it--first, that its truth does not follow from what science has rendered probable concerning the facts of evolution, and secondly, that the motives and interests which inspire it are so exclusively practical, and the problems with which it deals are so special, that it can hardly be regarded as really touching any of the questions that to my mind constitute genuine philosophy.
this fact is in itself exceedingly interesting, but it is not the kind of fact from which philosophical consequences follow.
philosophy is general, and takes an impartial interest in all that exists.
the changes suffered by minute portions of matter on the earth's surface are very important to us as active sentient beings; but to us as philosophers they have no greater interest than other changes in portions of matter elsewhere.
and if the changes on the earth's surface during the last few millions of years appear to our present ethical notions to be in the nature of a progress, that gives no ground for believing that progress is a general law of the universe.
except under the influence of desire, no one would admit for a moment so crude a generalisation from such a tiny selection of facts.
what does result, not specially from biology, but from all the sciences which deal with what exists, is that we cannot understand the world unless we can understand change and continuity.
this is even more evident in physics than it is in biology.
but the analysis of change and continuity is not a problem upon which either physics or biology throws any light: it is a problem of a new kind, belonging to a different kind of study.
the question whether evolutionism offers a true or a false answer to this problem is not, therefore, a question to be solved by appeals to particular facts, such as biology and physics reveal.
in assuming dogmatically a certain answer to this question, evolutionism ceases to be scientific, yet it is only in touching on this question that evolutionism reaches the subject-matter of philosophy.
evolutionism thus consists of two parts: one not philosophical, but only a hasty generalisation of the kind which the special sciences might hereafter confirm or confute; the other not scientific, but a mere unsupported dogma, belonging to philosophy by its subject-matter, but in no way deducible from the facts upon which evolution relies.
it is more interested in morality and happiness than in knowledge for its own sake.
it must be admitted that the same may be said of many other philosophies, and that a desire for the kind of knowledge which philosophy really can give is very rare.
but if philosophy is to become scientific--and it is our object to discover how this can be achieved--it is necessary first and foremost that philosophers should acquire the disinterested intellectual curiosity which characterises the genuine man of science.
knowledge concerning the future--which is the kind of knowledge that must be sought if we are to know about human destiny--is possible within certain narrow limits.
it is impossible to say how much the limits may be enlarged with the progress of science.
but what is evident is that any proposition about the future belongs by its subject-matter to some particular science, and is to be ascertained, if at all, by the methods of that science.
philosophy is not a short cut to the same kind of results as those of the other sciences: if it is to be a genuine study, it must have a province of its own, and aim at results which the other sciences can neither prove nor disprove.
the consideration that philosophy, if there is such a study, must consist of propositions which could not occur in the other sciences, is one which has very far-reaching consequences.
all the questions which have what is called a human interest--such, for example, as the question of a future life--belong, at least in theory, to special sciences, and are capable, at least in theory, of being decided by empirical evidence.
philosophers have too often, in the past, permitted themselves to pronounce on empirical questions, and found themselves, as a result, in disastrous conflict with well-attested facts.
we must, therefore, renounce the hope that philosophy can promise satisfaction to our mundane desires.
what it can do, when it is purified from all practical taint, is to help us to understand the general aspects of the world and the logical analysis of familiar but complex things.
through this achievement, by the suggestion of fruitful hypotheses, it may be indirectly useful in other sciences, notably mathematics, physics, and psychology.
but a genuinely scientific philosophy cannot hope to appeal to any except those who have the wish to understand, to escape from intellectual bewilderment.
it offers, in its own domain, the kind of satisfaction which the other sciences offer.
but it does not offer, or attempt to offer, a solution of the problem of human destiny, or of the destiny of the universe.
evolutionism, if what has been said is true, is to be regarded as a hasty generalisation from certain rather special facts, accompanied by a dogmatic rejection of all attempts at analysis, and inspired by interests which are practical rather than theoretical.
in spite, therefore, of its appeal to detailed results in various sciences, it cannot be regarded as any more genuinely scientific than the classical tradition which it has replaced.
how philosophy is to be rendered scientific, and what is the true subject-matter of philosophy, i shall try to show first by examples of certain achieved results, and then more generally.
we will begin with the problem of the physical conceptions of space and time and matter, which, as we have seen, are challenged by the contentions of the evolutionists.
that these conceptions stand in need of reconstruction will be admitted, and is indeed increasingly urged by physicists themselves.
it will also be admitted that the reconstruction must take more account of change and the universal flux than is done in the older mechanics with its fundamental conception of an indestructible matter.
but i do not think the reconstruction required is on bergsonian lines, nor do i think that his rejection of logic can be anything but harmful.
i shall not, however, adopt the method of explicit controversy, but rather the method of independent inquiry, starting from what, in a pre-philosophic stage, appear to be facts, and keeping always as close to these initial data as the requirements of consistency will permit.
although explicit controversy is almost always fruitless in philosophy, owing to the fact that no two philosophers ever understand one another, yet it seems necessary to say something at the outset in justification of the scientific as against the mystical attitude.
metaphysics, from the first, has been developed by the union or the conflict of these two attitudes.
among the earliest greek philosophers, the ionians were more scientific and the sicilians more mystical.
naturally enough, his followers divided into two sects, the lovers of right-angled triangles and the abhorrers of beans; but the former sect died out, leaving, however, a haunting flavour of mysticism over much greek mathematical speculation, and in particular over plato's views on mathematics.
plato, of course, embodies both the scientific and the mystical attitudes in a higher form than his predecessors, but the mystical attitude is distinctly the stronger of the two, and secures ultimate victory whenever the conflict is sharp.
plato, moreover, adopted from the eleatics the device of using logic to defeat common sense, and thus to leave the field clear for mysticism--a device still employed in our own day by the adherents of the classical tradition.
the logic used in defence of mysticism seems to me faulty as logic, and in a later lecture i shall criticise it on this ground.
but the more thorough-going mystics do not employ logic, which they despise: they appeal instead directly to the immediate deliverance of their insight.
now, although fully developed mysticism is rare in the west, some tincture of it colours the thoughts of many people, particularly as regards matters on which they have strong convictions not based on evidence.
in all who seek passionately for the fugitive and difficult goods, the conviction is almost irresistible that there is in the world something deeper, more significant, than the multiplicity of little facts chronicled and classified by science.
behind the veil of these mundane things, they feel, something quite different obscurely shimmers, shining forth clearly in the great moments of illumination, which alone give anything worthy to be called real knowledge of truth.
to seek such moments, therefore, is to them the way of wisdom, rather than, like the man of science, to observe coolly, to analyse without emotion, and to accept without question the equal reality of the trivial and the important.
of the reality or unreality of the mystic's world i know nothing.
i have no wish to deny it, nor even to declare that the insight which reveals it is not a genuine insight.
what i do wish to maintain--and it is here that the scientific attitude becomes imperative--is that insight, untested and unsupported, is an insufficient guarantee of truth, in spite of the fact that much of the most important truth is first suggested by its means.
it is common to speak of an opposition between instinct and reason; in the eighteenth century, the opposition was drawn in favour of reason, but under the influence of rousseau and the romantic movement instinct was given the preference, first by those who rebelled against artificial forms of government and thought, and then, as the purely rationalistic defence of traditional theology became increasingly difficult, by all who felt in science a menace to creeds which they associated with a spiritual outlook on life and the world.
but in fact the opposition of instinct and reason is mainly illusory.
instinct, intuition, or insight is what first leads to the beliefs which subsequent reason confirms or confutes; but the confirmation, where it is possible, consists, in the last analysis, of agreement with other beliefs no less instinctive.
reason is a harmonising, controlling force rather than a creative one.
even in the most purely logical realms, it is insight that first arrives at what is new.
where instinct and reason do sometimes conflict is in regard to single beliefs, held instinctively, and held with such determination that no degree of inconsistency with other beliefs leads to their abandonment.
instinct, like all human faculties, is liable to error.
those in whom reason is weak are often unwilling to admit this as regards themselves, though all admit it in regard to others.
where instinct is least liable to error is in practical matters as to which right judgment is a help to survival; friendship and hostility in others, for instance, are often felt with extraordinary discrimination through very careful disguises.
but even in such matters a wrong impression may be given by reserve or flattery; and in matters less directly practical, such as philosophy deals with, very strong instinctive beliefs may be wholly mistaken, as we may come to know through their perceived inconsistency with other equally strong beliefs.
it is such considerations that necessitate the harmonising mediation of reason, which tests our beliefs by their mutual compatibility, and examines, in doubtful cases, the possible sources of error on the one side and on the other.
in this there is no opposition to instinct as a whole, but only to blind reliance upon some one interesting aspect of instinct to the exclusion of other more commonplace but not less trustworthy aspects.
it is such onesidedness, not instinct itself, that reason aims at correcting.
the first implies that we move round the object; the second that we enter into it.
the first depends on the point of view at which we are placed and on the symbols by which we express ourselves.
the second neither depends on a point of view nor relies on any symbol.
the rest of bergson's philosophy consists in reporting, through the imperfect medium of words, the knowledge gained by intuition, and the consequent complete condemnation of all the pretended knowledge derived from science and common sense.
this procedure, since it takes sides in a conflict of instinctive beliefs, stands in need of justification by proving the greater trustworthiness of the beliefs on one side than of those on the other.
bergson attempts this justification in two ways--first, by explaining that intellect is a purely practical faculty designed to secure biological success; secondly, by mentioning remarkable feats of instinct in animals, and by pointing out characteristics of the world which, though intuition can apprehend them, are baffling to intellect as he interprets it.
of bergson's theory that intellect is a purely practical faculty developed in the struggle for survival, and not a source of true beliefs, we may say, first, that it is only through intellect that we know of the struggle for survival and of the biological ancestry of man: if the intellect is misleading, the whole of this merely inferred history is presumably untrue.
if, on the other hand, we agree with m. bergson in thinking that evolution took place as darwin believed, then it is not only intellect, but all our faculties, that have been developed under the stress of practical utility.
intuition is seen at its best where it is directly useful--for example, in regard to other people's characters and dispositions.
bergson apparently holds that capacity for this kind of knowledge is less explicable by the struggle for existence than, for example, capacity for pure mathematics.
yet the savage deceived by false friendship is likely to pay for his mistake with his life; whereas even in the most civilised societies men are not put to death for mathematical incompetence.
all the most striking of his instances of intuition in animals have a very direct survival value.
the fact is, of course, that both intuition and intellect have been developed because they are useful, and that, speaking broadly, they are useful when they give truth and become harmful when they give falsehood.
intellect, in civilised man, like artistic capacity, has occasionally been developed beyond the point where it is useful to the individual; intuition, on the other hand, seems on the whole to diminish as civilisation increases.
speaking broadly, it is greater in children than in adults, in the uneducated than in the educated.
probably in dogs it exceeds anything to be found in human beings.
but those who find in these facts a recommendation of intuition ought to return to running wild in the woods, dyeing themselves with woad and living on hips and haws.
let us next examine whether intuition possesses any such infallibility as bergson claims for it.
the best instance of it, according to him, is our acquaintance with ourselves; yet self-knowledge is proverbially rare and difficult.
most men, for example, have in their nature meannesses, vanities, and envies of which they are quite unconscious, though even their best friends can perceive them without any difficulty.
it is true that intuition has a convincingness which is lacking to intellect: while it is present, it is almost impossible to doubt its truth.
but if it should appear, on examination, to be at least as fallible as intellect, its greater subjective certainty becomes a demerit, making it only the more irresistibly deceptive.
apart from self-knowledge, one of the most notable examples of intuition is the knowledge people believe themselves to possess of those with whom they are in love: the wall between different personalities seems to become transparent, and people think they see into another soul as into their own.
yet deception in such cases is constantly practised with success; and even where there is no intentional deception, experience gradually proves, as a rule, that the supposed insight was illusory, and that the slower, more groping methods of the intellect are in the long run more reliable.
bergson maintains that intellect can only deal with things in so far as they resemble what has been experienced in the past, while intuition has the power of apprehending the uniqueness and novelty that always belong to each fresh moment.
that there is something unique and new at every moment, is certainly true; it is also true that this cannot be fully expressed by means of intellectual concepts.
only direct acquaintance can give knowledge of what is unique and new.
but direct acquaintance of this kind is given fully in sensation, and does not require, so far as i can see, any special faculty of intuition for its apprehension.
it is neither intellect nor intuition, but sensation, that supplies new data; but when the data are new in any remarkable manner, intellect is much more capable of dealing with them than intuition would be.
the hen with a brood of ducklings no doubt has intuitions which seem to place her inside them, and not merely to know them analytically; but when the ducklings take to the water, the whole apparent intuition is seen to be illusory, and the hen is left helpless on the shore.
intuition, in fact, is an aspect and development of instinct, and, like all instinct, is admirable in those customary surroundings which have moulded the habits of the animal in question, but totally incompetent as soon as the surroundings are changed in a way which demands some non-habitual mode of action.
the theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men.
it is hardly to be supposed, therefore, that the rapid, rough and ready methods of instinct or intuition will find in this field a favourable ground for their application.
it is the older kinds of activity, which bring out our kinship with remote generations of animal and semi-human ancestors, that show intuition at its best.
in such matters as self-preservation and love, intuition will act sometimes (though not always) with a swiftness and precision which are astonishing to the critical intellect.
but philosophy is not one of the pursuits which illustrate our affinity with the past: it is a highly refined, highly civilised pursuit, demanding, for its success, a certain liberation from the life of instinct, and even, at times, a certain aloofness from all mundane hopes and fears.
it is not in philosophy, therefore, that we can hope to see intuition at its best.
on the contrary, since the true objects of philosophy, and the habits of thought demanded for their apprehension, are strange, unusual, and remote, it is here, more almost than anywhere else, that intellect proves superior to intuition, and that quick unanalysed convictions are least deserving of uncritical acceptance.
before embarking upon the somewhat difficult and abstract discussions which lie before us, it will be well to take a survey of the hopes we may retain and the hopes we must abandon.
the hope of satisfaction to our more human desires--the hope of demonstrating that the world has this or that desirable ethical characteristic--is not one which, so far as i can see, philosophy can do anything whatever to satisfy.
the difference between a good world and a bad one is a difference in the particular characteristics of the particular things that exist in these worlds: it is not a sufficiently abstract difference to come within the province of philosophy.
love and hate, for example, are ethical opposites, but to philosophy they are closely analogous attitudes towards objects.
the general form and structure of those attitudes towards objects which constitute mental phenomena is a problem for philosophy; but the difference between love and hate is not a difference of form or structure, and therefore belongs rather to the special science of psychology than to philosophy.
thus the ethical interests which have often inspired philosophers must remain in the background: some kind of ethical interest may inspire the whole study, but none must obtrude in the detail or be expected in the special results which are sought.
if this view seems at first sight disappointing, we may remind ourselves that a similar change has been found necessary in all the other sciences.
the physicist or chemist is not now required to prove the ethical importance of his ions or atoms; the biologist is not expected to prove the utility of the plants or animals which he dissects.
in pre-scientific ages this was not the case.
astronomy, for example, was studied because men believed in astrology: it was thought that the movements of the planets had the most direct and important bearing upon the lives of human beings.
presumably, when this belief decayed and the disinterested study of astronomy began, many who had found astrology absorbingly interesting decided that astronomy had too little human interest to be worthy of study.
the modern physicist, on the contrary, though he has no wish to deny that the earth is admirable, is not concerned, as physicist, with its ethical attributes: he is merely concerned to find out facts, not to consider whether they are good or bad.
in psychology, the scientific attitude is even more recent and more difficult than in the physical sciences: it is natural to consider that human nature is either good or bad, and to suppose that the difference between good and bad, so all-important in practice, must be important in theory also.
it is only during the last century that an ethically neutral science of psychology has grown up; and here too ethical neutrality has been essential to scientific success.
in philosophy, hitherto, ethical neutrality has been seldom sought and hardly ever achieved.
men have remembered their wishes, and have judged philosophies in relation to their wishes.
driven from the particular sciences, the belief that the notions of good and evil must afford a key to the understanding of the world has sought a refuge in philosophy.
but even from this last refuge, if philosophy is not to remain a set of pleasing dreams, this belief must be driven forth.
it is a commonplace that happiness is not best achieved by those who seek it directly; and it would seem that the same is true of the good.
in thought, at any rate, those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires.
the immense extension of our knowledge of facts in recent times has had, as it had in the renaissance, two effects upon the general intellectual outlook.
on the one hand, it has made men distrustful of the truth of wide, ambitious systems: theories come and go swiftly, each serving, for a moment, to classify known facts and promote the search for new ones, but each in turn proving inadequate to deal with the new facts when they have been found.
even those who invent the theories do not, in science, regard them as anything but a temporary makeshift.
the ideal of an all-embracing synthesis, such as the middle ages believed themselves to have attained, recedes further and further beyond the limits of what seems feasible.
in such a world, as in the world of montaigne, nothing seems worth while except the discovery of more and more facts, each in turn the deathblow to some cherished theory; the ordering intellect grows weary, and becomes slovenly through despair.
on the other hand, the new facts have brought new powers; man's physical control over natural forces has been increasing with unexampled rapidity, and promises to increase in the future beyond all easily assignable limits.
the old fixed limits of human power, such as death, or the dependence of the race on an equilibrium of cosmic forces, are forgotten, and no hard facts are allowed to break in upon the dream of omnipotence.
no philosophy is tolerated which sets bounds to man's capacity of gratifying his wishes; and thus the very despair of theory is invoked to silence every whisper of doubt as regards the possibilities of practical achievement.
in the welcoming of new fact, and in the suspicion of dogmatism as regards the universe at large, the modern spirit should, i think, be accepted as wholly an advance.
but both in its practical pretensions and in its theoretical despair it seems to me to go too far.
most of what is greatest in man is called forth in response to the thwarting of his hopes by immutable natural obstacles; by the pretence of omnipotence, he becomes trivial and a little absurd.
and on the theoretical side, ultimate metaphysical truth, though less all-embracing and harder of attainment than it appeared to some philosophers in the past, can, i believe, be discovered by those who are willing to combine the hopefulness, patience, and open-mindedness of science with something of the greek feeling for beauty in the abstract world of logic and for the ultimate intrinsic value in the contemplation of truth.
the philosophy, therefore, which is to be genuinely inspired by the scientific spirit, must deal with somewhat dry and abstract matters, and must not hope to find an answer to the practical problems of life.
to those who wish to understand much of what has in the past been most difficult and obscure in the constitution of the universe, it has great rewards to offer--triumphs as noteworthy as those of newton and darwin, and as important in the long run, for the moulding of our mental habits.
and it brings with it--as a new and powerful method of investigation always does--a sense of power and a hope of progress more reliable and better grounded than any that rests on hasty and fallacious generalisation as to the nature of the universe at large.
many hopes which inspired philosophers in the past it cannot claim to fulfil; but other hopes, more purely intellectual, it can satisfy more fully than former ages could have deemed possible for human minds.
this is not due to any accident, but to the fact that every philosophical problem, when it is subjected to the necessary analysis and purification, is found either to be not really philosophical at all, or else to be, in the sense in which we are using the word, logical.
logic, in the middle ages, and down to the present day in teaching, meant no more than a scholastic collection of technical terms and rules of syllogistic inference.
aristotle had spoken, and it was the part of humbler men merely to repeat the lesson after him.
but it is not this that i mean to praise in saying that all philosophy is logic.
ever since the beginning of the seventeenth century, all vigorous minds that have concerned themselves with inference have abandoned the medival tradition, and in one way or other have widened the scope of logic.
the first extension was the introduction of the inductive method by bacon and galileo--by the former in a theoretical and largely mistaken form, by the latter in actual use in establishing the foundations of modern physics and astronomy.
this is probably the only extension of the old logic which has become familiar to the general educated public.
but induction, important as it is when regarded as a method of investigation, does not seem to remain when its work is done: in the final form of a perfected science, it would seem that everything ought to be deductive.
if induction remains at all, which is a difficult question, it will remain merely as one of the principles according to which deductions are effected.
thus the ultimate result of the introduction of the inductive method seems not the creation of a new kind of non-deductive reasoning, but rather the widening of the scope of deduction by pointing out a way of deducing which is certainly not syllogistic, and does not fit into the medival scheme.
the question of the scope and validity of induction is of great difficulty, and of great importance to our knowledge.
our first instinctive feeling is that we have abundant reason for saying that it will, because it has risen on so many previous mornings.
now, i do not myself know whether this does afford a ground or not, but i am willing to suppose that it does.
the question which then arises is: what is the principle of inference by which we pass from past sunrises to future ones?
the answer given by mill is that the inference depends upon the law of causation.
let us suppose this to be true; then what is the reason for believing in the law of causation?
we are thus brought to the theory that the law is an empirical generalisation, which is the view held by mill.
but if so, how are empirical generalisations to be justified?
the evidence in their favour cannot be empirical, since we wish to argue from what has been observed to what has not been observed, which can only be done by means of some known relation of the observed and the unobserved; but the unobserved, by definition, is not known empirically, and therefore its relation to the observed, if known at all, must be known independently of empirical evidence.
let us see what mill says on this subject.
the process is delusive and insufficient, exactly in proportion as the subject-matter of the observation is special and limited in extent.
as the sphere widens, this unscientific method becomes less and less liable to mislead; and the most universal class of truths, the law of causation for instance, and the principles of number and of geometry, are duly and satisfactorily proved by that method alone, nor are they susceptible of any other proof.
a method of proof which, when used as directed, gives sometimes truth and sometimes falsehood--as the method of simple enumeration does--is obviously not a valid method, for validity demands invariable truth.
thus, if simple enumeration is to be rendered valid, it must not be stated as mill states it.
there are terrible difficulties in the notion of probability, but we may ignore them at present.
if a proposition is true in every instance that we happen to know of, and if the instances are very numerous, then, we shall say, it becomes very probable, on the data, that it will be true in any further instance.
this is not refuted by the fact that what we declare to be probable does not always happen, for an event may be probable on the data and yet not occur.
it is, however, obviously capable of further analysis, and of more exact statement.
some such principle as this is required if the method of simple enumeration is to be valid.
but this brings us to our other question, namely, how is our principle known to be true?
obviously, since it is required to justify induction, it cannot be proved by induction; since it goes beyond the empirical data, it cannot be proved by them alone; since it is required to justify all inferences from empirical data to what goes beyond them, it cannot itself be even rendered in any degree probable by such data.
i do not say that any such principle is known: i only say that it is required to justify the inferences from experience which empiricists allow, and that it cannot itself be justified empirically.
a similar conclusion can be proved by similar arguments concerning any other logical principle.
thus logical knowledge is not derivable from experience alone, and the empiricist's philosophy can therefore not be accepted in its entirety, in spite of its excellence in many matters which lie outside logic.
hegel and his followers widened the scope of logic in quite a different way--a way which i believe to be fallacious, but which requires discussion if only to show how their conception of logic differs from the conception which i wish to advocate.
in their writings, logic is practically identical with metaphysics.
in broad outline, the way this came about is as follows.
i do not myself believe that from this principle alone anything of importance can be inferred as regards the existing universe.
but, however that may be, i should not regard hegel's reasoning, even if it were valid, as properly belonging to logic: it would rather be an application of logic to the actual world.
logic itself would be concerned rather with such questions as what self-consistency is, which hegel, so far as i know, does not discuss.
and though he criticises the traditional logic, and professes to replace it by an improved logic of his own, there is some sense in which the traditional logic, with all its faults, is uncritically and unconsciously assumed throughout his reasoning.
it is not in the direction advocated by him, it seems to me, that the reform of logic is to be sought, but by a more fundamental, more patient, and less ambitious investigation into the presuppositions which his system shares with those of most other philosophers.
mr bradley has worked out a theory according to which, in all judgment, we are ascribing a predicate to reality as a whole; and this theory is derived from hegel.
now the traditional logic holds that every proposition ascribes a predicate to a subject, and from this it easily follows that there can be only one subject, the absolute, for if there were two, the proposition that there were two would not ascribe a predicate to either.
this belief, being traditional, scarcely self-conscious, and not supposed to be important, operates underground, and is assumed in arguments which, like the refutation of relations, appear at first sight such as to establish its truth.
this is the most important respect in which hegel uncritically assumes the traditional logic.
again hegel does not suspect a mistake but proceeds to synthesise particular and universal in the individual, or concrete universal.
this is an example of how, for want of care at the start, vast and imposing systems of philosophy are built upon stupid and trivial confusions, which, but for the almost incredible fact that they are unintentional, one would be tempted to characterise as puns.
there is quite another direction in which a large technical development of logic has taken place: i mean the direction of what is called logistic or mathematical logic.
this kind of logic is mathematical in two different senses: it is itself a branch of mathematics, and it is the logic which is specially applicable to other more traditional branches of mathematics.
in both respects, it is the fulfilment of a hope which leibniz cherished throughout his life, and pursued with all the ardour of his amazing intellectual energy.
much of his work on this subject has been published recently, since his discoveries have been remade by others; but none was published by him, because his results persisted in contradicting certain points in the traditional doctrine of the syllogism.
we now know that on these points the traditional doctrine is wrong, but respect for aristotle prevented leibniz from realising that this was possible.
but in him and his successors, before peano and frege, the only thing really achieved, apart from certain details, was the invention of a mathematical symbolism for deducing consequences from the premisses which the newer methods shared with those of aristotle.
this subject has considerable interest as an independent branch of mathematics, but it has very little to do with real logic.
the first serious advance in real logic since the time of the greeks was made independently by peano and frege--both mathematicians.
they both arrived at their logical results by an analysis of mathematics.
the philosophical importance of logic may be illustrated by the fact that this confusion--which is still committed by most writers--obscured not only the whole study of the forms of judgment and inference, but also the relations of things to their qualities, of concrete existence to abstract concepts, and of the world of sense to the world of platonic ideas.
peano and frege, who pointed out the error, did so for technical reasons, and applied their logic mainly to technical developments; but the philosophical importance of the advance which they made is impossible to exaggerate.
after the beginnings, it belongs rather to mathematics than to philosophy.
but even the later developments, though not directly philosophical, will be found of great indirect use in philosophising.
they enable us to deal easily with more abstract conceptions than merely verbal reasoning can enumerate; they suggest fruitful hypotheses which otherwise could hardly be thought of; and they enable us to see quickly what is the smallest store of materials with which a given logical or scientific edifice can be constructed.
not only frege's theory of number, which we shall deal with in lecturevii., but the whole theory of physical concepts which will be outlined in our next two lectures, is inspired by mathematical logic, and could never have been imagined without it.
the principle will be explained in our fourth lecture, but its use may be briefly indicated in advance.
when a group of objects have that kind of similarity which we are inclined to attribute to possession of a common quality, the principle in question shows that membership of the group will serve all the purposes of the supposed common quality, and that therefore, unless some common quality is actually known, the group or class of similar objects may be used to replace the common quality, which need not be assumed to exist.
in this and other ways, the indirect uses of even the later parts of mathematical logic are very great; but it is now time to turn our attention to its philosophical foundations.
if i say a number of things about socrates--that he was an athenian, that he married xantippe, that he drank the hemlock--there is a common constituent, namely socrates, in all the propositions i enunciate, but they have diverse forms.
if, on the other hand, i take any one of these propositions and replace its constituents, one at a time, by other constituents, the form remains constant, but no constituent remains.
the form remains unchanged throughout this series, but all the constituents are altered.
thus form is not another constituent, but is the way the constituents are put together.
it is forms, in this sense, that are the proper object of philosophical logic.
it is obvious that the knowledge of logical forms is something quite different from knowledge of existing things.
it is something altogether more abstract and remote.
we might understand all the separate words of a sentence without understanding the sentence: if a sentence is long and complicated, this is apt to happen.
in such a case we have knowledge of the constituents, but not of the form.
we may also have knowledge of the form without having knowledge of the constituents.
in order to understand a sentence, it is necessary to have knowledge both of the constituents and of the particular instance of the form.
it is in this way that a sentence conveys information, since it tells us that certain known objects are related according to a certain known form.
thus some kind of knowledge of logical forms, though with most people it is not explicit, is involved in all understanding of discourse.
it is the business of philosophical logic to extract this knowledge from its concrete integuments, and to render it explicit and pure.
in all inference, form alone is essential: the particular subject-matter is irrelevant except as securing the truth of the premisses.
this is one reason for the great importance of logical form.
here no particular things or properties are mentioned: the proposition is absolutely general.
all inferences, when stated fully, are instances of propositions having this kind of generality.
if they seem to depend upon the subject-matter otherwise than as regards the truth of the premisses, that is because the premisses have not been all explicitly stated.
in logic, it is a waste of time to deal with inferences concerning particular cases: we deal throughout with completely general and purely formal implications, leaving it to other sciences to discover when the hypotheses are verified and when they are not.
but the forms of propositions giving rise to inferences are not the simplest forms: they are always hypothetical, stating that if one proposition is true, then so is another.
before considering inference, therefore, logic must consider those simpler forms which inference presupposes.
grammar favours this form, but philosophically it is so far from universal that it is not even very common.
thus propositions stating that two things have a certain relation have a different form from subject-predicate propositions, and the failure to perceive this difference or to allow for it has been the source of many errors in traditional metaphysics.
the belief or unconscious conviction that all propositions are of the subject-predicate form--in other words, that every fact consists in some thing having some quality--has rendered most philosophers incapable of giving any account of the world of science and daily life.
belief in the unreality of the world of sense arises with irresistible force in certain moods--moods which, i imagine, have some simple physiological basis, but are none the less powerfully persuasive.
the conviction born of these moods is the source of most mysticism and of most metaphysics.
when the emotional intensity of such a mood subsides, a man who is in the habit of reasoning will search for logical reasons in favour of the belief which he finds in himself.
but since the belief already exists, he will be very hospitable to any reason that suggests itself.
the paradoxes apparently proved by his logic are really the paradoxes of mysticism, and are the goal which he feels his logic must reach if it is to be in accordance with insight.
it is in this way that logic has been pursued by those of the great philosophers who were mystics--notably plato, spinoza, and hegel.
but since they usually took for granted the supposed insight of the mystic emotion, their logical doctrines were presented with a certain dryness, and were believed by their disciples to be quite independent of the sudden illumination from which they sprang.
it is only so that we can account for the complacency with which philosophers have accepted the inconsistency of their doctrines with all the common and scientific facts which seem best established and most worthy of belief.
the logic of mysticism shows, as is natural, the defects which are inherent in anything malicious.
the logic which thus arises is not quite disinterested or candid, and is inspired by a certain hatred of the daily world to which it is to be applied.
such an attitude naturally does not tend to the best results.
everyone knows that to read an author simply in order to refute him is not the way to understand him; and to read the book of nature with a conviction that it is all illusion is just as unlikely to lead to understanding.
if our logic is to find the common world intelligible, it must not be hostile, but must be inspired by a genuine acceptance such as is not usually to be found among metaphysicians.
traditional logic, since it holds that all propositions have the subject-predicate form, is unable to admit the reality of relations: all relations, it maintains, must be reduced to properties of the apparently related terms.
in order to explain this, i will first explain two independent ways of classifying relations.
some relations, when they hold between a and b, also hold between b and a.
if a is a brother or sister of b, then b is a brother or sister of a.
such again is any kind of similarity, say similarity of colour.
any kind of dissimilarity is also of this kind: if the colour of a is unlike the colour of b, then the colour of b is unlike the colour of a.
thus a relation is symmetrical if, whenever it holds between a and b, it also holds between b and a.
thus husband, father, grandfather, etc., are asymmetrical relations.
all the relations that give rise to series are of this kind.
classification into symmetrical, asymmetrical, and merely non-symmetrical relations is the first of the two classifications we had to consider.
the second is into transitive, intransitive, and merely non-transitive relations, which are defined as follows.
all relations giving rise to series are transitive, but so are many others.
the transitive relations just mentioned were asymmetrical, but many transitive relations are symmetrical--for instance, equality in any respect, exact identity of colour, being equally numerous (as applied to collections), and so on.
all kinds of dissimilarity are non-transitive.
let us now, in the light of this classification, return to the question whether all relations can be reduced to predications.
a symmetrical relation which is transitive, such as equality, can be regarded as expressing possession of some common property, while one which is not transitive, such as inequality, can be regarded as expressing possession of different properties.
but when we come to asymmetrical relations, such as before and after, greater and less, etc., the attempt to reduce them to properties becomes obviously impossible.
for if the other thing had been greater than the one, the magnitudes would also have been different, though the fact to be explained would not have been the same.
asymmetrical relations are involved in all series--in space and time, greater and less, whole and part, and many others of the most important characteristics of the actual world.
all these aspects, therefore, the logic which reduces everything to subjects and predicates is compelled to condemn as error and mere appearance.
to those whose logic is not malicious, such a wholesale condemnation appears impossible.
and in fact there is no reason except prejudice, so far as i can discover, for denying the reality of relations.
if this is to be supposed, it must be frankly and simply on the ground of mystic insight unsupported by argument.
it is impossible to argue against what professes to be insight, so long as it does not argue in its own favour.
as logicians, therefore, we may admit the possibility of the mystic's world, while yet, so long as we do not have his insight, we must continue to study the everyday world with which we are familiar.
but when he contends that our world is impossible, then our logic is ready to repel his attack.
and the first step in creating the logic which is to perform this service is the recognition of the reality of relations.
relations which have two terms are only one kind of relations.
a relation may have three terms, or four, or any number.
relations of two terms, being the simplest, have received more attention than the others, and have generally been alone considered by philosophers, both those who accepted and those who denied the reality of relations.
but other relations have their importance, and are indispensable in the solution of certain problems.
jealousy, for example, is a relation between three people.
thus such relations are by no means recondite or rare.
but in order to explain exactly how they differ from relations of two terms, we must embark upon a classification of the logical forms of facts, which is the first business of logic, and the business in which the traditional logic has been most deficient.
the existing world consists of many things with many qualities and relations.
a complete description of the existing world would require not only a catalogue of the things, but also a mention of all their qualities and relations.
we should have to know not only this, that, and the other thing, but also which was red, which yellow, which was earlier than which, which was between which two others, and so on.
thus, for example, i should not call napoleon a fact, but i should call it a fact that he was ambitious, or that he married josephine.
now a fact, in this sense, is never simple, but always has two or more constituents.
when it simply assigns a quality to a thing, it has only two constituents, the thing and the quality.
when it consists of a relation between two things, it has three constituents, the things and the relation.
when it consists of a relation between three things, it has four constituents, and so on.
when we say that there are relations of more than two terms, we mean that there are single facts consisting of a single relation and more than two things.
i do not mean that one relation of two terms may hold between a and b, and also between a and c, as, for example, a man is the son of his father and also the son of his mother.
this constitutes two distinct facts: if we choose to treat it as one fact, it is a fact which has facts for its constituents.
but the facts i am speaking of have no facts among their constituents, but only things and relations.
for example, when a is jealous of b on account of c, there is only one fact, involving three people; there are not two instances of jealousy, but only one.
it is in such cases that i speak of a relation of three terms, where the simplest possible fact in which the relation occurs is one involving three things in addition to the relation.
and the same applies to relations of four terms or five or any other number.
all such relations must be admitted in our inventory of the logical forms of facts: two facts involving the same number of things have the same form, and two which involve different numbers of things have different forms.
given any fact, there is an assertion which expresses the fact.
the fact itself is objective, and independent of our thought or opinion about it; but the assertion is something which involves thought, and may be either true or false.
an assertion may be positive or negative: we may assert that charlesi.
thus a proposition is the same as what may be significantly asserted or denied.
atomic propositions, although, like facts, they may have any one of an infinite number of forms, are only one kind of propositions.
thus atomic facts are what determine whether atomic propositions are to be asserted or denied.
perhaps one atomic fact may sometimes be capable of being inferred from another, though this seems very doubtful; but in any case it cannot be inferred from premisses no one of which is an atomic fact.
it follows that, if atomic facts are to be known at all, some at least must be known without inference.
the atomic facts which we come to know in this way are the facts of sense-perception; at any rate, the facts of sense-perception are those which we most obviously and certainly come to know in this way.
if we knew all atomic facts, and also knew that there were none except those we knew, we should, theoretically, be able to infer all truths of whatever form.
but in the first acquisition of knowledge concerning atomic facts, logic is useless.
in pure logic, no atomic fact is ever mentioned: we confine ourselves wholly to forms, without asking ourselves what objects can fill the forms.
thus pure logic is independent of atomic facts; but conversely, they are, in a sense, independent of logic.
but between the two lies a vast intermediate region, which we must now briefly explore.
such facts, though not strictly atomic, must be supposed included if the statement in the text is to be true.
this assertion is just as capable of truth or falsehood as the assertion of an atomic proposition, but it is obvious that either the corresponding fact, or the nature of the correspondence with fact, must be quite different from what it is in the case of an atomic proposition.
whether it rains, and whether i bring my umbrella, are each severally matters of atomic fact, ascertainable by observation.
it does not require for its truth that it should actually rain, or that i should actually bring my umbrella; even if the weather is cloudless, it may still be true that i should have brought my umbrella if the weather had been different.
thus we have here a connection of two propositions, which does not depend upon whether they are to be asserted or denied, but only upon the second being inferable from the first.
such propositions, therefore, have a form which is different from that of any atomic proposition.
such propositions are important to logic, because all inference depends upon them.
if i have told you that if it rains i shall bring my umbrella, and if you see that there is a steady downpour, you can infer that i shall bring my umbrella.
there can be no inference except where propositions are connected in some such way, so that from the truth or falsehood of the one something follows as to the truth or falsehood of the other.
it seems to be the case that we can sometimes know molecular propositions, as in the above instance of the umbrella, when we do not know whether the component atomic propositions are true or false.
these propositions, it will be seen, begin to have the appearance of the propositions in logical text-books.
but their peculiarity and complexity are not known to the text-books, and the problems which they raise are only discussed in the most superficial manner.
when we were discussing atomic facts, we saw that we should be able, theoretically, to infer all other truths by logic if we knew all atomic facts and also knew that there were no other atomic facts besides those we knew.
thus general truths cannot be inferred from particular truths alone, but must, if they are to be known, be either self-evident, or inferred from premisses of which at least one is a general truth.
the above conclusion, of which we had an instance in the case of the inductive principle, is important, since it affords a refutation of the older empiricists.
they believed that all our knowledge is derived from the senses and dependent upon them.
we see that, if this view is to be maintained, we must refuse to admit that we know any general propositions.
it is perfectly possible logically that this should be the case, but it does not appear to be so in fact, and indeed no one would dream of maintaining such a view except a theorist at the last extremity.
we must therefore admit that there is general knowledge not derived from sense, and that some of this knowledge is not obtained by inference but is primitive.
such general knowledge is to be found in logic.
whether there is any such knowledge not derived from logic, i do not know; but in logic, at any rate, we have such knowledge.
this proposition is absolutely general: it applies to all things and all properties.
thus in such propositions of pure logic we have the self-evident general propositions of which we were in search.
the general truth of which it is an instance is purely formal, and belongs to logic.
since it does not mention any particular thing, or even any particular quality or relation, it is wholly independent of the accidental facts of the existent world, and can be known, theoretically, without any experience of particular things or their qualities and relations.
logic, we may say, consists of two parts.
the first part investigates what propositions are and what forms they may have; this part enumerates the different kinds of atomic propositions, of molecular propositions, of general propositions, and so on.
the second part consists of certain supremely general propositions, which assert the truth of all propositions of certain forms.
this second part merges into pure mathematics, whose propositions all turn out, on analysis, to be such general formal truths.
the first part, which merely enumerates forms, is the more difficult, and philosophically the more important; and it is the recent progress in this first part, more than anything else, that has rendered a truly scientific discussion of many philosophical problems possible.
the problem of the nature of judgment or belief may be taken as an example of a problem whose solution depends upon an adequate inventory of logical forms.
we have already seen how the supposed universality of the subject-predicate form made it impossible to give a right analysis of serial order, and therefore made space and time unintelligible.
but in this case it was only necessary to admit relations of two terms.
the case of judgment demands the admission of more complicated forms.
from poverty in the logical inventory, this view has often been held.
but it leads to absolutely insoluble difficulties in the case of error.
and death and his bed are objective, but they are not, except in my thought, put together as my false belief supposes.
it is therefore necessary, in analysing a belief, to look for some other logical form than a two-term relation.
failure to realise this necessity has, in my opinion, vitiated almost everything that has hitherto been written on the theory of knowledge, making the problem of error insoluble and the difference between belief and perception inexplicable.
modern logic, as i hope is now evident, has the effect of enlarging our abstract imagination, and providing an infinite number of possible hypotheses to be applied in the analysis of any complex fact.
in this respect it is the exact opposite of the logic practised by the classical tradition.
the old logic put thought in fetters, while the new logic gives it wings.
it has, in my opinion, introduced the same kind of advance into philosophy as galileo introduced into physics, making it possible at last to see what kinds of problems may be capable of solution, and what kinds must be abandoned as beyond human powers.
and where a solution appears possible, the new logic provides a method which enables us to obtain results that do not merely embody personal idiosyncrasies, but must command the assent of all who are competent to form an opinion.
in indian mysticism, in greek and modern monistic philosophy from parmenides onward, in berkeley, in modern physics, we find sensible appearance criticised and condemned for a bewildering variety of motives.
the mystic condemns it on the ground of immediate knowledge of a more real and significant world behind the veil; parmenides and plato condemn it because its continual flux is thought inconsistent with the unchanging nature of the abstract entities revealed by logical analysis; berkeley brings several weapons, but his chief is the subjectivity of sense-data, their dependence upon the organisation and point of view of the spectator; while modern physics, on the basis of sensible evidence itself, maintains a mad dance of electrons which has, superficially at least, very little resemblance to the immediate objects of sight or touch.
every one of these lines of attack raises vital and interesting problems.
in answering these questions, he is led to a logic which merges into that of parmenides and plato and the idealist tradition.
the logic of the idealist tradition has gradually grown very complex and very abstruse, as may be seen from the bradleian sample considered in our first lecture.
if we attempted to deal fully with this logic, we should not have time to reach any other aspect of our subject; we will therefore, while acknowledging that it deserves a long discussion, pass by its central doctrines with only such occasional criticism as may serve to exemplify other topics, and concentrate our attention on such matters as its objections to the continuity of motion and the infinity of space and time--objections which have been fully answered by modern mathematicians in a manner constituting an abiding triumph for the method of logical analysis in philosophy.
these objections and the modern answers to them will occupy our fifth, sixth, and seventh lectures.
berkeley's attack, as reinforced by the physiology of the sense-organs and nerves and brain, is very powerful.
i think it must be admitted as probable that the immediate objects of sense depend for their existence upon physiological conditions in ourselves, and that, for example, the coloured surfaces which we see cease to exist when we shut our eyes.
but it would be a mistake to infer that they are dependent upon mind, not real while we see them, or not the sole basis for our knowledge of the external world.
this line of argument will be developed in the present lecture.
the discrepancy between the world of physics and the world of sense, which we shall consider in our fourth lecture, will be found to be more apparent than real, and it will be shown that whatever there is reason to believe in physics can probably be interpreted in terms of sense.
the instrument of discovery throughout is modern logic, a very different science from the logic of the text-books and also from the logic of idealism.
our second lecture has given a short account of modern logic and of its points of divergence from the various traditional kinds of logic.
in our last lecture, after a discussion of causality and free will, we shall try to reach a general account of the logical-analytic method of scientific philosophy, and a tentative estimate of the hopes of philosophical progress which it allows us to entertain.
in this lecture, i wish to apply the logical-analytic method to one of the oldest problems of philosophy, namely, the problem of our knowledge of the external world.
what i have to say on this problem does not amount to an answer of a definite and dogmatic kind; it amounts only to an analysis and statement of the questions involved, with an indication of the directions in which evidence may be sought.
but although not yet a definite solution, what can be said at present seems to me to throw a completely new light on the problem, and to be indispensable, not only in seeking the answer, but also in the preliminary question as to what parts of our problem may possibly have an ascertainable answer.
in the case of our present problem, the common knowledge involved is of various kinds.
there is first our acquaintance with particular objects of daily life--furniture, houses, towns, other people, and so on.
then there is the extension of such particular knowledge to particular things outside our personal experience, through history and geography, newspapers, etc.
and lastly, there is the systematisation of all this knowledge of particulars by means of physical science, which derives immense persuasive force from its astonishing power of foretelling the future.
we are quite willing to admit that there may be errors of detail in this knowledge, but we believe them to be discoverable and corrigible by the methods which have given rise to our beliefs, and we do not, as practical men, entertain for a moment the hypothesis that the whole edifice may be built on insecure foundations.
in the main, therefore, and without absolute dogmatism as to this or that special portion, we may accept this mass of common knowledge as affording data for our philosophical analysis.
it may be said--and this is an objection which must be met at the outset--that it is the duty of the philosopher to call in question the admittedly fallible beliefs of daily life, and to replace them by something more solid and irrefragable.
in a sense this is true, and in a sense it is effected in the course of analysis.
but in another sense, and a very important one, it is quite impossible.
while admitting that doubt is possible with regard to all our common knowledge, we must nevertheless accept that knowledge in the main if philosophy is to be possible at all.
there is not any superfine brand of knowledge, obtainable by the philosopher, which can give us a standpoint from which to criticise the whole of the knowledge of daily life.
the most that can be done is to examine and purify our common knowledge by an internal scrutiny, assuming the canons by which it has been obtained, and applying them with more care and with more precision.
philosophy cannot boast of having achieved such a degree of certainty that it can have authority to condemn the facts of experience and the laws of science.
the philosophic scrutiny, therefore, though sceptical in regard to every detail, is not sceptical as regards the whole.
that is to say, its criticism of details will only be based upon their relation to other details, not upon some external criterion which can be applied to all the details equally.
universal scepticism, though logically irrefutable, is practically barren; it can only, therefore, give a certain flavour of hesitancy to our beliefs, and cannot be used to substitute other beliefs for them.
although data can only be criticised by other data, not by an outside standard, yet we may distinguish different grades of certainty in the different kinds of common knowledge which we enumerated just now.
what depends on testimony, like the facts of history and geography which are learnt from books, has varying degrees of certainty according to the nature and extent of the testimony.
doubts as to the existence of napoleon can only be maintained for a joke, whereas the historicity of agamemnon is a legitimate subject of debate.
in science, again, we find all grades of certainty short of the highest.
the law of gravitation, at least as an approximate truth, has acquired by this time the same kind of certainty as the existence of napoleon, whereas the latest speculations concerning the constitution of matter would be universally acknowledged to have as yet only a rather slight probability in their favour.
these varying degrees of certainty attaching to different data may be regarded as themselves forming part of our data; they, along with the other data, lie within the vague, complex, inexact body of knowledge which it is the business of the philosopher to analyse.
the first thing that appears when we begin to analyse our common knowledge is that some of it is derivative, while some is primitive; that is to say, there is some that we only believe because of something else from which it has been inferred in some sense, though not necessarily in a strict logical sense, while other parts are believed on their own account, without the support of any outside evidence.
it is obvious that the senses give knowledge of the latter kind: the immediate facts perceived by sight or touch or hearing do not need to be proved by argument, but are completely self-evident.
psychologists, however, have made us aware that what is actually given in sense is much less than most people would naturally suppose, and that much of what at first sight seems to be given is really inferred.
this applies especially in regard to our space-perceptions.
when we hear a person speaking, our actual sensations usually miss a great deal of what he says, and we supply its place by unconscious inference; in a foreign language, where this process is more difficult, we find ourselves apparently grown deaf, requiring, for example, to be much nearer the stage at a theatre than would be necessary in our own country.
thus the first step in the analysis of data, namely, the discovery of what is really given in sense, is full of difficulty.
we will, however, not linger on this point; so long as its existence is realised, the exact outcome does not make any very great difference in our main problem.
the next step in our analysis must be the consideration of how the derivative parts of our common knowledge arise.
here we become involved in a somewhat puzzling entanglement of logic and psychology.
psychologically, a belief may be called derivative whenever it is caused by one or more other beliefs, or by some fact of sense which is not simply what the belief asserts.
derivative beliefs in this sense constantly arise without any process of logical inference, merely by association of ideas or some equally extra-logical process.
we do not judge as to his state of mind by any logical process: the judgment grows up, often without our being able to say what physical mark of emotion we actually saw.
in such a case, the knowledge is derivative psychologically; but logically it is in a sense primitive, since it is not the result of any logical deduction.
there may or may not be a possible deduction leading to the same result, but whether there is or not, we certainly do not employ it.
the separation of these two kinds of primitiveness is vitally important to our present discussion.
when we reflect upon the beliefs which are logically but not psychologically primitive, we find that, unless they can on reflection be deduced by a logical process from beliefs which are also psychologically primitive, our confidence in their truth tends to diminish the more we think about them.
we naturally believe, for example, that tables and chairs, trees and mountains, are still there when we turn our backs upon them.
i do not wish for a moment to maintain that this is certainly not the case, but i do maintain that the question whether it is the case is not to be settled off-hand on any supposed ground of obviousness.
the belief that they persist is, in all men except a few philosophers, logically primitive, but it is not psychologically primitive; psychologically, it arises only through our having seen those tables and chairs, trees and mountains.
as soon as the question is seriously raised whether, because we have seen them, we have a right to suppose that they are there still, we feel that some kind of argument must be produced, and that if none is forthcoming, our belief can be no more than a pious opinion.
we do not feel this as regards the immediate objects of sense: there they are, and as far as their momentary existence is concerned, no further argument is required.
there is accordingly more need of justifying our psychologically derivative beliefs than of justifying those that are primitive.
this distinction is a matter of degree, and must not be pressed; but if not taken too seriously it may help to make the situation clear.
the hardest of hard data are of two sorts: the particular facts of sense, and the general truths of logic.
the more we reflect upon these, the more we realise exactly what they are, and exactly what a doubt concerning them really means, the more luminously certain do they become.
real doubt, in these two cases, would, i think, be pathological.
at any rate, to me they seem quite certain, and i shall assume that you agree with me in this.
without this assumption, we are in danger of falling into that universal scepticism which, as we saw, is as barren as it is irrefutable.
if we are to continue philosophising, we must make our bow to the sceptical hypothesis, and, while admitting the elegant terseness of its philosophy, proceed to the consideration of other hypotheses which, though perhaps not certain, have at least as good a right to our respect as the hypothesis of the sceptic.
they may be found, on reflection, to be capable of logical proof, and they then again become believed, but no longer as data.
as data, though entitled to a certain limited respect, they cannot be placed on a level with the facts of sense or the laws of logic.
the kind of respect which they deserve seems to me such as to warrant us in hoping, though not too confidently, that the hard data may prove them to be at least probable.
also, if the hard data are found to throw no light whatever upon their truth or falsehood, we are justified, i think, in giving rather more weight to the hypothesis of their truth than to the hypothesis of their falsehood.
for the present, however, let us confine ourselves to the hard data, with a view to discovering what sort of world can be constructed by their means alone.
but even the severest scrutiny will allow some additions to this slender stock.
some facts of memory--especially of recent memory--seem to have the highest degree of certainty.
some introspective facts are as certain as any facts of sense.
and facts of sense themselves must, for our present purposes, be interpreted with a certain latitude.
spatial and temporal relations must sometimes be included, for example in the case of a swift motion falling wholly within the specious present.
and some facts of comparison, such as the likeness or unlikeness of two shades of colour, are certainly to be included among hard data.
also we must remember that the distinction of hard and soft data is psychological and subjective, so that, if there are other minds than our own--which at our present stage must be held doubtful--the catalogue of hard data may be different for them from what it is for us.
certain common beliefs are undoubtedly excluded from hard data.
such is the belief which led us to introduce the distinction, namely, that sensible objects in general persist when we are not perceiving them.
such also is the belief in other people's minds: this belief is obviously derivative from our perception of their bodies, and is felt to demand logical justification as soon as we become aware of its derivativeness.
belief in what is reported by the testimony of others, including all that we learn from books, is of course involved in the doubt as to whether other people have minds at all.
thus the world from which our reconstruction is to begin is very fragmentary.
the best we can say for it is that it is slightly more extensive than the world at which descartes arrived by a similar process, since that world contained nothing except himself and his thoughts.
we are now in a position to understand and state the problem of our knowledge of the external world, and to remove various misunderstandings which have obscured the meaning of the problem.
the problem really is: can the existence of anything other than our own hard data be inferred from the existence of those data?
the immediate objects of sight, the coloured surfaces which make up the visible world, are spatially external in the natural meaning of this phrase.
it seems probable that distances, provided they are not too great, are actually given more or less roughly in sight; but whether this is the case or not, ordinary distances can certainly be estimated approximately by means of the data of sense alone.
the immediately given world is spatial, and is further not wholly contained within our own bodies.
thus our knowledge of what is external in this sense is not open to doubt.
to take the self first: the question as to what is to be reckoned part of the self and what is not, is a very difficult one.
the bare subject, if it exists at all, is an inference, and is not part of the data; therefore this meaning of self may be ignored in our present inquiry.
the second meaning is difficult to make precise, since we hardly know what things depend upon our lives for their existence.
the existence of a book, for example, is logically dependent upon that of its pages: without the pages there would be no book.
in this form, the question brings us back to the problem of defining the self; but i think, however the self may be defined, even when it is taken as the bare subject, it cannot be supposed to be part of the immediate object of sense; thus in this form of the question we must admit that we can know of the existence of realities independent of ourselves.
the question of causal dependence is much more difficult.
to know that one kind of thing is causally independent of another, we must know that it actually occurs without the other.
but in the case of objects of sense this is not obvious; indeed, as we saw, the common-sense view is that such objects persist in the absence of any percipient.
if this is the case, then they are causally independent of ourselves; if not, not.
thus in this form the question reduces to the question whether we can know that objects of sense, or any other objects not our own thoughts and feelings, exist at times when we are not perceiving them.
our question in the above form raises two distinct problems, which it is important to keep separate.
first, can we know that objects of sense, or very similar objects, exist at times when we are not perceiving them?
secondly, if this cannot be known, can we know that other objects, inferable from objects of sense but not necessarily resembling them, exist either when we are perceiving the objects of sense or at any other time?
we will consider this latter problem first.
owing to the fact that we feel passive in sensation, we naturally suppose that our sensations have outside causes.
when i speak of the sensible object, it must be understood that i do not mean such a thing as a table, which is both visible and tangible, can be seen by many people at once, and is more or less permanent.
what i mean is just that patch of colour which is momentarily seen when we look at the table, or just that particular hardness which is felt when we press it, or just that particular sound which is heard when we rap it.
each of these i call a sensible object, and our awareness of it i call a sensation.
thus there is no good reason, so far, for supposing that sensible objects must have outside causes.
but both the thing-in-itself of philosophy and the matter of physics present themselves as outside causes of the sensible object as much as of the sensation.
what are the grounds for this common opinion?
at first, we believe unreflectingly that everything is as it seems to be, and that, if we shut our eyes, the objects we had been seeing remain as they were though we no longer see them.
but there are arguments against this view, which have generally been thought conclusive.
it is extraordinarily difficult to see just what the arguments prove; but if we are to make any progress with the problem of the external world, we must try to make up our minds as to these arguments.
a table viewed from one place presents a different appearance from that which it presents from another place.
this is the language of common sense, but this language already assumes that there is a real table of which we see the appearances.
let us try to state what is known in terms of sensible objects alone, without any element of hypothesis.
we find that as we walk round the table, we perceive a series of gradually changing visible objects.
what we ought to say is that, while we have those muscular and other sensations which make us say we are walking, our visual sensations change in a continuous way, so that, for example, a striking patch of colour is not suddenly replaced by something wholly different, but is replaced by an insensible gradation of slightly different colours with slightly different shapes.
what is really known is a correlation of muscular and other bodily sensations with changes in visual sensations.
but walking round the table is not the only way of altering its appearance.
we can shut one eye, or put on blue spectacles, or look through a microscope.
all these operations, in various ways, alter the visual appearance which we call that of the table.
more distant objects will also alter their appearance if (as we say) the state of the atmosphere changes--if there is fog or rain or sunshine.
physiological changes also alter the appearances of things.
if we assume the world of common sense, all these changes, including those attributed to physiological causes, are changes in the intervening medium.
it is not quite so easy as in the former case to reduce this set of facts to a form in which nothing is assumed beyond sensible objects.
anything intervening between ourselves and what we see must be invisible: our view in every direction is bounded by the nearest visible object.
it might be objected that a dirty pane of glass, for example, is visible although we can see things through it.
but in this case we really see a spotted patchwork: the dirtier specks in the glass are visible, while the cleaner parts are invisible and allow us to see what is beyond.
thus the discovery that the intervening medium affects the appearances of things cannot be made by means of the sense of sight alone.
let us take the case of the blue spectacles, which is the simplest, but may serve as a type for the others.
the frame of the spectacles is of course visible, but the blue glass, if it is clean, is not visible.
the blueness, which we say is in the glass, appears as being in the objects seen through the glass.
the glass itself is known by means of the sense of touch.
in order to know that it is between us and the objects seen through it, we must know how to correlate the space of touch with the space of sight.
this correlation itself, when stated in terms of the data of sense alone, is by no means a simple matter.
but it presents no difficulties of principle, and may therefore be supposed accomplished.
but we have still not reduced our statement completely to what is actually given in sense.
we have fallen into the assumption that the object of which we are conscious when we touch the blue spectacles still exists after we have ceased to touch them.
so long as we are touching them, nothing except our finger can be seen through the part touched, which is the only part where we immediately know that there is something.
if we are to account for the blue appearance of objects other than the spectacles, when seen through them, it might seem as if we must assume that the spectacles still exist when we are not touching them; and if this assumption really is necessary, our main problem is answered: we have means of knowing of the present existence of objects not given in sense, though of the same kind as objects formerly given in sense.
it may be questioned, however, whether this assumption is actually unavoidable, though it is unquestionably the most natural one to make.
we may say that the object of which we become aware when we touch the spectacles continues to have effects afterwards, though perhaps it no longer exists.
in this view, the supposed continued existence of sensible objects after they have ceased to be sensible will be a fallacious inference from the fact that they still have effects.
it is often supposed that nothing which has ceased to exist can continue to have effects, but this is a mere prejudice, due to a wrong conception of causality.
it may be said that our hypothesis is useless in the case when the blue glass is never touched at all.
how, in that case, are we to account for the blue appearance of objects?
and more generally, what are we to make of the hypothetical sensations of touch which we associate with untouched visible objects, which we know would be verified if we chose, though in fact we do not verify them?
must not these be attributed to permanent possession, by the objects, of the properties which touch would reveal?
let us consider the more general question first.
experience has taught us that where we see certain kinds of coloured surfaces we can, by touch, obtain certain expected sensations of hardness or softness, tactile shape, and so on.
this leads us to believe that what is seen is usually tangible, and that it has, whether we touch it or not, the hardness or softness which we should expect to feel if we touched it.
but the mere fact that we are able to infer what our tactile sensations would be shows that it is not logically necessary to assume tactile qualities before they are felt.
all that is really known is that the visual appearance in question, together with touch, will lead to certain sensations, which can necessarily be determined in terms of the visual appearance, since otherwise they could not be inferred from it.
we can now give a statement of the experienced facts concerning the blue spectacles, which will supply an interpretation of common-sense beliefs without assuming anything beyond the existence of sensible objects at the times when they are sensible.
by experience of the correlation of touch and sight sensations, we become able to associate a certain place in touch-space with a certain corresponding place in sight-space.
sometimes, namely in the case of transparent things, we find that there is a tangible object in a touch-place without there being any visible object in the corresponding sight-place.
but in such a case as that of the blue spectacles, we find that whatever object is visible beyond the empty sight-place in the same line of sight has a different colour from what it has when there is no tangible object in the intervening touch-place; and as we move the tangible object in touch-space, the blue patch moves in sight-space.
if now we find a blue patch moving in this way in sight-space, when we have no sensible experience of an intervening tangible object, we nevertheless infer that, if we put our hand at a certain place in touch-space, we should experience a certain touch-sensation.
if we are to avoid non-sensible objects, this must be taken as the whole of our meaning when we say that the blue spectacles are in a certain place, though we have not touched them, and have only seen other things rendered blue by their interposition.
verification consists always in the occurrence of an expected sense-datum.
astronomers tell us there will be an eclipse of the moon: we look at the moon, and find the earth's shadow biting into it, that is to say, we see an appearance quite different from that of the usual full moon.
now if an expected sense-datum constitutes a verification, what was asserted must have been about sense-data; or, at any rate, if part of what was asserted was not about sense-data, then only the other part has been verified.
there is in fact a certain regularity or conformity to law about the occurrence of sense-data, but the sense-data that occur at one time are often causally connected with those that occur at quite other times, and not, or at least not very closely, with those that occur at neighbouring times.
if i look at the moon and immediately afterwards hear a train coming, there is no very close causal connection between my two sense-data; but if i look at the moon on two nights a week apart, there is a very close causal connection between the two sense-data.
but the degree of verification obtainable in this way is very small.
it must be remembered that, at our present level of doubt, we are not at liberty to accept testimony.
when we hear certain noises, which are those we should utter if we wished to express a certain thought, we assume that that thought, or one very like it, has been in another mind, and has given rise to the expression which we hear.
if at the same time we see a body resembling our own, moving its lips as we move ours when we speak, we cannot resist the belief that it is alive, and that the feelings inside it continue when we are not looking at it.
we will consider the legitimacy of this belief presently; for the moment, i only wish to point out that it needs the same kind of justification as our belief that the moon exists when we do not see it, and that, without it, testimony heard or read is reduced to noises and shapes, and cannot be regarded as evidence of the facts which it reports.
the verification of physics which is possible at our present level is, therefore, only that degree of verification which is possible by one man's unaided observations, which will not carry us very far towards the establishment of a whole science.
before proceeding further, let us summarise the argument so far as it has gone.
the felt passivity of sensation is irrelevant, since, even if it proved anything, it could only prove that sensations are caused by sensible objects.
this fact, as just stated, assumes, however, the common-sense world of stable objects which it professes to call in question; hence, before we can discover its precise bearing on our problem, we must find a way of stating it which does not involve any of the assumptions which it is designed to render doubtful.
what we then find, as the bare outcome of experience, is that gradual changes in certain sense-data are correlated with gradual changes in certain others, or (in the case of bodily motions) with the other sense-data themselves.
everything that one man, by his own personal experience, can verify in the account of the world given by common sense and physics, will be explicable by some such means, since verification consists merely in the occurrence of an expected sense-datum.
but what depends upon testimony, whether heard or read, cannot be explained in this way, since testimony depends upon the existence of minds other than our own, and thus requires a knowledge of something not given in sense.
but before examining the question of our knowledge of other minds, let us return to the question of the thing-in-itself, namely, to the theory that what exists at times when we are not perceiving a given sensible object is something quite unlike that object, something which, together with us and our sense-organs, causes our sensations, but is never itself given in sensation.
the thing-in-itself, when we start from common-sense assumptions, is a fairly natural outcome of the difficulties due to the changing appearances of what is supposed to be one object.
it is supposed that the table (for example) causes our sense-data of sight and touch, but must, since these are altered by the point of view and the intervening medium, be quite different from the sense-data to which it gives rise.
there is, in this theory, a tendency to a confusion from which it derives some of its plausibility, namely, the confusion between a sensation as a psychical occurrence and its object.
a patch of colour, even if it only exists when it is seen, is still something quite different from the seeing of it: the seeing of it is mental, but the patch of colour is not.
this confusion, however, can be avoided without our necessarily abandoning the theory we are examining.
the objection to it, i think, lies in its failure to realise the radical nature of the reconstruction demanded by the difficulties to which it points.
we cannot speak legitimately of changes in the point of view and the intervening medium until we have already constructed some world more stable than that of momentary sensation.
our discussion of the blue spectacles and the walk round the table has, i hope, made this clear.
but what remains far from clear is the nature of the reconstruction required.
although we cannot rest content with the above theory, in the terms in which it is stated, we must nevertheless treat it with a certain respect, for it is in outline the theory upon which physical science and physiology are built, and it must, therefore, be susceptible of a true interpretation.
objects of sense, even when they occur in dreams, are the most indubitably real objects known to us.
what, then, makes us call them unreal in dreams?
merely the unusual nature of their connection with other objects of sense.
i dream that i am in america, but i wake up and find myself in england without those intervening days on the atlantic which, alas!
but what is illusory is only the inferences to which they give rise; in themselves, they are every bit as real as the objects of waking life.
and conversely, the sensible objects of waking life must not be expected to have any more intrinsic reality than those of dreams.
accepting the indubitable momentary reality of objects of sense, the next thing to notice is the confusion underlying objections derived from their changeableness.
such arguments, however, seem to involve the assumption that there can be something more real than objects of sense.
it is perfectly true that, at the same moment, we may discover by touch that there is only one tactile table.
this makes us declare the two visual tables an illusion, because usually one visual object corresponds to one tactile object.
but all that we are warranted in saying is that, in this case, the manner of correlation of touch and sight is unusual.
when all are changed by a bodily movement, no place remains the same as it was.
thus the difficulty, if it exists, has at least not been rightly stated.
we will now make a new start, adopting a different method.
instead of inquiring what is the minimum of assumption by which we can explain the world of sense, we will, in order to have a model hypothesis as a help for the imagination, construct one possible (not necessary) explanation of the facts.
it may perhaps then be possible to pare away what is superfluous in our hypothesis, leaving a residue which may be regarded as the abstract answer to our problem.
let us imagine that each mind looks out upon the world, as in leibniz's monadology, from a point of view peculiar to itself; and for the sake of simplicity let us confine ourselves to the sense of sight, ignoring minds which are devoid of this sense.
each mind sees at each moment an immensely complex three-dimensional world; but there is absolutely nothing which is seen by two minds simultaneously.
when we say that two people see the same thing, we always find that, owing to difference of point of view, there are differences, however slight, between their immediate sensible objects.
the three-dimensional world seen by one mind therefore contains no place in common with that seen by another, for places can only be constituted by the things in or around them.
hence we may suppose, in spite of the differences between the different worlds, that each exists entire exactly as it is perceived, and might be exactly as it is even if it were not perceived.
we may further suppose that there are an infinite number of such worlds which are in fact unperceived.
if two men are sitting in a room, two somewhat similar worlds are perceived by them; if a third man enters and sits between them, a third world, intermediate between the two previous worlds, begins to be perceived.
two men are sometimes found to perceive very similar perspectives, so similar that they can use the same words to describe them.
they say they see the same table, because the differences between the two tables they see are slight and not practically important.
thus it is possible, sometimes, to establish a correlation by similarity between a great many of the things of one perspective, and a great many of the things of another.
in case the similarity is very great, we say the points of view of the two perspectives are near together in space; but this space in which they are near together is totally different from the spaces inside the two perspectives.
it is a relation between the perspectives, and is not in either of them; no one can perceive it, and if it is to be known it can be only by inference.
between two perceived perspectives which are similar, we can imagine a whole series of other perspectives, some at least unperceived, and such that between any two, however similar, there are others still more similar.
in this way the space which consists of relations between perspectives can be rendered continuous, and (if we choose) three-dimensional.
by the similarity of neighbouring perspectives, many objects in the one can be correlated with objects in the other, namely, with the similar objects.
(the correlation of the times of different perspectives raises certain complications, of the kind considered in the theory of relativity; but we may ignore these at present.)
all the aspects of a thing are real, whereas the thing is a mere logical construction.
it has, however, the merit of being neutral as between different points of view, and of being visible to more than one person, in the only sense in which it can ever be visible, namely, in the sense that each sees one of its aspects.
it will be observed that, while each perspective contains its own space, there is only one space in which the perspectives themselves are the elements.
there are as many private spaces as there are perspectives; there are therefore at least as many as there are percipients, and there may be any number of others which have a merely material existence and are not seen by anyone.
but there is only one perspective-space, whose elements are single perspectives, each with its own private space.
we have now to explain how the private space of a single perspective is correlated with part of the one all-embracing perspective space.
these private spaces will each count as one point, or at any rate as one element, in perspective space.
they are ordered by means of their similarities.
suppose, for example, that we start from one which contains the appearance of a circular disc, such as would be called a penny, and suppose this appearance, in the perspective in question, is circular, not elliptic.
we can then form a whole series of perspectives containing a graduated series of circular aspects of varying sizes: for this purpose we only have to move (as we say) towards the penny or away from it.
the perspectives in which the penny looks circular will be said to lie on a straight line in perspective space, and their order on this line will be that of the sizes of the circular aspects.
moreover--though this statement must be noticed and subsequently examined--the perspectives in which the penny looks big will be said to be nearer to the penny than those in which it looks small.
for this purpose, let us again consider the penny which appears in many perspectives.
we formed a straight line of perspectives in which the penny looked circular, and we agreed that those in which it looked larger were to be considered as nearer to the penny.
we can form another straight line of perspectives in which the penny is seen end-on and looks like a straight line of a certain thickness.
it is true that, in order to prolong our lines until they reach this place, we shall have to make use of other things besides the penny, because, so far as experience goes, the penny ceases to present any appearance after we have come so near to it that it touches the eye.
we can, for example, remove our penny and prolong each of our two straight lines up to their intersection by placing other pennies further off in such a way that the aspects of the one are circular where those of our original penny were circular, and the aspects of the other are straight where those of our original penny were straight.
there will then be just one perspective in which one of the new pennies looks circular and the other straight.
this will be, by definition, the place where the original penny was in perspective space.
the above is, of course, only a first rough sketch of the way in which our definition is to be reached.
it neglects the size of the penny, and it assumes that we can remove the penny without being disturbed by any simultaneous changes in the positions of other things.
but it is plain that such niceties cannot affect the principle, and can only introduce complications in its application.
having now defined the perspective which is the place where a given thing is, we can understand what is meant by saying that the perspectives in which a thing looks large are nearer to the thing than those in which it looks small: they are, in fact, nearer to the perspective which is the place where the thing is.
we can now also explain the correlation between a private space and parts of perspective space.
if there is an aspect of a given thing in a certain private space, then we correlate the place where this aspect is in the private space with the place where the thing is in perspective space.
we can also understand what is meant by saying that our private world is inside our head; for our private world is a place in perspective space, and may be part of the place where our head is.
the physicist naturally classifies aspects in the first way, the psychologist in the second.
the two places associated with a single aspect correspond to the two ways of classifying it.
let us now endeavour to state the fact that the aspect which a thing presents at a given place is affected by the intervening medium.
the aspects of a thing in different perspectives are to be conceived as spreading outwards from the place where the thing is, and undergoing various changes as they get further away from this place.
the laws according to which they change cannot be stated if we only take account of the aspects that are near the thing, but require that we should also take account of the things that are at the places from which these aspects appear.
this empirical fact can, therefore, be interpreted in terms of our construction.
we have now constructed a largely hypothetical picture of the world, which contains and places the experienced facts, including those derived from testimony.
the world we have constructed can, with a certain amount of trouble, be used to interpret the crude facts of sense, the facts of physics, and the facts of physiology.
it fits the facts, and there is no empirical evidence against it; it also is free from logical impossibilities.
but have we any good reason to suppose that it is real?
this brings us back to our original problem, as to the grounds for believing in the existence of anything outside my private world.
we will resume this inquiry by taking up again the question of testimony and the evidence for the existence of other minds.
it must be conceded to begin with that the argument in favour of the existence of other people's minds cannot be conclusive.
a phantasm of our dreams will appear to have a mind--a mind to be annoying, as a rule.
it will give unexpected answers, refuse to conform to our desires, and show all those other signs of intelligence to which we are accustomed in the acquaintances of our waking hours.
and yet, when we are awake, we do not believe that the phantasm was, like the appearances of people in waking life, representative of a private world to which we have no direct access.
if we are to believe this of the people we meet when we are awake, it must be on some ground short of demonstration, since it is obviously possible that what we call waking life may be only an unusually persistent and recurrent nightmare.
it may be that our imagination brings forth all that other people seem to say to us, all that we read in books, all the daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly journals that distract our thoughts, all the advertisements of soap and all the speeches of politicians.
or is there nothing beyond habit and prejudice?
the minds of other people are among our data, in the very wide sense in which we used the word at first.
that is to say, when we first begin to reflect, we find ourselves already believing in them, not because of any argument, but because the belief is natural to us.
it is, however, a psychologically derivative belief, since it results from observation of people's bodies; and along with other such beliefs, it does not belong to the hardest of hard data, but becomes, under the influence of philosophic reflection, just sufficiently questionable to make us desire some argument connecting it with the facts of sense.
the obvious argument is, of course, derived from analogy.
other people's bodies behave as ours do when we have certain thoughts and feelings; hence, by analogy, it is natural to suppose that such behaviour is connected with thoughts and feelings like our own.
and we find we are on the point of being killed by a motor-car; we therefore attribute the words we heard to the person in question having seen the motor-car first, in which case there are existing things of which we are not directly conscious.
but this whole scene, with our inference, may occur in a dream, in which case the inference is generally considered to be mistaken.
is there anything to make the argument from analogy more cogent when we are (as we think) awake?
the analogy in waking life is only to be preferred to that in dreams on the ground of its greater extent and consistency.
it is only the failure of our dreams to form a consistent whole either with each other or with waking life that makes us condemn them.
certain uniformities are observed in waking life, while dreams seem quite erratic.
the natural hypothesis would be that demons and the spirits of the dead visit us while we sleep; but the modern mind, as a rule, refuses to entertain this view, though it is hard to see what could be said against it.
on the other hand, the mystic, in moments of illumination, seems to awaken from a sleep which has filled all his mundane life: the whole world of sense becomes phantasmal, and he sees, with the clarity and convincingness that belongs to our morning realisation after dreams, a world utterly different from that of our daily cares and troubles.
or who shall justify the seeming solidity of the common objects among which we suppose ourselves to live?
the hypothesis that other people have minds must, i think, be allowed to be not susceptible of any very strong support from the analogical argument.
at the same time, it is a hypothesis which systematises a vast body of facts and never leads to any consequences which there is reason to think false.
there is therefore nothing to be said against its truth, and good reason to use it as a working hypothesis.
when once it is admitted, it enables us to extend our knowledge of the sensible world by testimony, and thus leads to the system of private worlds which we assumed in our hypothetical construction.
in actual fact, whatever we may try to think as philosophers, we cannot help believing in the minds of other people, so that the question whether our belief is justified has a merely speculative interest.
and if it is justified, then there is no further difficulty of principle in that vast extension of our knowledge, beyond our own private data, which we find in science and common sense.
this somewhat meagre conclusion must not be regarded as the whole outcome of our long discussion.
the problem of the connection of sense with objective reality has commonly been dealt with from a standpoint which did not carry initial doubt so far as we have carried it; most writers, consciously or unconsciously, have assumed that the testimony of others is to be admitted, and therefore (at least by implication) that others have minds.
their difficulties have arisen after this admission, from the differences in the appearance which one physical object presents to two people at the same time, or to one person at two times between which it cannot be supposed to have changed.
such difficulties have made people doubtful how far objective reality could be known by sense at all, and have made them suppose that there were positive arguments against the view that it can be so known.
our hypothetical construction meets these arguments, and shows that the account of the world given by common sense and physical science can be interpreted in a way which is logically unobjectionable, and finds a place for all the data, both hard and soft.
it is this hypothetical construction, with its reconciliation of psychology and physics, which is the chief outcome of our discussion.
probably the construction is only in part necessary as an initial assumption, and can be obtained from more slender materials by the logical methods of which we shall have an example in the definitions of points, instants, and particles; but i do not yet know to what lengths this diminution in our initial assumptions can be carried.
it is therefore necessary to find some way of bridging the gulf between the world of physics and the world of sense, and it is this problem which will occupy us in the present lecture.
physicists appear to be unconscious of the gulf, while psychologists, who are conscious of it, have not the mathematical knowledge required for spanning it.
the problem is difficult, and i do not know its solution in detail.
all that i can hope to do is to make the problem felt, and to indicate the kind of methods by which a solution is to be sought.
let us begin by a brief description of the two contrasted worlds.
we will take first the world of physics, for, though the other world is given while the physical world is inferred, to us now the world of physics is the more familiar, the world of pure sense having become strange and difficult to rediscover.
physics started from the common-sense belief in fairly permanent and fairly rigid bodies--tables and chairs, stones, mountains, the earth and moon and sun.
this common-sense belief, it should be noticed, is a piece of audacious metaphysical theorising; objects are not continually present to sensation, and it may be doubted whether they are there when they are not seen or felt.
this problem, which has been acute since the time of berkeley, is ignored by common sense, and has therefore hitherto been ignored by physicists.
we have thus here a first departure from the immediate data of sensation, though it is a departure merely by way of extension, and was probably made by our savage ancestors in some very remote prehistoric epoch.
tables and chairs lose their legs, stones are split by frost, and mountains are cleft by earthquakes and eruptions.
then there are other things, which seem material, and yet present almost no permanence or rigidity.
breath, smoke, clouds, are examples of such things--so, in a lesser degree, are ice and snow; and rivers and seas, though fairly permanent, are not in any degree rigid.
breath, smoke, clouds, and generally things that can be seen but not touched, were thought to be hardly real; to this day the usual mark of a ghost is that it can be seen but not touched.
such objects were peculiar in the fact that they seemed to disappear completely, not merely to be transformed into something else.
ice and snow, when they disappear, are replaced by water; and it required no great theoretical effort to invent the hypothesis that the water was the same thing as the ice and snow, but in a new form.
solid bodies, when they break, break into parts which are practically the same in shape and size as they were before.
a stone can be hammered into a powder, but the powder consists of grains which retain the character they had before the pounding.
thus the ideal of absolutely rigid and absolutely permanent bodies, which early physicists pursued throughout the changing appearances, seemed attainable by supposing ordinary bodies to be composed of a vast number of tiny atoms.
this billiard-ball view of matter dominated the imagination of physicists until quite modern times, until, in fact, it was replaced by the electromagnetic theory, which in its turn is developing into a new atomism.
apart from the special form of the atomic theory which was invented for the needs of chemistry, some kind of atomism dominated the whole of traditional dynamics, and was implied in every statement of its laws and axioms.
the pictorial accounts which physicists give of the material world as they conceive it undergo violent changes under the influence of modifications in theory which are much slighter than the layman might suppose from the alterations of the description.
certain features, however, have remained fairly stable.
there is supposed to be one all-embracing space in which the motion takes place, and until lately we might have assumed one all-embracing time also.
without dogmatising as to the ultimate outcome of the principle of relativity, however, we may safely say, i think, that it does not destroy the possibility of correlating different local times, and does not therefore have such far-reaching philosophical consequences as is sometimes supposed.
in fact, in spite of difficulties as to measurement, the one all-embracing time still, i think, underlies all that physics has to say about motion.
we thus have still in physics, as we had in newton's time, a set of indestructible entities which may be called particles, moving relatively to each other in a single space and a single time.
the world of immediate data is quite different from this.
nothing is permanent; even the things that we think are fairly permanent, such as mountains, only become data when we see them, and are not immediately given as existing at other moments.
so far from one all-embracing space being given, there are several spaces for each person, according to the different senses which give relations that may be called spatial.
experience teaches us to obtain one space from these by correlation, and experience, together with instinctive theorising, teaches us to correlate our spaces with those which we believe to exist in the sensible worlds of other people.
the construction of a single time offers less difficulty so long as we confine ourselves to one person's private world, but the correlation of one private time with another is a matter of great difficulty.
we will consider these three problems in succession.
the underlying motive in atomism was not, i think, any empirical success in interpreting phenomena, but rather an instinctive belief that beneath all the changes of the sensible world there must be something permanent and unchanging.
this belief was, no doubt, fostered and nourished by its practical successes, culminating in the conservation of mass; but it was not produced by these successes.
on the contrary, they were produced by it.
philosophical writers on physics sometimes speak as though the conservation of something or other were essential to the possibility of science, but this, i believe, is an entirely erroneous opinion.
why should we suppose that, when ice melts, the water which replaces it is the same thing in a new form?
merely because this supposition enables us to state the phenomena in a way which is consonant with our prejudices.
what we really know is that, under certain conditions of temperature, the appearance we call ice is replaced by the appearance we call water.
we can give laws according to which the one appearance will be succeeded by the other, but there is no reason except prejudice for regarding both as appearances of the same substance.
in spite of the revolutionary results of modern physics, the empirical successes of the conception of matter show that there must be some legitimate conception which fulfils roughly the same functions.
the time has hardly come when we can state precisely what this legitimate conception is, but we can see in a general way what it must be like.
for this purpose, it is only necessary to take our ordinary common-sense statements and reword them without the assumption of permanent substance.
we say, for example, that things change gradually--sometimes very quickly, but not without passing through a continuous series of intermediate states.
thus a thing may be defined as a certain series of appearances, connected with each other by continuity and by certain causal laws.
in the case of slowly changing things, this is easily seen.
consider, say, a wall-paper which fades in the course of years.
these are collected together by the same motives which led us to regard the wall-paper as one thing, namely a combination of sensible continuity and causal connection.
everything will then proceed as before: whatever was verifiable is unchanged, but our language is so interpreted as to avoid an unnecessary metaphysical assumption of permanence.
very often the resulting statement is more complicated and difficult than one which, like common sense and most philosophy, assumes hypothetical entities whose existence there is no good reason to believe in.
there is, to begin with, some conflict between what common sense regards as one thing, and what physics regards an unchanging collection of particles.
to common sense, a human body is one thing, but to science the matter composing it is continually changing.
this conflict, however, is not very serious, and may, for our rough preliminary purpose, be largely ignored.
the problem is: by what principles shall we select certain data from the chaos, and call them all appearances of the same thing?
a rough and approximate answer to this question is not very difficult.
there are certain fairly stable collections of appearances, such as landscapes, the furniture of rooms, the faces of acquaintances.
in these cases, we have little hesitation in regarding them on successive occasions as appearances of one thing or collection of things.
this shows that something more is involved, for two different things may have any degree of likeness up to exact similarity.
as we have already seen, if we watch what we regard as one changing thing, we usually find its changes to be continuous so far as our senses can perceive.
we are thus led to assume that, if we see two finitely different appearances at two different times, and if we have reason to regard them as belonging to the same thing, then there was a continuous series of intermediate states of that thing during the time when we were not observing it.
and so it comes to be thought that continuity of change is necessary and sufficient to constitute one thing.
continuity is also not sufficient, since we can, for example, pass by sensibly continuous gradations from any one drop of the sea to any other drop.
the utmost we can say is that discontinuity during uninterrupted observation is as a rule a mark of difference between things, though even this cannot be said in such cases as sudden explosions.
the assumption of continuity is, however, successfully made in physics.
this proves something, though not anything of very obvious utility to our present problem: it proves that nothing in the known world is inconsistent with the hypothesis that all changes are really continuous, though from too great rapidity or from our lack of observation they may not always appear continuous.
what is wanted further seems to be something in the nature of fulfilment of causal laws.
this statement, as it stands, is very vague, but we will endeavour to give it precision.
to answer this question, we must consider what it is that is proved by the empirical success of physics.
what is proved is that its hypotheses, though unverifiable where they go beyond sense-data, are at no point in contradiction with sense-data, but, on the contrary, are ideally such as to render all sense-data calculable from a sufficient collection of data all belonging to a given period of time.
if it is to be unambiguous whether two appearances belong to the same thing or not, there must be only one way of grouping appearances so that the resulting things obey the laws of physics.
it would be very difficult to prove that this is the case, but for our present purposes we may let this point pass, and assume that there is only one way.
sense-data, it may be said, belong to psychology and are, at any rate in some sense, subjective, whereas physics is quite independent of psychological considerations, and does not assume that its matter only exists when it is perceived.
to this objection there are two answers, both of some importance.
now verifiability is by no means the same thing as truth; it is, in fact, something far more subjective and psychological.
thus verifiability depends upon our capacity for acquiring knowledge, and not only upon the objective truth.
in physics, as ordinarily set forth, there is much that is unverifiable: there are hypotheses as to () how things would appear to a spectator in a place where, as it happens, there is no spectator; () how things would appear at times when, in fact, they are not appearing to anyone; () things which never appear at all.
(b) if physics is to consist wholly of propositions known to be true, or at least capable of being proved or disproved, the three kinds of hypothetical entities we have just enumerated must all be capable of being exhibited as logical functions of sense-data.
in order to show how this might possibly be done, let us recall the hypothetical leibnizian universe of lectureiii.
in that universe, we had a number of perspectives, two of which never had any entity in common, but often contained entities which could be sufficiently correlated to be regarded as belonging to the same thing.
a physical thing consists, at each instant, of the whole set of its aspects at that instant, in all the different worlds; thus a momentary state of a thing is a whole set of aspects.
an ideal thing will be one whose states at all times are ideal.
ideal appearances, states, and things, since they are calculated, must be functions of actual appearances, states, and things; in fact, ultimately, they must be functions of actual appearances.
thus it is unnecessary, for the enunciation of the laws of physics, to assign any reality to ideal elements: it is enough to accept them as logical constructions, provided we have means of knowing how to determine when they become actual.
this, in fact, we have with some degree of approximation; the starry heaven, for instance, becomes actual whenever we choose to look at it.
but space and time also raise difficult problems of much the same kind, namely, difficulties in reducing the haphazard untidy world of immediate sensation to the smooth orderly world of geometry and kinematics.
let us begin with the consideration of space.
people who have never read any psychology seldom realise how much mental labour has gone into the construction of the one all-embracing space into which all sensible objects are supposed to fit.
but some general remarks may be made, which will suffice to show the problems, without taking sides on any psychological issue still in debate.
the first thing to notice is that different senses have different spaces.
the space of sight is quite different from the space of touch: it is only by experience in infancy that we learn to correlate them.
in later life, when we see an object within reach, we know how to touch it, and more or less what it will feel like; if we touch an object with our eyes shut, we know where we should have to look for it, and more or less what it would look like.
but this knowledge is derived from early experience of the correlation of certain kinds of touch-sensations with certain kinds of sight-sensations.
the one space into which both kinds of sensations fit is an intellectual construction, not a datum.
and besides touch and sight, there are other kinds of sensation which give other, though less important spaces: these also have to be fitted into the one space by means of experienced correlations.
and as in the case of things, so here: the one all-embracing space, though convenient as a way of speaking, need not be supposed really to exist.
all that experience makes certain is the several spaces of the several senses, correlated by empirically discovered laws.
the one space may turn out to be valid as a logical construction, compounded of the several spaces, but there is no good reason to assume its independent metaphysical reality.
the space of geometry and physics consists of an infinite number of points, but no one has ever seen or touched a point.
if there are points in a sensible space, they must be an inference.
it is not easy to see any way in which, as independent entities, they could be validly inferred from the data; thus here again, we shall have, if possible, to find some logical construction, some complex assemblage of immediately given objects, which will have the geometrical properties required of points.
it is customary to think of points as simple and infinitely small, but geometry in no way demands that we should think of them in this way.
all that is necessary for geometry is that they should have mutual relations possessing certain enumerated abstract properties, and it may be that an assemblage of data of sensation will serve this purpose.
exactly how this is to be done, i do not yet know, but it seems fairly certain that it can be done.
the following illustrative method, simplified so as to be easily manipulated, has been invented by dr whitehead for the purpose of showing how points might be manufactured from sense-data.
we have first of all to observe that there are no infinitesimal sense-data: any surface we can see, for example, must be of some finite extent.
but what at first appears as one undivided whole is often found, under the influence of attention, to split up into parts contained within the whole.
thus one spatial object may be contained within another, and entirely enclosed by the other.
but if they get smaller and smaller, while of any two of the set there is always one that encloses the other, then we begin to have the kind of conditions which would enable us to treat them as having a point for their limit.
we require a condition which shall secure that an enclosure-series converges to a point, and this is obtained as follows: let our enclosure-series be such that, given any other enclosure-series of which there are members enclosed in any arbitrarily chosen member of our first series, then there are members of our first series enclosed in any arbitrarily chosen member of our second series.
in order to ensure infinite divisibility, we require one further property to be added to those defining point-producers, namely that any object which encloses itself also encloses an object other than itself.
events of which we are conscious do not last merely for a mathematical instant, but always for some finite time, however short.
even if there be a physical world such as the mathematical theory of motion supposes, impressions on our sense-organs produce sensations which are not merely and strictly instantaneous, and therefore the objects of sense of which we are immediately conscious are not strictly instantaneous.
instants, therefore, are not among the data of experience, and, if legitimate, must be either inferred or constructed.
it is difficult to see how they can be validly inferred; thus we are left with the alternative that they must be constructed.
immediate experience provides us with two time-relations among events: they may be simultaneous, or one may be earlier and the other later.
these two are both part of the crude data; it is not the case that only the events are given, and their time-order is added by our subjective activity.
the time-order, within certain limits, is as much given as the events.
the words one and two had already been spoken with a cool and deliberate distinctness.
here we have simultaneity--not due, as kant would have us believe, to the subjective mental apparatus of the dauntless youth, but given as objectively as the revolver and the lightning.
these time-relations hold between events which are not strictly instantaneous.
thus one event may begin sooner than another, and therefore be before it, but may continue after the other has begun, and therefore be also simultaneous with it.
if it persists after the other is over, it will also be later than the other.
earlier, simultaneous, and later, are not inconsistent with each other when we are concerned with events which last for a finite time, however short; they only become inconsistent when we are dealing with something instantaneous.
we cannot point to a time itself, but only to some event occurring at that time.
there is therefore no reason in experience to suppose that there are times as opposed to events: the events, ordered by the relations of simultaneity and succession, are all that experience provides.
hence, unless we are to introduce superfluous metaphysical entities, we must, in defining what mathematical physics can regard as an instant, proceed by means of some construction which assumes nothing beyond events and their temporal relations.
if we wish to assign a date exactly by means of events, how shall we proceed?
if we take any one event, we cannot assign our date exactly, because the event is not instantaneous, that is to say, it may be simultaneous with two events which are not simultaneous with each other.
in order to assign a date exactly, we must be able, theoretically, to determine whether any given event is before, at, or after this date, and we must know that any other date is either before or after this date, but not simultaneous with it.
suppose, now, instead of taking one event a, we take two events a and b, and suppose a and b partly overlap, but b ends before a ends.
then an event which is simultaneous with both a and b must exist during the time when a and b overlap; thus we have come rather nearer to a precise date than when we considered a and b alone.
let c be an event which is simultaneous with both a and b, but which ends before either a or b has ended.
then an event which is simultaneous with a and b and c must exist during the time when all three overlap, which is a still shorter time.
proceeding in this way, by taking more and more events, a new event which is dated as simultaneous with all of them becomes gradually more and more accurately dated.
this suggests a way by which a completely accurate date can be defined.
if there is any other event which is simultaneous with all of these, let us add it to the group; let us go on until we have constructed a group such that no event outside the group is simultaneous with all of them, but all the events inside the group are simultaneous with each other.
let us define this whole group as an instant of time.
it remains to show that it has the properties we expect of an instant.
what are the properties we expect of instants?
first, they must form a series: of any two, one must be before the other, and the other must be not before the one; if one is before another, and the other before a third, the first must be before the third.
secondly, every event must be at a certain number of instants; two events are simultaneous if they are at the same instant, and one is before the other if there is an instant, at which the one is, which is earlier than some instant at which the other is.
do instants, as we have defined them, have these properties?
now we know that of two events which are not simultaneous, there must be one which wholly precedes the other, and in that case the other cannot also wholly precede the one; we also know that, if one event wholly precedes another, and the other wholly precedes a third, then the first wholly precedes the third.
from these facts it is easy to deduce that the instants as we have defined them form a series.
finally, the series of instants will be compact if, given any two events of which one wholly precedes the other, there are events wholly after the one and simultaneous with something wholly before the other.
whether this is the case or not, is an empirical question; but if it is not, there is no reason to expect the time-series to be compact.
in order to secure that instants form a series, we assume: (a) no event wholly precedes itself.
(b) if one event wholly precedes another, and the other wholly precedes a third, then the first wholly precedes the third.
(c) if one event wholly precedes another, it is not simultaneous with it.
(d) of two events which are not simultaneous, one must wholly precede the other.
in order to secure that the series of instants shall be compact, we assume: (f) if one event wholly precedes another, there is an event wholly after the one and simultaneous with something wholly before the other.
i do not know whether this should be regarded as inadmissible.
thus our definition of instants secures all that mathematics requires, without having to assume the existence of any disputable metaphysical entities.
instants may also be defined by means of the enclosure-relation, exactly as was done in the case of points.
one object will be temporally enclosed by another when it is simultaneous with the other, but not before or after it.
to ensure infinite divisibility, we require also that every event should enclose events other than itself.
assuming these characteristics, temporal enclosure is an infinitely divisible point-producer.
the correlation of the times of different private worlds so as to produce the one all-embracing time of physics is a more difficult matter.
but this can only be regarded as a first approximation.
what we call one sound will be heard sooner by people near the source of the sound than by people further from it, and the same applies, though in a less degree, to light.
thus two correlated appearances in different worlds are not necessarily to be regarded as occurring at the same date in physical time, though they will be parts of one momentary state of a thing.
the correlation of different private times is regulated by the desire to secure the simplest possible statement of the laws of physics, and thus raises rather complicated technical problems; but from the point of view of philosophical theory, there is no very serious difficulty of principle involved.
the above brief outline must not be regarded as more than tentative and suggestive.
it is intended merely to show the kind of way in which, given a world with the kind of properties that psychologists find in the world of sense, it may be possible, by means of purely logical constructions, to make it amenable to mathematical treatment by defining series or classes of sense-data which can be called respectively particles, points, and instants.
if such constructions are possible, then mathematical physics is applicable to the real world, in spite of the fact that its particles, points, and instants are not to be found among actually existing entities.
the problem which the above considerations are intended to elucidate is one whose importance and even existence has been concealed by the unfortunate separation of different studies which prevails throughout the civilised world.
physicists, ignorant and contemptuous of philosophy, have been content to assume their particles, points, and instants in practice, while conceding, with ironical politeness, that their concepts laid no claim to metaphysical validity.
metaphysicians, obsessed by the idealistic opinion that only mind is real, and the parmenidean belief that the real is unchanging, repeated one after another the supposed contradictions in the notions of matter, space, and time, and therefore naturally made no endeavour to invent a tenable theory of particles, points, and instants.
philosophers, it is to be hoped, will come to recognise that they cannot achieve any solid success in such problems without some slight knowledge of logic, mathematics, and physics; meanwhile, for want of students with the necessary equipment, this vital problem remains unattempted and unknown.
there are, it is true, two authors, both physicists, who have done something, though not much, to bring about a recognition of the problem as one demanding study.
both of them, however, admirable as their work is, seem to me to suffer from a general philosophical bias.
poincar is kantian, while mach is ultra-empiricist; with poincar almost all the mathematical part of physics is merely conventional, while with mach the sensation as a mental event is identified with its object as a part of the physical world.
nevertheless, both these authors, and especially mach, deserve mention as having made serious contributions to the consideration of our problem.
when a point or an instant is defined as a class of sensible qualities, the first impression produced is likely to be one of wild and wilful paradox.
certain considerations apply here, however, which will again be relevant when we come to the definition of numbers.
there is a whole type of problems which can be solved by such definitions, and almost always there will be at first an effect of paradox.
this kind of case is important, and i shall therefore try to make it clear even at the cost of some repetition of previous definitions.
simultaneity, again, is a symmetrical relation; so is equality in size.
other relations are symmetrical without being transitive--for example, difference in any respect.
if a is of a different age from b, and b of a different age from c, it does not follow that a is of a different age from c. simultaneity, again, in the case of events which last for a finite time, will not necessarily be transitive if it only means that the times of the two events overlap.
if a ends just after b has begun, and b ends just after c has begun, a and b will be simultaneous in this sense, and so will b and c, but a and c may well not be simultaneous.
all the relations which can naturally be represented as equality in any respect, or as possession of a common property, are transitive and symmetrical--this applies, for example, to such relations as being of the same height or weight or colour.
owing to the fact that possession of a common property gives rise to a transitive symmetrical relation, we come to imagine that wherever such a relation occurs it must be due to a common property.
in all such cases, the class of terms that have the given transitive symmetrical relation to a given term will fulfil all the formal requisites of a common property of all the members of the class.
since there certainly is the class, while any other common property may be illusory, it is prudent, in order to avoid needless assumptions, to substitute the class for the common property which would be ordinarily assumed.
this is the reason for the definitions we have adopted, and this is the source of the apparent paradoxes.
no harm is done if there are such common properties as language assumes, since we do not deny them, but merely abstain from asserting them.
but if there are not such common properties in any given case, then our method has secured us against error.
in the absence of special knowledge, therefore, the method we have adopted is the only one which is safe, and which avoids the risk of introducing fictitious metaphysical entities.
the logical basis of the theory alone belongs to philosophy, and alone will occupy us to-night.
the way the problem of continuity enters into philosophy is, broadly speaking, the following: space and time are treated by mathematicians as consisting of points and instants, but they also have a property, easier to feel than to define, which is called continuity, and is thought by many philosophers to be destroyed when they are resolved into points and instants.
zeno, as we shall see, proved that analysis into points and instants was impossible if we adhered to the view that the number of points or instants in a finite space or time must be finite.
therefore spaces and times, if real at all, must not be regarded as composed of points and instants.
but even when points and instants, as independent entities, are discarded, as they were by the theory advocated in our last lecture, the problems of continuity, as i shall try to show presently, remain, in a practically unchanged form.
let us therefore, to begin with, admit points and instants, and consider the problems in connection with this simpler or at least more familiar hypothesis.
the argument against continuity, in so far as it rests upon the supposed difficulties of infinite numbers, has been disposed of by the positive theory of the infinite, which will be considered in lecturevii.
but there remains a feeling--of the kind that led zeno to the contention that the arrow in its flight is at rest--which suggests that points and instants, even if they are infinitely numerous, can only give a jerky motion, a succession of different immobilities, not the smooth transitions with which the senses have made us familiar.
this feeling is due, i believe, to a failure to realise imaginatively, as well as abstractly, the nature of continuous series as they appear in mathematics.
it is, i believe, the absence of this kind of intimacy which makes many philosophers regard the mathematical doctrine of continuity as an inadequate explanation of the continuity which we experience in the world of sense.
in the present lecture, i shall first try to explain in outline what the mathematical theory of continuity is in its philosophically important essentials.
the application to actual space and time will not be in question to begin with.
i do not see any reason to suppose that the points and instants which mathematicians introduce in dealing with space and time are actual physically existing entities, but i do see reason to suppose that the continuity of actual space and time may be more or less analogous to mathematical continuity.
the theory of mathematical continuity is an abstract logical theory, not dependent for its validity upon any properties of actual space and time.
what is claimed for it is that, when it is understood, certain characteristics of space and time, previously very hard to analyse, are found not to present any logical difficulty.
what we know empirically about space and time is insufficient to enable us to decide between various mathematically possible alternatives, but these alternatives are all fully intelligible and fully adequate to the observed facts.
for the present, however, it will be well to forget space and time and the continuity of sensible change, in order to return to these topics equipped with the weapons provided by the abstract theory of continuity.
numbers in order of magnitude, the points on a line from left to right, the moments of time from earlier to later, are instances of series.
the notion of order, which is here introduced, is one which is not required in the theory of cardinal number.
it is possible to know that two classes have the same number of terms without knowing any order in which they are to be taken.
we have an instance of this in such a case as english husbands and english wives: we can see that there must be the same number of husbands as of wives, without having to arrange them in a series.
but continuity, which we are now to consider, is essentially a property of an order: it does not belong to a set of terms in themselves, but only to a set in a certain order.
a set of terms which can be arranged in one order can always also be arranged in other orders, and a set of terms which can be arranged in a continuous order can always also be arranged in orders which are not continuous.
thus the essence of continuity must not be sought in the nature of the set of terms, but in the nature of their arrangement in a series.
one of the simplest examples of a compact series is the series of fractions in order of magnitude.
given any two fractions, however near together, there are other fractions greater than the one and smaller than the other, and therefore no two fractions are consecutive.
thus between any two fractions, however little they differ, there are an infinite number of other fractions.
mathematical space and time also have this property of compactness, though whether actual space and time have it is a further question, dependent upon empirical evidence, and probably incapable of being answered with certainty.
in the case of abstract objects such as fractions, it is perhaps not very difficult to realise the logical possibility of their forming a compact series.
the difficulties that might be felt are those of infinity, for in a compact series the number of terms between any two given terms must be infinite.
but when these difficulties have been solved, the mere compactness in itself offers no great obstacle to the imagination.
in more concrete cases, however, such as motion, compactness becomes much more repugnant to our habits of thought.
it will therefore be desirable to consider explicitly the mathematical account of motion, with a view to making its logical possibility felt.
the mathematical account of motion is perhaps artificially simplified when regarded as describing what actually occurs in the physical world; but what actually occurs must be capable, by a certain amount of logical manipulation, of being brought within the scope of the mathematical account, and must, in its analysis, raise just such problems as are raised in their simplest form by this account.
neglecting, therefore, for the present, the question of its physical adequacy, let us devote ourselves merely to considering its possibility as a formal statement of the nature of motion.
in order to simplify our problem as much as possible, let us imagine a tiny speck of light moving along a scale.
what do we mean by saying that the motion is continuous?
it is not necessary for our purposes to consider the whole of what the mathematician means by this statement: only part of what he means is philosophically important.
one part of what he means is that, if we consider any two positions of the speck occupied at any two instants, there will be other intermediate positions occupied at intermediate instants.
however near together we take the two positions, the speck will not jump suddenly from the one to the other, but will pass through an infinite number of other positions on the way.
every distance, however small, is traversed by passing through all the infinite series of positions between the two ends of the distance.
if there were, we should find zeno's paradoxes, in some form, unavoidable, as will appear in our next lecture.
one simple paradox may serve as an illustration.
if our speck is in motion along the scale throughout the whole of a certain time, it cannot be at the same point at two consecutive instants.
but it cannot, from one instant to the next, travel further than from one point to the next, for if it did, there would be no instant at which it was in the positions intermediate between that at the first instant and that at the next, and we agreed that the continuity of motion excludes the possibility of such sudden jumps.
it follows that our speck must, so long as it moves, pass from one point at one instant to the next point at the next instant.
thus there will be just one perfectly definite velocity with which all motions must take place: no motion can be faster than this, and no motion can be slower.
since this conclusion is false, we must reject the hypothesis upon which it is based, namely that there are consecutive points and instants.
suppose we halve a given distance, and then halve the half, and so on, we can continue the process as long as we please, and the longer we continue it, the smaller the resulting distance becomes.
if our original distance was an inch, we reach successively half an inch, a quarter of an inch, an eighth, a sixteenth, and so on; but every one of this infinite series of diminishing distances is finite.
the process of bisection is one which can, theoretically, be carried on for ever, without any last term being attained.
thus infinite divisibility of distances, which must be admitted, does not imply that there are distances so small that any finite distance would be larger.
it is easy, in this kind of question, to fall into an elementary logical blunder.
common language is ill adapted to expressing matters of this kind, and philosophers who have been dependent on it have frequently been misled by it.
in a continuous motion, then, we shall say that at any given instant the moving body occupies a certain position, and at other instants it occupies other positions; the interval between any two instants and between any two positions is always finite, but the continuity of the motion is shown in the fact that, however near together we take the two positions and the two instants, there are an infinite number of positions still nearer together, which are occupied at instants that are also still nearer together.
the moving body never jumps from one position to another, but always passes by a gradual transition through an infinite number of intermediaries.
rest consists in being in the same position at all the instants throughout a certain finite period, however short; it does not consist simply in a body's being where it is at a given instant.
this whole theory, as is obvious, depends upon the nature of compact series, and demands, for its full comprehension, that compact series should have become familiar and easy to the imagination as well as to deliberate thought.
what is required may be expressed in mathematical language by saying that the position of a moving body must be a continuous function of the time.
to define accurately what this means, we proceed as follows.
thus our definition affords an analysis of the continuity of motion, while admitting points and instants and denying infinitesimal distances in space or periods in time.
a typical and recent example of philosophic theories of motion is afforded by bergson, whose views on this subject i have examined elsewhere.
apart from definite arguments, there are certain feelings, rather than reasons, which stand in the way of an acceptance of the mathematical account of motion.
what is this something that we see, and that we call visible motion?
opponents of the mathematical theory emphasise this fact.
the objection thus raised is one which i have no wish to underrate, but i believe it can be fully answered without departing from the methods and the outlook which have led to the mathematical theory of motion.
let us, however, first try to state the objection more fully.
if the mathematical theory is adequate, nothing happens when a body moves except that it is in different places at different times.
but in this sense the hour-hand and the second-hand are equally in motion, yet in the second-hand there is something perceptible to our senses which is absent in the hour-hand.
this seems to involve our seeing it simultaneously in a number of places, although it must also involve our seeing that it is in some of these places earlier than in others.
if, for example, i move my hand quickly from left to right, you seem to see the whole movement at once, in spite of the fact that you know it begins at the left and ends at the right.
it is this kind of consideration, i think, which leads bergson and many others to regard a movement as really one indivisible whole, not the series of separate states imagined by the mathematician.
to this objection there are three supplementary answers, physiological, psychological, and logical.
the aim of this answer is thus the modest one of showing that the mathematical account is not impossible as applied to the physical world; it does not even attempt to show that this account is necessary, or that an analogous account applies in psychology.
when any nerve is stimulated, so as to cause a sensation, the sensation does not cease instantaneously with the cessation of the stimulus, but dies away in a short finite time.
a flash of lightning, brief as it is to our sight, is briefer still as a physical phenomenon: we continue to see it for a few moments after the light-waves have ceased to strike the eye.
thus in the case of a physical motion, if it is sufficiently swift, we shall actually at one instant see the moving body throughout a finite portion of its course, and not only at the exact spot where it is at that instant.
sensations, however, as they die away, grow gradually fainter; thus the sensation due to a stimulus which is recently past is not exactly like the sensation due to a present stimulus.
it follows from this that, when we see a rapid motion, we shall not only see a number of positions of the moving body simultaneously, but we shall see them with different degrees of intensity--the present position most vividly, and the others with diminishing vividness, until sensation fades away into immediate memory.
this state of things accounts fully for the perception of motion.
this answer shows that physiology can account for our perception of motion.
this consideration brings us to the psychological answer.
we considered this theory in the third and fourth lectures; for the present, a mere sketch of its application to our present problem must suffice.
the world of physics, which was assumed in the physiological answer, is obviously inferred from what is given in sensation; yet as soon as we seriously consider what is actually given in sensation, we find it apparently very different from the world of physics.
the question is thus forced upon us: is the inference from sense to physics a valid one?
i believe the answer to be affirmative, for reasons which i suggested in the third and fourth lectures; but the answer cannot be either short or easy.
it consists, broadly speaking, in showing that, although the particles, points, and instants with which physics operates are not themselves given in experience, and are very likely not actually existing things, yet, out of the materials provided in sensation, it is possible to make logical constructions having the mathematical properties which physics assigns to particles, points, and instants.
if this can be done, then all the propositions of physics can be translated, by a sort of dictionary, into propositions about the kinds of objects which are given in sensation.
applying these general considerations to the case of motion, we find that, even within the sphere of immediate sense-data, it is necessary, or at any rate more consonant with the facts than any other equally simple view, to distinguish instantaneous states of objects, and to regard such states as forming a compact series.
let us consider a body which is moving swiftly enough for its motion to be perceptible, and long enough for its motion to be not wholly comprised in one sensation.
then, in spite of the fact that we see a finite extent of the motion at one instant, the extent which we see at one instant is different from that which we see at another.
thus we are brought back, after all, to a series of momentary views of the moving body, and this series will be compact, like the former physical series of points.
an old but conclusive reason for believing this was emphasised by poincar.
suppose, for example, a person with his eyes shut is holding a weight in his hand, and someone noiselessly adds a small extra weight.
if the extra weight is small enough, no difference will be perceived in the sensation.
after a time, another small extra weight may be added, and still no change will be perceived; but if both extra weights had been added at once, it may be that the change would be quite easily perceptible.
it would be easy to find three stuffs of such closely similar shades that no difference could be perceived between the first and second, nor yet between the second and third, while yet the first and third would be distinguishable.
in such a case, the second shade cannot be the same as the first, or it would be distinguishable from the third; nor the same as the third, or it would be distinguishable from the first.
it must, therefore, though indistinguishable from both, be really intermediate between them.
such considerations as the above show that, although we cannot distinguish sense-data unless they differ by more than a certain amount, it is perfectly reasonable to suppose that sense-data of a given kind, such as weights or colours, really form a compact series.
the objections which may be brought from a psychological point of view against the mathematical theory of motion are not, therefore, objections to this theory properly understood, but only to a quite unnecessary assumption of simplicity in the momentary object of sense.
of the immediate object of sense, in the case of a visible motion, we may say that at each instant it is in all the positions which remain sensible at that instant; but this set of positions changes continuously from moment to moment, and is amenable to exactly the same mathematical treatment as if it were a mere point.
there are a number of distinct questions which are apt to be confused when the mathematical continuum is said to be inadequate to the facts of sense.
we may state these, in order of diminishing generality, as follows:-- (a) are series possessing mathematical continuity logically possible?
(c) does not the assumption of points and instants make the whole mathematical account fictitious?
(d) finally, assuming that all these objections have been answered, is there, in actual empirical fact, any sufficient reason to believe the world of sense continuous?
let us consider these questions in succession.
(a) the question of the logical possibility of the mathematical continuum turns partly on the elementary misunderstandings we considered at the beginning of the present lecture, partly on the possibility of the mathematical infinite, which will occupy our next two lectures, and partly on the logical form of the answer to the bergsonian objection which we stated a few minutes ago.
i shall say no more on this topic at present, since it is desirable first to complete the psychological answer.
(b) the question whether sense-data are composed of mutually external units is not one which can be decided by empirical evidence.
it is often urged that, as a matter of immediate experience, the sensible flux is devoid of divisions, and is falsified by the dissections of the intellect.
suppose, for example, a coloured surface on which the colour changes gradually--so gradually that the difference of colour in two very neighbouring portions is imperceptible, while the difference between more widely separated portions is quite noticeable.
it is a mistake to speak as if acquaintance had degrees: there is merely acquaintance and non-acquaintance.
thus it is a mistake to say that if we were perfectly acquainted with an object we should know all about it.
to know that two shades of colour are different is knowledge about them; hence acquaintance with the two shades does not in any way necessitate the knowledge that they are different.
from what has just been said it follows that the nature of sense-data cannot be validly used to prove that they are not composed of mutually external units.
it may be admitted, on the other hand, that nothing in their empirical character specially necessitates the view that they are composed of mutually external units.
this view, if it is held, must be held on logical, not on empirical, grounds.
i believe that the logical grounds are adequate to the conclusion.
they rest, at bottom, upon the impossibility of explaining complexity without assuming constituents.
it is undeniable that the visual field, for example, is complex; and so far as i can see, there is always self-contradiction in the theories which, while admitting this complexity, attempt to deny that it results from a combination of mutually external units.
but to pursue this topic would lead us too far from our theme, and i shall therefore say no more about it at present.
(c) it is sometimes urged that the mathematical account of motion is rendered fictitious by its assumption of points and instants.
now there are here two different questions to be distinguished.
there is the question of absolute or relative space and time, and there is the question whether what occupies space and time must be composed of elements which have no extension or duration.
i wish to answer, in each case, yes to the first form of the question, and no to the second.
a few words on each alternative will serve to make this clear.
this view, however, though advocated by newton, has long been regarded by mathematicians as merely a convenient fiction.
there is, so far as i can see, no conceivable evidence either for or against it.
it is logically possible, and it is consistent with the facts.
but the facts are also consistent with the denial of spatial and temporal entities over and above things with spatial and temporal relations.
hence, in accordance with occam's razor, we shall do well to abstain from either assuming or denying points and instants.
this means, so far as practical working out is concerned, that we adopt the relational theory; for in practice the refusal to assume points and instants has the same effect as the denial of them.
but in strict theory the two are quite different, since the denial introduces an element of unverifiable dogma which is wholly absent when we merely refrain from the assertion.
thus, although we shall derive points and instants from things, we shall leave the bare possibility open that they may also have an independent existence as simple entities.
physics, formally, assumes in its differential equations that things consist of elements which occupy only a point at each instant, but persist throughout time.
for reasons explained in lectureiv., the persistence of things through time is to be regarded as the formal result of a logical construction, not as necessarily implying any actual persistence.
but such objects, as well as the particles of physics, are not data.
the same economy of hypothesis, which dictates the practical adoption of a relative rather than an absolute space and time, also dictates the practical adoption of material elements which have a finite extension and duration.
since, as we saw in lectureiv., points and instants can be constructed as logical functions of such elements, the mathematical account of motion, in which a particle passes continuously through a continuous series of points, can be interpreted in a form which assumes only elements which agree with our actual data in having a finite extension and duration.
thus, so far as the use of points and instants is concerned, the mathematical account of motion can be freed from the charge of employing fictions.
(d) but we must now face the question: is there, in actual empirical fact, any sufficient reason to believe the world of sense continuous?
the answer here must, i think, be in the negative.
we may say that the hypothesis of continuity is perfectly consistent with the facts and with logic, and that it is technically simpler than any other tenable hypothesis.
but since our powers of discrimination among very similar sensible objects are not infinitely precise, it is quite impossible to decide between different theories which only differ in regard to what is below the margin of discrimination.
if, for example, a coloured surface which we see consists of a finite number of very small surfaces, and if a motion which we see consists, like a cinematograph, of a large finite number of successive positions, there will be nothing empirically discoverable to show that objects of sense are not continuous.
even in regard to immediate data, this is no reason for denying that there is a difference.
thus, if we see a coloured surface whose colour changes gradually, its sensible appearance if the change is continuous will be indistinguishable from what it would be if the change were by small finite jumps.
if this is true, as it seems to be, it follows that there can never be any empirical evidence to demonstrate that the sensible world is continuous, and not a collection of a very large finite number of elements of which each differs from its neighbour in a finite though very small degree.
the continuity of space and time, the infinite number of different shades in the spectrum, and so on, are all in the nature of unverifiable hypotheses--perfectly possible logically, perfectly consistent with the known facts, and simpler technically than any other tenable hypotheses, but not the sole hypotheses which are logically and empirically adequate.
now this requires that the number of events concerned should be infinite in any finite period of time.
if this is to be the case in the world of one man's sense-data, and if each sense-datum is to have not less than a certain finite temporal extension, it will be necessary to assume that we always have an infinite number of sense-data simultaneous with any given sense-datum.
applying similar considerations to space, and assuming that sense-data are to have not less than a certain spatial extension, it will be necessary to suppose that an infinite number of sense-data overlap spatially with any given sense-datum.
but there are difficulties in such a hypothesis, and i do not know whether these difficulties could be successfully met.
if they cannot, we must do one of two things: either declare that the world of one man's sense-data is not continuous, or else refuse to admit that there is any lower limit to the duration and extension of a single sense-datum.
i do not know what is the right course to adopt as regards these alternatives.
the logical analysis we have been considering provides the apparatus for dealing with the various hypotheses, and the empirical decision between them is a problem for the psychologist.
the view urged explicitly by bergson, and implied in the doctrines of many philosophers, is, that a motion is something indivisible, not validly analysable into a series of states.
this is part of a much more general doctrine, which holds that analysis always falsifies, because the parts of a complex whole are different, as combined in that whole, from what they would otherwise be.
it is very difficult to state this doctrine in any form which has a precise meaning.
often arguments are used which have no bearing whatever upon the question.
it is urged, for example, that when a man becomes a father, his nature is altered by the new relation in which he finds himself, so that he is not strictly identical with the man who was previously not a father.
this may be true, but it is a causal psychological fact, not a logical fact.
the doctrine would require that a man who is a father cannot be strictly identical with a man who is a son, because he is modified in one way by the relation of fatherhood and in another by that of sonship.
but the doctrine in question holds that a thing is so modified by its relations that it cannot be the same in one relation as in another.
hence, if this doctrine is true, there can never be more than one fact concerning any one thing.
i do not think the philosophers in question have realised that this is the precise statement of the view they advocate, because in this form the view is so contrary to plain truth that its falsehood is evident as soon as it is stated.
the discussion of this question, however, involves so many logical subtleties, and is so beset with difficulties, that i shall not pursue it further at present.
when once the above general doctrine is rejected, it is obvious that, where there is change, there must be a succession of states.
there cannot be change--and motion is only a particular case of change--unless there is something different at one time from what there is at some other time.
change, therefore, must involve relations and complexity, and must demand analysis.
so long as our analysis has only gone as far as other smaller changes, it is not complete; if it is to be complete, it must end with terms that are not changes, but are related by a relation of earlier and later.
in the case of changes which appear continuous, such as motions, it seems to be impossible to find anything other than change so long as we deal with finite periods of time, however short.
we are thus driven back, by the logical necessities of the case, to the conception of instants without duration, or at any rate without any duration which even the most delicate instruments can reveal.
this conception, though it can be made to seem difficult, is really easier than any other that the facts allow.
it is a kind of logical framework into which any tenable theory must fit--not necessarily itself the statement of the crude facts, but a form in which statements which are true of the crude facts can be made by a suitable interpretation.
the direct consideration of the crude facts of the physical world has been undertaken in earlier lectures; in the present lecture, we have only been concerned to show that nothing in the crude facts is inconsistent with the mathematical doctrine of continuity, or demands a continuity of a radically different kind from that of mathematical motion.
nevertheless, the explanation which assumes infinity and continuity remains incomparably easier and more natural, from a scientific point of view, than any other, and since georg cantor has shown that the supposed contradictions are illusory, there is no longer any reason to struggle after a finitist explanation of the world.
the supposed difficulties of continuity all have their source in the fact that a continuous series must have an infinite number of terms, and are in fact difficulties concerning infinity.
hence, in freeing the infinite from contradiction, we are at the same time showing the logical possibility of continuity as assumed in science.
the kind of way in which infinity has been used to discredit the world of sense may be illustrated by kant's first two antinomies.
kant professes to prove both these propositions, whereas, if what we have said on modern logic has any truth, it must be impossible to prove either.
kant's argument as regards space here rests upon his argument as regards time.
we need therefore only examine the argument as regards time.
but the infinity of a series consists just in this, that it can never be completed by successive synthesis.
many different criticisms might be passed on this argument, but we will content ourselves with a bare minimum.
thus what he really proves is, at most, that if the world had no beginning, it must have already existed for an infinite time.
this, however, is a very poor conclusion, by no means suitable for his purposes.
and with this result we might, if we chose, take leave of the first antinomy.
it is worth while, however, to consider how kant came to make such an elementary blunder.
what happened in his imagination was obviously something like this: starting from the present and going backwards in time, we have, if the world had no beginning, an infinite series of events.
but the series of events up to the present has an end, since it ends with the present.
owing to the inveterate subjectivism of his mental habits, he failed to notice that he had reversed the sense of the series by substituting backward synthesis for forward happening, and thus he supposed that it was necessary to identify the mental series, which had no end, with the physical series, which had an end but no beginning.
it was this mistake, i think, which, operating unconsciously, led him to attribute validity to a singularly flimsy piece of fallacious reasoning.
the second antinomy illustrates the dependence of the problem of continuity upon that of infinity.
since all external relation, and therefore all composition out of substances, is only possible in space, the space occupied by a complex thing must consist of as many parts as the thing consists of.
kant does not tell us why he holds that a space must consist of spaces rather than of simple parts.
for, if his proof of the thesis of the antinomy were valid, and if the antithesis could only be avoided by assuming points, then the antinomy itself would afford a conclusive reason in favour of points.
why, then, did kant think it impossible that space should be composed of points?
i think two considerations probably influenced him.
in the first place, the essential thing about space is spatial order, and mere points, by themselves, will not account for spatial order.
this ground for his view depends, therefore, upon his ignorance of the logical theory of order and his oscillations between absolute and relative space.
but there is also another ground for his opinion, which is more relevant to our present topic.
this is the ground derived from infinite divisibility.
in order to reach points by such a method, it would be necessary to come to the end of an unending process, which is impossible.
but just as an infinite class can be given all at once by its defining concept, though it cannot be reached by successive enumeration, so an infinite set of points can be given all at once as making up a line or area or volume, though they can never be reached by the process of successive division.
thus the infinite divisibility of space gives no ground for denying that space is composed of points.
kant does not give his grounds for this denial, and we can therefore only conjecture what they were.
but the above two grounds, which we have seen to be fallacious, seem sufficient to account for his opinion, and we may therefore conclude that the antithesis of the second antinomy is unproved.
the above illustration of kant's antinomies has only been introduced in order to show the relevance of the problem of infinity to the problem of the reality of objects of sense.
in the remainder of the present lecture, i wish to state and explain the problem of infinity, to show how it arose, and to show the irrelevance of all the solutions proposed by philosophers.
in the following lecture, i shall try to explain the true solution, which has been discovered by the mathematicians, but nevertheless belongs essentially to philosophy.
the solution is definitive, in the sense that it entirely satisfies and convinces all who study it carefully.
for over two thousand years the human intellect was baffled by the problem; its many failures and its ultimate success make this problem peculiarly apt for the illustration of method.
the problem appears to have first arisen in some such way as the following.
they, or their contemporaries the atomists, believed, apparently, that space is composed of indivisible points, while time is composed of indivisible instants.
i do not suppose that this latter belief was a conscious one, because probably no other possibility had occurred to them.
but the belief nevertheless operated, and very soon brought them into conflict with facts which they themselves discovered.
this includes all the numbers that can be expressed by means of our ordinary numerals, and since such numbers can be made greater and greater, without ever reaching an unsurpassable maximum, it is easy to suppose that there are no other numbers.
but this supposition, natural as it is, is mistaken.
i have also been greatly assisted by mr d.s.
robertson of trinity college, who has supplied the deficiencies of my knowledge of greek, and brought important references to my notice.
hence they affirmed that arithmetic contemplates that discrete quantity which subsists by itself, but music that which is related to another; and that geometry considers continued quantity so far as it is immovable; but astronomy ( ) contemplates continued quantity so far as it is of a self-motive nature.
this seems to imply that they regarded matter as consisting of atoms with empty space in between.
the difficulty which beset the pythagoreans in their attempts to apply numbers arose through their discovery of incommensurables, and this, in turn, arose as follows.
pythagoras, as we all learnt in youth, discovered the proposition that the sum of the squares on the sides of a right-angled triangle is equal to the square on the hypotenuse.
it is said that he sacrificed an ox when he discovered this theorem; if so, the ox was the first martyr to science.
but the theorem, though it has remained his chief claim to immortality, was soon found to have a consequence fatal to his whole philosophy.
consider the case of a right-angled triangle whose two sides are equal, such a triangle as is formed by two sides of a square and a diagonal.
here, in virtue of the theorem, the square on the diagonal is double of the square on either of the sides.
but pythagoras or his early followers easily proved that the square of one whole number cannot be double of the square of another.
now this fact might have been assimilated by some philosophies without any great difficulty, but to the philosophy of pythagoras it was absolutely fatal.
pythagoras held that number is the constitutive essence of all things, yet no two numbers could express the ratio of the side of a square to the diagonal.
it would seem probable that we may expand his difficulty, without departing from his thought, by assuming that he regarded the length of a line as determined by the number of atoms contained in it--a line two inches long would contain twice as many atoms as a line one inch long, and so on.
but if this were the truth, then there must be a definite numerical ratio between any two finite lengths, because it was supposed that the number of atoms in each, however large, must be finite.
here there was an insoluble contradiction.
the pythagoreans, it is said, resolved to keep the existence of incommensurables a profound secret, revealed only to a few of the supreme heads of the sect; and one of their number, hippasos of metapontion, is even said to have been shipwrecked at sea for impiously disclosing the terrible discovery to their enemies.
it must be remembered that pythagoras was the founder of a new religion as well as the teacher of a new science: if the science came to be doubted, the disciples might fall into sin, and perhaps even eat beans, which according to pythagoras is as bad as eating parents' bones.
the problem first raised by the discovery of incommensurables proved, as time went on, to be one of the most severe and at the same time most far-reaching problems that have confronted the human intellect in its endeavour to understand the world.
it showed at once that numerical measurement of lengths, if it was to be made accurate, must require an arithmetic more advanced and more difficult than any that the ancients possessed.
they therefore set to work to reconstruct geometry on a basis which did not assume the universal possibility of numerical measurement--a reconstruction which, as may be seen in euclid, they effected with extraordinary skill and with great logical acumen.
but although irrational numbers have long been used without a qualm, it is only in quite recent years that logically satisfactory definitions of them have been given.
with these definitions, the first and most obvious form of the difficulty which confronted the pythagoreans has been solved; but other forms of the difficulty remain to be considered, and it is these that introduce us to the problem of infinity in its pure form.
we saw that, accepting the view that a length is composed of points, the existence of incommensurables proves that every finite length must contain an infinite number of points.
in other words, if we were to take away points one by one, we should never have taken away all the points, however long we continued the process.
the property of being unable to be counted is characteristic of infinite collections, and is a source of many of their paradoxical qualities.
so paradoxical are these qualities that until our own day they were thought to constitute logical contradictions.
intervening attempts to deal with the problem are futile and negligible.
in order to understand zeno, and to realise how little modern orthodox metaphysics has added to the achievements of the greeks, we must consider for a moment his master parmenides, in whose interest the paradoxes were invented.
the impossibility of change follows from this principle; for what is past can be spoken of, and therefore, by the principle, still is.
the great conception of a reality behind the passing illusions of sense, a reality one, indivisible, and unchanging, was thus introduced into western philosophy by parmenides, not, it would seem, for mystical or religious reasons, but on the basis of a logical argument as to the impossibility of not-being.
all the great metaphysical systems--notably those of plato, spinoza, and hegel--are the outcome of this fundamental idea.
it is difficult to disentangle the truth and the error in this view.
the contention that time is unreal and that the world of sense is illusory must, i think, be regarded as based upon fallacious reasoning.
nevertheless, there is some sense--easier to feel than to state--in which time is an unimportant and superficial characteristic of reality.
past and future must be acknowledged to be as real as the present, and a certain emancipation from slavery to time is essential to philosophic thought.
the importance of time is rather practical than theoretical, rather in relation to our desires than in relation to truth.
a truer image of the world, i think, is obtained by picturing things as entering into the stream of time from an eternal world outside, than from a view which regards time as the devouring tyrant of all that is.
both in thought and in feeling, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
but unimportance is not unreality; and therefore what we shall have to say about zeno's arguments in support of parmenides must be mainly critical.
for you, in your poems, say all is one, and of this you adduce excellent proofs; and he on the other hand says there is no many; and on behalf of this he offers overwhelming evidence.
to deceive the world, as you have done, by saying the same thing in different ways, one of you affirming the one, and the other denying the many, is a strain of art beyond the reach of most of us.
but although you are as keen as a spartan hound in pursuing the track, you do not quite apprehend the true motive of the composition, which is not really such an ambitious work as you imagine; for what you speak of was an accident; i had no serious intention of deceiving the world.
the truth is, that these writings of mine were meant to protect the arguments of parmenides against those who scoff at him and show the many ridiculous and contradictory results which they suppose to follow from the affirmation of the one.
all the interpretations in what follows are open to question, but all have the support of reputable authorities.
nol, in the interests of hegel, maintains that the first two arguments refute infinite divisibility, while the next two refute indivisibles.
the historical questions raised by the above-mentioned discussions are no doubt largely insoluble, owing to the very scanty material from which our evidence is derived.
as regards the first two arguments, they would seem to be valid on the hypothesis of indivisibles, and also, without this hypothesis, to be such as would be valid if the traditional contradictions in infinite numbers were insoluble, which they are not.
we may conclude, therefore, that zeno's polemic is directed against the view that space and time consist of points and instants; and that as against the view that a finite stretch of space or time consists of a finite number of points and instants, his arguments are not sophisms, but perfectly valid.
the conclusion which zeno wishes us to draw is that plurality is a delusion, and spaces and times are really indivisible.
the other conclusion which is possible, namely, that the number of points and instants is infinite, was not tenable so long as the infinite was infected with contradictions.
now, if they are as many as they are, they will be finite in number.
this argument attempts to prove that, if there are many things, the number of them must be both finite and infinite, which is impossible; hence we are to conclude that there is only one thing.
this phrase is not very clear, but it is plain that it assumes the impossibility of definite infinite numbers.
without this assumption, which is now known to be false, the arguments of zeno, though they suffice (on certain very reasonable assumptions) to dispel the hypothesis of finite indivisibles, do not suffice to prove that motion and change and plurality are impossible.
they are not, however, on any view, mere foolish quibbles: they are serious arguments, raising difficulties which it has taken two thousand years to answer, and which even now are fatal to the teachings of most philosophers.
you cannot traverse an infinite number of points in a finite time.
you must traverse the half of any given distance before you traverse the whole, and the half of that again before you can traverse it.
for there are two senses in which the term 'infinite' is applied both to length and to time, and in fact to all continuous things, either in regard to divisibility, or in regard to the ends.
now it is not possible to touch things infinite in regard to number in a finite time, but it is possible to touch things infinite in regard to divisibility: for time itself also is infinite in this sense.
philoponus, a sixth-century commentator (r.p.
zeno appeals here, in the first place, to the fact that any distance, however small, can be halved.
from this it follows, of course, that there must be an infinite number of points in a line.
that is to say, after touching one, there is not another which you touch next: no two points are next each other, but between any two there are always an infinite number of others, which cannot be enumerated one by one.
his argument to the contrary may be supposed to appeal to the view that a finite time must consist of a finite number of instants, in which case what he says would be perfectly true on the assumption that the possibility of continued dichotomy is undeniable.
it is very possible that this is historically the right interpretation, but in this form the argument is invalid.
if half the course takes half a minute, and the next quarter takes a quarter of a minute, and so on, the whole course will take a minute.
the second of zeno's arguments is the one concerning achilles and the tortoise, which has achieved more notoriety than the others.
he must first reach the place from which the tortoise started.
by that time the tortoise will have got some way ahead.
achilles must then make up that, and again the tortoise will be ahead.
he is always coming nearer, but he never makes up to it.
this argument is essentially the same as the previous one.
it shows that, if achilles ever overtakes the tortoise, it must be after an infinite number of instants have elapsed since he started.
this is in fact true; but the view that an infinite number of instants make up an infinitely long time is not true, and therefore the conclusion that achilles will never overtake the tortoise does not follow.
this form of the argument brings out its force more clearly than burnet's paraphrase.
here, if not in the first two arguments, the view that a finite part of time consists of a finite series of successive instants seems to be assumed; at any rate the plausibility of the argument seems to depend upon supposing that there are consecutive instants.
throughout an instant, it is said, a moving body is where it is: it cannot move during the instant, for that would require that the instant should have parts.
thus, suppose we consider a period consisting of a thousand instants, and suppose the arrow is in flight throughout this period.
at each of the thousand instants, the arrow is where it is, though at the next instant it is somewhere else.
this is what m. bergson calls the cinematographic representation of reality.
the more the difficulty is meditated, the more real it becomes.
the argument as stated by burnet is as follows: first position.
let us suppose three rows of bodies, one of which (a) is at rest while the other two (b, c) are moving with equal velocity in opposite directions.
by the time they are all in the same part of the course, b will have passed twice as many of the bodies in c as in a.
therefore the time which it takes to pass c is twice as long as the time it takes to pass a.
but the time which b and c take to reach the position of a is the same.
this, he thinks, involves the conclusion that half a given time is equal to double the time.
the fallacy of the reasoning lies in the assumption that a body occupies an equal time in passing with equal velocity a body that is in motion and a body of equal size that is at rest, an assumption which is false.
for instance (so runs the argument), let a a ... be the stationary bodies of equal size, b b ... the bodies, equal in number and in size to a a..., originally occupying the half of the course from the starting-post to the middle of the a's, and c c ... those originally occupying the other half from the goal to the middle of the a's, equal in number, size, and velocity, to b b ... then three consequences follow.
first, as the b's and c's pass one another, the first b reaches the last c at the same moment at which the first c reaches the last b. secondly, at this moment the first c has passed all the a's, whereas the first b has passed only half the a's and has consequently occupied only half the time occupied by the first c, since each of the two occupies an equal time in passing each a. thirdly, at the same moment all the b's have passed all the c's: for the first c and the first b will simultaneously reach the opposite ends of the course, since (so says zeno) the time occupied by the first c in passing each of the b's is equal to that occupied by it in passing each of the a's, because an equal time is occupied by both the first b and the first c in passing all the a's.
b b b b b b a a a a a a c c c c c c this argument is not quite easy to follow, and it is only valid as against the assumption that a finite time consists of a finite number of instants.
we may re-state it in different language.
let us suppose three drill-sergeants, a, a, and a, standing in a row, while the two files of soldiers march past them in opposite directions.
at the first moment which we consider, the three men b, b, b in one row, and the three men c, c, c in the other row, are respectively opposite to a, a, and a.
at the very next moment, each row has moved on, and now b and c are opposite a.
it must have been somewhere between the two moments which we supposed consecutive, and therefore the two moments cannot really have been consecutive.
it follows that there must be other moments between any two given moments, and therefore that there must be an infinite number of moments in any given interval of time.
the above difficulty, that b must have passed c at some time between two consecutive moments, is a genuine one, but is not precisely the difficulty raised by zeno.
the most intelligible explanation of the argument known to me is that of gaye.
if we suppose that time consists of a series of consecutive instants, and that motion consists in passing through a series of consecutive points, then the fastest possible motion is one which, at each instant, is at a point consecutive to that at which it was at the previous instant.
any slower motion must be one which has intervals of rest interspersed, and any faster motion must wholly omit some points.
all this is evident from the fact that we cannot have more than one event for each instant.
but now, in the case of our a's and b's and c's, b is opposite a fresh a every instant, and therefore the number of a's passed gives the number of instants since the beginning of the motion.
but during the motion b has passed twice as many c's, and yet cannot have passed more than one each instant.
hence the number of instants since the motion began is twice the number of a's passed, though we previously found it was equal to this number.
from this result, zeno's conclusion follows.
zeno's arguments, in some form, have afforded grounds for almost all the theories of space and time and infinity which have been constructed from his day to our own.
we have seen that all his arguments are valid (with certain reasonable hypotheses) on the assumption that finite spaces and times consist of a finite number of points and instants, and that the third and fourth almost certainly in fact proceeded on this assumption, while the first and second, which were perhaps intended to refute the opposite assumption, were in that case fallacious.
we may therefore escape from his paradoxes either by maintaining that, though space and time do consist of points and instants, the number of them in any finite interval is infinite; or by denying that space and time consist of points and instants at all; or lastly, by denying the reality of space and time altogether.
it would seem that zeno himself, as a supporter of parmenides, drew the last of these three possible deductions, at any rate in regard to time.
in this a very large number of philosophers have followed him.
many others, like m. bergson, have preferred to deny that space and time consist of points and instants.
either of these solutions will meet the difficulties in the form in which zeno raised them.
but, as we saw, the difficulties can also be met if infinite numbers are admissible.
and on grounds which are independent of space and time, infinite numbers, and series in which no two terms are consecutive, must in any case be admitted.
between any two of them, there are others, for example, the arithmetical mean of the two.
thus no two fractions are consecutive, and the total number of them is infinite.
it will be found that much of what zeno says as regards the series of points on a line can be equally well applied to the series of fractions.
and we cannot deny that there are fractions, so that two of the above ways of escape are closed to us.
it follows that, if we are to solve the whole class of difficulties derivable from zeno's by analogy, we must discover some tenable theory of infinite numbers.
what, then, are the difficulties which, until the last thirty years, led philosophers to the belief that infinite numbers are impossible?
the difficulties of infinity are of two kinds, of which the first may be called sham, while the others involve, for their solution, a certain amount of new and not altogether easy thinking.
but in fact some infinite series have ends, some have not; while some collections are infinite without being serial, and can therefore not properly be regarded as either endless or having ends.
the series of instants from any earlier one to any later one (both included) is infinite, but has two ends; the series of instants from the beginning of time to the present moment has one end, but is infinite.
kant, in his first antinomy, seems to hold that it is harder for the past to be infinite than for the future to be so, on the ground that the past is now completed, and that nothing infinite can be completed.
it is odd that he did not see that the future too has one end at the present, and is precisely on a level with the past.
his regarding the two as different in this respect illustrates just that kind of slavery to time which, as we agreed in speaking of parmenides, the true philosopher must learn to leave behind him.
they see that this notion is not the same as the mathematical infinite, but they choose to believe that it is the notion which the mathematicians are vainly trying to reach.
there are, however, certain genuine difficulties in understanding the infinite, certain habits of mind derived from the consideration of finite numbers, and easily extended to infinite numbers under the mistaken notion that they represent logical necessities.
the numbers before it form an infinite series, containing all the ordinary finite numbers, having no maximum, no last finite number, after which one little step would plunge us into the infinite.
if it is assumed that the first infinite number is reached by a succession of small steps, it is easy to show that it is self-contradictory.
the first infinite number is, in fact, beyond the whole unending series of finite numbers.
this, we may point out, is the very principle upon which zeno relies in the arguments of the race-course and the achilles.
take the race-course: there is the moment when the runner still has half his distance to run, then the moment when he still has a quarter, then when he still has an eighth, and so on in a strictly unending series.
beyond the whole of this series is the moment when he reaches the goal.
thus there certainly can be something beyond the whole of an unending series.
but it remains to show that this fact is only what might have been expected.
if you set to work to count the terms in an infinite collection, you will never have completed your task.
but it is not essential to the existence of a collection, or even to knowledge and reasoning concerning it, that we should be able to pass its terms in review one by one.
we can do this because we know of various characteristics which every individual has if he belongs to the collection, and not if he does not.
and exactly the same happens in the case of infinite collections: they may be known by their characteristics although their terms cannot be enumerated.
in this sense, an unending series may nevertheless form a whole, and there may be new terms beyond the whole of it.
some purely arithmetical peculiarities of infinite numbers have also caused perplexity.
for instance, an infinite number is not increased by adding one to it, or by doubling it.
such peculiarities have seemed to many to contradict logic, but in fact they only contradict confirmed mental habits.
the whole difficulty of the subject lies in the necessity of thinking in an unfamiliar way, and in realising that many properties which we have thought inherent in number are in fact peculiar to finite numbers.
if this is remembered, the positive theory of infinity, which will occupy the next lecture, will not be found so difficult as it is to those who cling obstinately to the prejudices instilled by the arithmetic which is learnt in childhood.
the work in this subject has been done by mathematicians, and its results can be expressed in mathematical symbolism.
why, then, it may be said, should the subject be regarded as philosophy rather than as mathematics?
this raises a difficult question, partly concerned with the use of words, but partly also of real importance in understanding the function of philosophy.
every subject-matter, it would seem, can give rise to philosophical investigations as well as to the appropriate science, the difference between the two treatments being in the direction of movement and in the kind of truths which it is sought to establish.
in the special sciences, when they have become fully developed, the movement is forward and synthetic, from the simpler to the more complex.
neither of them asserts propositions which, like those of history and geography, depend upon the actual concrete facts being just what they are.
in all the many possible worlds, philosophy and mathematics will be the same; the differences will only be in respect of those particular facts which are chronicled by the descriptive sciences.
any quality, therefore, by which our actual world is distinguished from other abstractly possible worlds, must be ignored by mathematics and philosophy alike.
mathematics and philosophy differ, however, in their manner of treating the general properties in which all possible worlds agree; for while mathematics, starting from comparatively simple propositions, seeks to build up more and more complex results by deductive synthesis, philosophy, starting from data which are common knowledge, seeks to purify and generalise them into the simplest statements of abstract form that can be obtained from them by logical analysis.
the difference between philosophy and mathematics may be illustrated by our present problem, namely, the nature of number.
both start from certain facts about numbers which are evident to inspection.
but mathematics uses these facts to deduce more and more complicated theorems, while philosophy seeks, by analysis, to go behind these facts to others, simpler, more fundamental, and inherently more fitted to form the premisses of the science of arithmetic.
is the pre-eminent philosophic question in this subject, but it is one which the mathematician as such need not ask, provided he knows enough of the properties of numbers to enable him to deduce his theorems.
we, since our object is philosophical, must grapple with the philosopher's question.
which we shall reach in this lecture, will be found to give also, by implication, the answer to the difficulties of infinity which we considered in the previous lecture.
is one which, until quite recent times, was never considered in the kind of way that is capable of yielding a precise answer.
such vague philosophic definitions, however, remained inoperative because of their very vagueness.
it is this view of number as generated by counting which has been the chief psychological obstacle to the understanding of infinite numbers.
counting, because it is familiar, is erroneously supposed to be simple, whereas it is in fact a highly complex process, which has no meaning unless the numbers reached in counting have some significance independent of the process by which they are reached.
and infinite numbers cannot be reached at all in this way.
the mistake is of the same kind as if cows were defined as what can be bought from a cattle-merchant.
to a person who knew several cattle-merchants, but had never seen a cow, this might seem an admirable definition.
but if in his travels he came across a herd of wild cows, he would have to declare that they were not cows at all, because no cattle-merchant could sell them.
so infinite numbers were declared not to be numbers at all, because they could not be reached by counting.
it will be worth while to consider for a moment what counting actually is.
we count a set of objects when we let our attention pass from one to another, until we have attended once to each, saying the names of the numbers in order with each successive act of attention.
the last number named in this process is the number of the objects, and therefore counting is a method of finding out what the number of the objects is.
but this operation is really a very complicated one, and those who imagine that it is the logical source of number show themselves remarkably incapable of analysis.
such a child may count correctly from the point of view of a grown-up listener, without having any idea of numbers at all.
the operation of counting, in fact, can only be intelligently performed by a person who already has some idea what the numbers are; and from this it follows that counting does not give the logical basis of number.
again, how do we know that the last number reached in the process of counting is the number of the objects counted?
this is just one of those facts that are too familiar for their significance to be realised; but those who wish to be logicians must acquire the habit of dwelling upon such facts.
the first of these propositions is capable of an easy arithmetical proof so long as finite numbers are concerned; but with infinite numbers, after the first, it ceases to be true.
the second proposition remains true, and is in fact, as we shall see, an immediate consequence of the definition of number.
but owing to the falsehood of the first proposition where infinite numbers are concerned, counting, even if it were practically possible, would not be a valid method of discovering the number of terms in an infinite collection, and would in fact give different results according to the manner in which it was carried out.
let us consider these two properties successively.
it follows at once that any finite number can be added to a reflexive number without increasing it.
this property of infinite numbers was always thought, until recently, to be self-contradictory; but through the work of georg cantor it has come to be recognised that, though at first astonishing, it is no more self-contradictory than the fact that people at the antipodes do not tumble off.
in virtue of this property, given any infinite collection of objects, any finite number of objects can be added or taken away without increasing or diminishing the number of the collection.
even an infinite number of objects may, under certain conditions, be added or taken away without altering the number.
this may be made clearer by the help of some examples.
then every number in the top row has a number directly under it in the bottom row, and no number occurs twice in either row.
it follows that the number of numbers in the two rows must be the same.
the following example is even more surprising.
then, as before, the number of numbers in the two rows is the same, yet the second row results from taking away all the odd numbers--an infinite collection--from the top row.
this example is given by leibniz to prove that there can be no infinite numbers.
he believed in infinite collections, but, since he thought that a number must always be increased when it is added to and diminished when it is subtracted from, he maintained that infinite collections do not have numbers.
it will be seen that leibniz regards it as self-contradictory to maintain that the whole is not greater than its part.
in this sense, it is not self-contradictory for whole and part to be equal; it is the realisation of this fact which has made the modern theory of infinity possible.
there is an interesting discussion of the reflexiveness of infinite wholes in the first of galileo's dialogues on motion.
but now, to assign an infinite greater than an infinite, is what i can't possibly conceive.
to begin then: i suppose you know which are square numbers, and which not?
whence taking in all numbers, both squares and not squares, if i should say, that the not squares are more than the squares, should i not be in the right?
you may truly answer, that there are as many as are their proper roots, since every square has its own root, and every root its own square, and since no square has more than one root, nor any root more than one square.
and this being granted, we may likewise affirm, that there are as many square numbers, as there are numbers; for there are as many squares as there are roots, and as many roots as numbers.
done into english from the italian, by tho.
weston, late master, and now published by john weston, present master, of the academy at greenwich.
the way in which the problem is expounded in the above discussion is worthy of galileo, but the solution suggested is not the right one.
it is actually the case that the number of square (finite) numbers is the same as the number of (finite) numbers.
the fact that, so long as we confine ourselves to numbers less than some given finite number, the proportion of squares tends towards zero as the given finite number increases, does not contradict the fact that the number of all finite squares is the same as the number of all finite numbers.
the number of points is the same in a long line and in a short one, being in fact the same as the number of points in all space.
but this question has not the fundamental importance which belongs to the arithmetical theory of infinity.
take such a property as being named jones.
if a man is named jones, so is his son; we will therefore call the property of being called jones hereditary with respect to the relation of father and son.
if a man is called jones, all his descendants in the direct male line are called jones; this follows from the fact that the property is hereditary.
it will be seen that a hereditary property, though it must belong to all the finite numbers greater than a given number possessing the property, need not belong to all the numbers less than this number.
similarly, the hereditary property of being called jones belongs to all the descendants (in the direct male line) of those who have this property, but not to all their ancestors, because we reach at last a first jones, before whom the ancestors have no surname.
to all such numbers, proofs by mathematical induction can be validly applied.
but beyond all these numbers, there are the infinite numbers, and infinite numbers do not have all inductive properties.
such numbers, therefore, may be called non-inductive.
all those properties of numbers which are proved by an imaginary step-by-step process from one number to the next are liable to fail when we come to infinite numbers.
the first of the infinite numbers has no immediate predecessor, because there is no greatest finite number; thus no succession of steps from one number to the next will ever reach from a finite number to an infinite one, and the step-by-step method of proof fails.
this is another reason for the supposed self-contradictions of infinite numbers.
many of the most familiar properties of numbers, which custom had led people to regard as logically necessary, are in fact only demonstrable by the step-by-step method, and fail to be true of infinite numbers.
but so soon as we realise the necessity of proving such properties by mathematical induction, and the strictly limited scope of this method of proof, the supposed contradictions are seen to contradict, not logic, but only our prejudices and mental habits.
this follows generally from the general argument, and follows for each particular case by a sufficient number of applications of the argument.
the two properties of reflexiveness and non-inductiveness, which we have considered as characteristics of infinite numbers, have not so far been proved to be always found together.
it is known that all reflexive numbers are non-inductive, but it is not known that all non-inductive numbers are reflexive.
fallacious proofs of this proposition have been published by many writers, including myself, but up to the present no valid proof has been discovered.
the infinite numbers actually known, however, are all reflexive as well as non-inductive; thus, in mathematical practice, if not in theory, the two properties are always associated.
for our purposes, therefore, it will be convenient to ignore the bare possibility that there may be non-inductive non-reflexive numbers, since all known numbers are either inductive or reflexive.
when infinite numbers are first introduced to people, they are apt to refuse the name of numbers to them, because their behaviour is so different from that of finite numbers that it seems a wilful misuse of terms to call them numbers at all.
in order to meet this feeling, we must now turn to the logical basis of arithmetic, and consider the logical definition of numbers.
the logical definition of numbers, though it seems an essential support to the theory of infinite numbers, was in fact discovered independently and by a different man.
i wish to state as emphatically as possible--what seems still often ignored--that his discovery antedated mine by eighteen years.
frege begins by noting the increased desire for logical strictness in mathematical demonstrations which distinguishes modern mathematicians from their predecessors, and points out that this must lead to a critical investigation of the definition of number.
this brings him to the question: what kind of object is it that number can properly be ascribed to?
it follows that physical things are not the subjects of which number is properly predicated; for when we have discovered the proper subjects, the number to be ascribed must be unambiguous.
this leads to a discussion of the very prevalent view that number is really something psychological and subjective, a view which frege emphatically rejects.
the botanist wishes to state something which is just as much a fact when he gives the number of petals in a flower as when he gives its colour.
the one depends as little as the other upon our caprice.
he concludes that number is neither spatial and physical, nor subjective, but non-sensible and objective.
this conclusion is important, since it applies to all the subject-matter of mathematics and logic.
most philosophers have thought that the physical and the mental between them exhausted the world of being.
some have argued that the objects of mathematics were obviously not subjective, and therefore must be physical and empirical; others have argued that they were obviously not physical, and therefore must be subjective and mental.
both sides were right in what they denied, and wrong in what they asserted; frege has the merit of accepting both denials, and finding a third assertion by recognising the world of logic, which is neither mental nor physical.
the unity which philosophers rightly feel to be necessary for the assertion of a number is the unity of the general term, and it is the general term which is the proper subject of number.
and this applies equally when there is one object or none which falls under the general term.
thus, in seeking our definition of number we have arrived so far at the result that numbers are properties of general terms or general descriptions, not of physical things or of mental occurrences.
but some general term is always necessary in order to describe a class.
and in the case of an infinite class, enumeration is impossible, so that description by a general characteristic common and peculiar to the members of the class is the only possible description.
here, as we see, the theory of number to which frege was led by purely logical considerations becomes of use in showing how infinite classes can be amenable to number in spite of being incapable of enumeration.
frege next asks the question: when do two collections have the same number of terms?
in ordinary life, we decide this question by counting; but counting, as we saw, is impossible in the case of infinite collections, and is not logically fundamental with finite collections.
we want, therefore, a different method of answering our question.
an illustration may help to make the method clear.
i do not know how many married men there are in england, but i do know that the number is the same as the number of married women.
the reason i know this is that the relation of husband and wife relates one man to one woman and one woman to one man.
a relation of this sort is called a one-one relation.
the relation of father to son is called a one-many relation, because a man can have only one father but may have many sons; conversely, the relation of son to father is called a many-one relation.
but the relation of husband to wife (in christian countries) is called one-one, because a man cannot have more than one wife, or a woman more than one husband.
now, whenever there is a one-one relation between all the terms of one collection and all the terms of another severally, as in the case of english husbands and english wives, the number of terms in the one collection is the same as the number in the other; but when there is not such a relation, the number is different.
this is the answer to the question: when do two collections have the same number of terms?
we can now at last answer the question: what is meant by the number of terms in a given collection?
we have just seen that two similar collections have the same number of terms.
this definition, as frege (expressing it in slightly different terms) showed, yields the usual arithmetical properties of numbers.
it is applicable equally to finite and infinite numbers, and it does not require the admission of some new and mysterious set of metaphysical entities.
the above definition is sure to produce, at first sight, a feeling of oddity, which is liable to cause a certain dissatisfaction.
the answer to a feeling cannot be a logical argument, but nevertheless the answer in this case is not without importance.
in the first place, it will be found that when an idea which has grown familiar as an unanalysed whole is first resolved accurately into its component parts--which is what we do when we define it--there is almost always a feeling of unfamiliarity produced by the analysis, which tends to cause a protest against the definition.
in the second place, it may be admitted that the definition, like all definitions, is to a certain extent arbitrary.
in the third place, the real desideratum about such a definition as that of number is not that it should represent as nearly as possible the ideas of those who have not gone through the analysis required in order to reach a definition, but that it should give us objects having the requisite properties.
numbers, in fact, must satisfy the formul of arithmetic; any indubitable set of objects fulfilling this requirement may be called numbers.
so far, the simplest set known to fulfil this requirement is the set introduced by the above definition.
in comparison with this merit, the question whether the objects to which the definition applies are like or unlike the vague ideas of numbers entertained by those who cannot give a definition, is one of very little importance.
all the important requirements are fulfilled by the above definition, and the sense of oddity which is at first unavoidable will be found to wear off very quickly with the growth of familiarity.
there is, however, a certain logical doctrine which may be thought to form an objection to the above definition of numbers as classes of classes--i mean the doctrine that there are no such objects as classes at all.
it might be thought that this doctrine would make havoc of a theory which reduces numbers to classes, and of the many other theories in which we have made use of classes.
this, however, would be a mistake: none of these theories are any the worse for the doctrine that classes are fictions.
what the doctrine is, and why it is not destructive, i will try briefly to explain.
that is to say, if, in any sentence in which a thing is mentioned, you substitute a class for the thing, you no longer have a sentence that has any meaning: the sentence is no longer either true or false, but a meaningless collection of words.
appearances to the contrary can be dispelled by a moment's reflection.
now, if nothing that can be said significantly about a thing can be said significantly about a class of things, it follows that classes of things cannot have the same kind of reality as things have; for if they had, a class could be substituted for a thing in a proposition predicating the kind of reality which would be common to both.
this view is really consonant to common sense.
yet if collections of things were things, his contention would be irrefragable.
it is only because the bay horse and the dun cow taken together are not a new thing that we can escape the conclusion that there are three things wherever there are two.
when it is admitted that classes are not things, the question arises: what do we mean by statements which are nominally about classes?
in some such way, all statements nominally about a class can be reduced to statements about what follows from the hypothesis of anything's having the defining property of the class.
the definition of such a method is a technical matter, which dr whitehead and i have dealt with elsewhere, and which we need not enter into on this occasion.
if the theory that classes are merely symbolic is accepted, it follows that numbers are not actual entities, but that propositions in which numbers verbally occur have not really any constituents corresponding to numbers, but only a certain logical form which is not a part of propositions having this form.
this is in fact the case with all the apparent objects of logic and mathematics.
but the questions raised are so large and so difficult that it is impossible to pursue them further on this occasion.
we start from a body of common knowledge, which constitutes our data.
on examination, the data are found to be complex, rather vague, and largely interdependent logically.
by analysis we reduce them to propositions which are as nearly as possible simple and precise, and we arrange them in deductive chains, in which a certain number of initial propositions form a logical guarantee for all the rest.
premisses are thus quite different from data--they are simpler, more precise, and less infected with logical redundancy.
if the work of analysis has been performed completely, they will be wholly free from logical redundancy, wholly precise, and as simple as is logically compatible with their leading to the given body of knowledge.
but besides the logical analysis of the common knowledge which forms our data, there is the consideration of its degree of certainty.
when we have arrived at its premisses, we may find that some of them seem open to doubt, and we may find further that this doubt extends to those of our original data which depend upon these doubtful premisses.
in our third lecture, for example, we saw that the part of physics which depends upon testimony, and thus upon the existence of other minds than our own, does not seem so certain as the part which depends exclusively upon our own sense-data and the laws of logic.
similarly, it used to be felt that the parts of geometry which depend upon the axiom of parallels have less certainty than the parts which are independent of this premiss.
we may say, generally, that what commonly passes as knowledge is not all equally certain, and that, when analysis into premisses has been effected, the degree of certainty of any consequence of the premisses will depend upon that of the most doubtful premiss employed in proving this consequence.
thus analysis into premisses serves not only a logical purpose, but also the purpose of facilitating an estimate as to the degree of certainty to be attached to this or that derivative belief.
in view of the fallibility of all human beliefs, this service seems at least as important as the purely logical services rendered by philosophical analysis.
when we see the sun set, we expect that it will rise again the next day.
when we hear a man speaking, we infer that he has certain thoughts.
all these inferences are due to causal laws.
in fact, a causal law which is being used to extend our knowledge of existence must be applied to what, at the moment, is not a datum; it is in the possibility of such application that the practical utility of a causal law consists.
but we cannot become acquainted with a particular except by its being actually given.
this is obvious in all our previous instances: we infer the unperceived lightning from the thunder, not in virtue of any peculiarity of the thunder, but in virtue of its resemblance to other claps of thunder.
thus a causal law must state that the existence of a thing of a certain sort (or of a number of things of a number of assigned sorts) implies the existence of another thing having a relation to the first which remains invariable so long as the first is of the kind in question.
we shall return to this point at a later stage of the discussion.
the particular which is inferred may be uniquely determined by the causal law, or may be only described in such general terms that many different particulars might satisfy the description.
this depends upon whether the constant relation affirmed by the causal law is one which only one term can have to the data, or one which many terms may have.
if many terms may have the relation in question, science will not be satisfied until it has found some more stringent law, which will enable us to determine the inferred things uniquely.
since all known things are in time, a causal law must take account of temporal relations.
it will be part of the causal law to state a relation of succession or coexistence between the thing given and the thing inferred.
when we hear thunder and infer that there was lightning, the law states that the thing inferred is earlier than the thing given.
conversely, when we see lightning and wait expectantly for the thunder, the law states that the thing given is earlier than the thing inferred.
when we infer a man's thoughts from his words, the law states that the two are (at least approximately) simultaneous.
that is to say, the time-relation between the thing given and the thing inferred ought to be capable of exact statement; and usually the inference to be drawn is different according to the length and direction of the interval.
such a statement involves two causal laws, one inferring from a datum something which existed a quarter of an hour ago, the other inferring from the same datum something which will exist an hour hence.
often a causal law involves not one datum, but many, which need not be all simultaneous with each other, though their time-relations must be given.
the things given will not, in practice, be things that only exist for an instant, for such things, if there are any, can never be data.
the things given will each occupy some finite time.
they may be not static things, but processes, especially motions.
we have considered in an earlier lecture the sense in which a motion may be a datum, and need not now recur to this topic.
it is not essential to a causal law that the object inferred should be later than some or all of the data.
it may equally well be earlier or at the same time.
the only thing essential is that the law should be such as to enable us to infer the existence of an object which we can more or less accurately describe in terms of the data.
i come now to our second question, namely: what is the nature of the evidence that causal laws have held hitherto, at least in the observed portions of the past?
this question must not be confused with the further question: does this evidence warrant us in assuming the truth of causal laws in the future and in unobserved portions of the past?
for the present, i am only asking what are the grounds which lead to a belief in causal laws, not whether these grounds are adequate to support the belief in universal causation.
the first step is the discovery of approximate unanalysed uniformities of sequence or coexistence.
after lightning comes thunder, after a blow received comes pain, after approaching a fire comes warmth; again, there are uniformities of coexistence, for example between touch and sight, between certain sensations in the throat and the sound of one's own voice, and so on.
the connection of experienced past uniformity with expectation as to the future is just one of those uniformities of sequence which we have observed to be true hitherto.
this affords a psychological account of what may be called the animal belief in causation, because it is something which can be observed in horses and dogs, and is rather a habit of acting than a real belief.
so far, we have merely repeated hume, who carried the discussion of cause up to this point, but did not, apparently, perceive how much remained to be said.
is there, in fact, any characteristic, such as might be called causality or uniformity, which is found to hold throughout the observed past?
the particular uniformities which we mentioned before, such as lightning being followed by thunder, are not found to be free from exceptions.
we sometimes see lightning without hearing thunder; and although, in such a case, we suppose that thunder might have been heard if we had been nearer to the lightning, that is a supposition based on theory, and therefore incapable of being invoked to support the theory.
what does seem, however, to be shown by scientific experience is this: that where an observed uniformity fails, some wider uniformity can be found, embracing more circumstances, and subsuming both the successes and the failures of the previous uniformity.
unsupported bodies in air fall, unless they are balloons or aeroplanes; but the principles of mechanics give uniformities which apply to balloons and aeroplanes just as accurately as to bodies that fall.
there is much that is hypothetical and more or less artificial in the uniformities affirmed by mechanics, because, when they cannot otherwise be made applicable, unobserved bodies are inferred in order to account for observed peculiarities.
still, it is an empirical fact that it is possible to preserve the laws by assuming such bodies, and that they never have to be assumed in circumstances in which they ought to be observable.
thus the empirical verification of mechanical laws may be admitted, although we must also admit that it is less complete and triumphant than is sometimes supposed.
assuming now, what must be admitted to be doubtful, that the whole of the past has proceeded according to invariable laws, what can we say as to the nature of these laws?
they will not be of the simple type which asserts that the same cause always produces the same effect.
we may take the law of gravitation as a sample of the kind of law that appears to be verified without exception.
in order to state this law in a form which observation can confirm, we will confine it to the solar system.
it then states that the motions of planets and their satellites have at every instant an acceleration compounded of accelerations towards all the other bodies in the solar system, proportional to the masses of those bodies and inversely proportional to the squares of their distances.
in virtue of this law, given the state of the solar system throughout any finite time, however short, its state at all earlier and later times is determinate except in so far as other forces than gravitation or other bodies than those in the solar system have to be taken into consideration.
but other forces, so far as science can discover, appear to be equally regular, and equally capable of being summed up in single causal laws.
if the mechanical account of matter were complete, the whole physical history of the universe, past and future, could be inferred from a sufficient number of data concerning an assigned finite time, however short.
in the mental world, the evidence for the universality of causal laws is less complete than in the physical world.
psychology cannot boast of any triumph comparable to gravitational astronomy.
nevertheless, the evidence is not very greatly less than in the physical world.
the crude and approximate causal laws from which science starts are just as easy to discover in the mental sphere as in the physical.
in the world of sense, there are to begin with the correlations of sight and touch and so on, and the facts which lead us to connect various kinds of sensations with eyes, ears, nose, tongue, etc.
then there are such facts as that our body moves in answer to our volitions.
exceptions exist, but are capable of being explained as easily as the exceptions to the rule that unsupported bodies in air fall.
there is, in fact, just such a degree of evidence for causal laws in psychology as will warrant the psychologist in assuming them as a matter of course, though not such a degree as will suffice to remove all doubt from the mind of a sceptical inquirer.
at this stage, it will be well to say a few words on legitimate and illegitimate uses of this word.
the approximate uniformities which lead to its pre-scientific employment may turn out to be true in all but very rare and exceptional circumstances, perhaps in all circumstances that actually occur.
we come now to our third question, namely: what reason can be given for believing that causal laws will hold in future, or that they have held in unobserved portions of the past?
what we have said so far is that there have been hitherto certain observed causal laws, and that all the empirical evidence we possess is compatible with the view that everything, both mental and physical, so far as our observation has extended, has happened in accordance with causal laws.
have we any reason to believe this universal law?
or, to ask a more modest question, have we any reason to believe that a particular causal law, such as the law of gravitation, will continue to hold in the future?
among observed causal laws is this, that observation of uniformities is followed by expectation of their recurrence.
a horse who has been driven always along a certain road expects to be driven along that road again; a dog who is always fed at a certain hour expects food at that hour and not at any other.
such expectations, as hume pointed out, explain only too well the common-sense belief in uniformities of sequence, but they afford absolutely no logical ground for beliefs as to the future, not even for the belief that we shall continue to expect the continuation of experienced uniformities, for that is precisely one of those causal laws for which a ground has to be sought.
if hume's account of causation is the last word, we have not only no reason to suppose that the sun will rise to-morrow, but no reason to suppose that five minutes hence we shall still expect it to rise to-morrow.
it may, of course, be said that all inferences as to the future are in fact invalid, and i do not see how such a view could be disproved.
it may well be questioned whether this proposition is true; but if we admit it, we can infer that any characteristic of the whole of the observed past is likely to apply to the future and to the unobserved past.
this proposition, therefore, if it is true, will warrant the inference that causal laws probably hold at all times, future as well as past; but without this principle, the observed cases of the truth of causal laws afford no presumption as to the unobserved cases, and therefore the existence of a thing not directly observed can never be validly inferred.
it is thus the principle of induction, rather than the law of causality, which is at the bottom of all inferences as to the existence of things not immediately given.
with the principle of induction, all that is wanted for such inferences can be proved; without it, all such inferences are invalid.
this principle has not received the attention which its great importance deserves.
whether inferences from past to future are valid depends wholly, if our discussion has been sound, upon the inductive principle: if it is true, such inferences are valid, and if it is false, they are invalid.
i come now to the question how the conception of causal laws which we have arrived at is related to the traditional conception of cause as it occurs in philosophy and common sense.
historically, the notion of cause has been bound up with that of human volition.
the typical cause would be the fiat of a king.
but all such ideas, as applied to physics, are mere anthropomorphic superstitions.
means anything more than the search for a general law according to which a phenomenon occurs, then it is certainly the case that this question cannot be answered in physics and ought not to be asked.
in this sense, the descriptive view is indubitably in the right.
in order to understand the difference between the kind of cause which science uses and the kind which we naturally imagine, it is necessary to shut out, by an effort, everything that differentiates between past and future.
this is an extraordinarily difficult thing to do, because our mental life is so intimately bound up with difference.
not only do memory and hope make a difference in our feelings as regards past and future, but almost our whole vocabulary is filled with the idea of activity, of things done now for the sake of their future effects.
all transitive verbs involve the notion of cause as activity, and would have to be replaced by some cumbrous periphrasis before this notion could be eliminated.
on another occasion, brutus and csar might engage our attention, but for the present it is the killing that we have to study.
we may say that to kill a person is to cause his death intentionally.
this means that desire for a person's death causes a certain act, because it is believed that that act will cause the person's death; or more accurately, the desire and the belief jointly cause the act.
brutus desires that csar should be dead, and believes that he will be dead if he is stabbed; brutus therefore stabs him, and the stab causes csar's death, as brutus expected it would.
every act which realises a purpose involves two causal steps in this way: c is desired, and it is believed (truly if the purpose is achieved) that b will cause c; the desire and the belief together cause b, which in turn causes c. thus we have first a, which is a desire for c and a belief that b (an act) will cause c; then we have b, the act caused by a, and believed to be a cause of c; then, if the belief was correct, we have c, caused by b, and if the belief was incorrect we have disappointment.
regarded purely scientifically, this series a, b, c may equally well be considered in the inverse order, as they would be at a coroner's inquest.
but from the point of view of brutus, the desire, which comes at the beginning, is what makes the whole series interesting.
we feel that if his desires had been different, the effects which he in fact produced would not have occurred.
this is true, and gives him a sense of power and freedom.
it is equally true that if the effects had not occurred, his desires would have been different, since being what they were the effects did occur.
thus the desires are determined by their consequences just as much as the consequences by the desires; but as we cannot (in general) know in advance the consequences of our desires without knowing our desires, this form of inference is uninteresting as applied to our own acts, though quite vital as applied to those of others.
a cause is an event or group of events, of some known general character, and having a known relation to some other event, called the effect; the relation being of such a kind that only one event, or at any rate only one well-defined sort of event, can have the relation to a given cause.
we shall do better to allow the effect to be before the cause or simultaneous with it, because nothing of any scientific importance depends upon its being after the cause.
if the inference from cause to effect is to be indubitable, it seems that the cause can hardly stop short of the whole universe.
so long as anything is left out, something may be left out which alters the expected result.
but for practical and scientific purposes, phenomena can be collected into groups which are causally self-contained, or nearly so.
in the common notion of causation, the cause is a single event--we say the lightning causes the thunder, and so on.
but it is difficult to know what we mean by a single event; and it generally appears that, in order to have anything approaching certainty concerning the effect, it is necessary to include many more circumstances in the cause than unscientific common sense would suppose.
but often a probable causal connection, where the cause is fairly simple, is of more practical importance than a more indubitable connection in which the cause is so complex as to be hard to ascertain.
what is actually known, as a matter of empirical science, is that certain constant relations are observed to hold between the members of a group of events at certain times, and that when such relations fail, as they sometimes do, it is usually possible to discover a new, more constant relation by enlarging the group.
but all causal laws are liable to exceptions, if the cause is less than the whole state of the universe; we believe, on the basis of a good deal of experience, that such exceptions can be dealt with by enlarging the group we call the cause, but this belief, wherever it is still unverified, ought not to be regarded as certain, but only as suggesting a direction for further inquiry.
a very common causal group consists of volitions and the consequent bodily acts, though exceptions arise (for example) through sudden paralysis.
another very frequent connection (though here the exceptions are much more numerous) is between a bodily act and the realisation of the purpose which led to the act.
these connections are patent, whereas the causes of desires are more obscure.
thus it is natural to begin causal series with desires, to suppose that all causes are analogous to desires, and that desires themselves arise spontaneously.
such a view, however, is not one which any serious psychologist would maintain.
but this brings us to the question of the application of our analysis of cause to the problem of free will.
v. the problem of free will is so intimately bound up with the analysis of causation that, old as it is, we need not despair of obtaining new light on it by the help of new views on the notion of cause.
the free-will problem has, at one time or another, stirred men's passions profoundly, and the fear that the will might not be free has been to some men a source of great unhappiness.
i believe that, under the influence of a cool analysis, the doubtful questions involved will be found to have no such emotional importance as is sometimes thought, since the disagreeable consequences supposed to flow from a denial of free will do not flow from this denial in any form in which there is reason to make it.
it is not, however, on this account chiefly that i wish to discuss this problem, but rather because it affords a good example of the clarifying effect of analysis and of the interminable controversies which may result from its neglect.
let us first try to discover what it is we really desire when we desire free will.
some of our reasons for desiring free will are profound, some trivial.
to begin with the former: we do not wish to feel ourselves in the hands of fate, so that, however much we may desire to will one thing, we may nevertheless be compelled by an outside force to will another.
we do not wish to think that, however much we may desire to act well, heredity and surroundings may force us into acting ill. we wish to feel that, in cases of doubt, our choice is momentous and lies within our power.
besides these desires, which are worthy of all respect, we have, however, others not so respectable, which equally make us desire free will.
we do not like to think that other people, if they knew enough, could predict our actions, though we know that we can often predict those of other people, especially if they are elderly.
much as we esteem the old gentleman who is our neighbour in the country, we know that when grouse are mentioned he will tell the story of the grouse in the gun-room.
but we ourselves are not so mechanical: we never tell an anecdote to the same person twice, or even once unless he is sure to enjoy it; although we once met (say) bismarck, we are quite capable of hearing him mentioned without relating the occasion when we met him.
in this sense, everybody thinks that he himself has free will, though he knows that no one else has.
the desire for this kind of free will seems to be no better than a form of vanity.
i do not believe that this desire can be gratified with any certainty; but the other, more respectable desires are, i believe, not inconsistent with any tenable form of determinism.
the two questions, as i shall try to show, are entirely distinct, and we may answer the first in the affirmative without therefore being forced to give an affirmative answer to the second.
we may state the question thus: is there some constant relation between an act and a certain number of earlier events, such that, when the earlier events are given, only one act, or at most only acts with some well-marked character, can have this relation to the earlier events?
if this is the case, then, as soon as the earlier events are known, it is theoretically possible to predict either the precise act, or at least the character necessary to its fulfilling the constant relation.
to this question, a negative answer has been given by bergson, in a form which calls in question the general applicability of the law of causation.
he maintains that every event, and more particularly every mental event, embodies so much of the past that it could not possibly have occurred at any earlier time, and is therefore necessarily quite different from all previous and subsequent events.
if, for example, i read a certain poem many times, my experience on each occasion is modified by the previous readings, and my emotions are never repeated exactly.
the principle of causation, according to him, asserts that the same cause, if repeated, will produce the same effect.
but owing to memory, he contends, this principle does not apply to mental events.
what is apparently the same cause, if repeated, is modified by the mere fact of repetition, and cannot produce the same effect.
he infers that every mental event is a genuine novelty, not predictable from the past, because the past contains nothing exactly like it by which we could imagine it.
and on this ground he regards the freedom of the will as unassailable.
bergson's contention has undoubtedly a great deal of truth, and i have no wish to deny its importance.
but i do not think its consequences are quite what he believes them to be.
it is not necessary for the determinist to maintain that he can foresee the whole particularity of the act which will be performed.
if he could foresee that a was going to murder b, his foresight would not be invalidated by the fact that he could not know all the infinite complexity of a's state of mind in committing the murder, nor whether the murder was to be performed with a knife or with a revolver.
no doubt every time the story of the grouse in the gun-room is told, there will be slight differences due to increasing habitualness, but they do not invalidate the prediction that the story will be told.
again, his statement of the law of causation is inadequate.
it states rather that there is a constant relation between causes of certain kinds and effects of certain kinds.
for example, if a body falls freely, there is a constant relation between the height through which it falls and the time it takes in falling.
if this were necessary, no prediction would be possible, since it would be impossible to make the height exactly the same on two occasions.
similarly, the attraction which the sun will exert on the earth is not only known at distances for which it has been observed, but at all distances, because it is known to vary as the inverse square of the distance.
the substantive question at issue is whether mental events are determined by the past.
now in such a case as the repeated reading of a poem, it is obvious that our feelings in reading the poem are most emphatically dependent upon the past, but not upon one single event in the past.
all our previous readings of the poem must be included in the cause.
but we easily perceive a certain law according to which the effect varies as the previous readings increase in number, and in fact bergson himself tacitly assumes such a law.
we decide at last not to read the poem again, because we know that this time the effect would be boredom.
we may not know all the niceties and shades of the boredom we should feel, but we know enough to guide our decision, and the prophecy of boredom is none the less true for being more or less general.
thus the kinds of cases upon which bergson relies are insufficient to show the impossibility of prediction in the only sense in which prediction has practical or emotional interest.
we may therefore leave the consideration of his arguments and address ourselves to the problem directly.
in certain directions the law has been verified empirically, and in other directions there is no positive evidence against it.
but science can use it where it has been found to be true, without being forced into any assumption as to its truth in other fields.
the question how far human volitions are subject to causal laws is a purely empirical one.
empirically it seems plain that the great majority of our volitions have causes, but it cannot, on this account, be held necessarily certain that all have causes.
there are, however, precisely the same kinds of reasons for regarding it as probable that they all have causes as there are in the case of physical events.
we may suppose--though this is doubtful--that there are laws of correlation of the mental and the physical, in virtue of which, given the state of all the matter in the world, and therefore of all the brains and living organisms, the state of all the minds in the world could be inferred, while conversely the state of all the matter in the world could be inferred if the state of all the minds were given.
this, however, is not the point which i wish to elicit.
what i wish to urge is that, even if we admit the most extreme claims of determinism and of correlation of mind and brain, still the consequences inimical to what is worth preserving in free will do not follow.
this assimilation, as soon as the true nature of scientific causal laws is realised, is seen to be a sheer mistake.
but this brings us to the second of the two questions which we raised in regard to free will, namely, whether, assuming determinism, our actions can be in any proper sense regarded as compelled by outside forces.
this sense of freedom, however, is only a sense that we can choose which we please of a number of alternatives: it does not show us that there is no causal connection between what we please to choose and our previous history.
the supposed inconsistency of these two springs from the habit of conceiving causes as analogous to volitions--a habit which often survives unconsciously in those who intend to conceive causes in a more scientific manner.
if a cause is analogous to a volition, outside causes will be analogous to an alien will, and acts predictable from outside causes will be subject to compulsion.
but this view of cause is one to which science lends no countenance.
there is a mutual relation, so that either can be inferred from the other.
the apparent indeterminateness of the future, upon which some advocates of free will rely, is merely a result of our ignorance.
it is plain that no desirable kind of free will can be dependent simply upon our ignorance; for if that were the case, animals would be more free than men, and savages than civilised people.
free will in any valuable sense must be compatible with the fullest knowledge.
now, quite apart from any assumption as to causality, it is obvious that complete knowledge would embrace the future as well as the past.
our knowledge of the past is not wholly based upon causal inferences, but is partly derived from memory.
it is a mere accident that we have no memory of the future.
we might--as in the pretended visions of seers--see future events immediately, in the way in which we see past events.
they certainly will be what they will be, and are in this sense just as determined as the past.
if we saw future events in the same immediate way in which we see past events, what kind of free will would still be possible?
such a kind would be wholly independent of determinism: it could not be contrary to even the most entirely universal reign of causality.
and such a kind must contain whatever is worth having in free will, since it is impossible to believe that mere ignorance can be the essential condition of any good thing.
let us therefore imagine a set of beings who know the whole future with absolute certainty, and let us ask ourselves whether they could have anything that we should call free will.
such beings as we are imagining would not have to wait for the event in order to know what decision they were going to adopt on some future occasion.
they would know now what their volitions were going to be.
but would they have any reason to regret this knowledge?
surely not, unless the foreseen volitions were in themselves regrettable.
and it is less likely that the foreseen volitions would be regrettable if the steps which would lead to them were also foreseen.
it is difficult not to suppose that what is foreseen is fated, and must happen however much it may be dreaded.
but human actions are the outcome of desire, and no foreseeing can be true unless it takes account of desire.
a foreseen volition will have to be one which does not become odious through being foreseen.
the beings we are imagining would easily come to know the causal connections of volitions, and therefore their volitions would be better calculated to satisfy their desires than ours are.
since volitions are the outcome of desires, a prevision of volitions contrary to desires could not be a true one.
it must be remembered that the supposed prevision would not create the future any more than memory creates the past.
we do not think we were necessarily not free in the past, merely because we can now remember our past volitions.
similarly, we might be free in the future, even if we could now see what our future volitions were going to be.
freedom, in short, in any valuable sense, demands only that our volitions shall be, as they are, the result of our own desires, not of an outside force compelling us to will what we would rather not will.
free will, therefore, is true in the only form which is important; and the desire for other forms is a mere effect of insufficient analysis.
* * * * * what has been said on philosophical method in the foregoing lectures has been rather by means of illustrations in particular cases than by means of general precepts.
nothing of any value can be said on method except through examples; but now, at the end of our course, we may collect certain general maxims which may possibly be a help in acquiring a philosophical habit of mind and a guide in looking for solutions of philosophic problems.
and a hasty generalisation, such as spencer's generalisation of evolution, is none the less hasty because what is generalised is the latest scientific theory.
philosophy is a study apart from the other sciences: its results cannot be established by the other sciences, and conversely must not be such as some other science might conceivably contradict.
prophecies as to the future of the universe, for example, are not the business of philosophy; whether the universe is progressive, retrograde, or stationary, it is not for the philosopher to say.
in order to become a scientific philosopher, a certain peculiar mental discipline is required.
there must be present, first of all, the desire to know philosophical truth, and this desire must be sufficiently strong to survive through years when there seems no hope of its finding any satisfaction.
the desire to know philosophical truth is very rare--in its purity, it is not often found even among philosophers.
some plausible opinion presents itself, and by turning our attention away from the objections to it, or merely by not making great efforts to find objections to it, we may obtain the comfort of believing it, although, if we had resisted the wish for comfort, we should have come to see that the opinion was false.
again the desire for unadulterated truth is often obscured, in professional philosophers, by love of system: the one little fact which will not come inside the philosopher's edifice has to be pushed and tortured until it seems to consent.
yet the one little fact is more likely to be important for the future than the system with which it is inconsistent.
pythagoras invented a system which fitted admirably with all the facts he knew, except the incommensurability of the diagonal of a square and the side; this one little fact stood out, and remained a fact even after hippasos of metapontion was drowned for revealing it.
to us, the discovery of this fact is the chief claim of pythagoras to immortality, while his system has become a matter of merely historical curiosity.
the desire to establish this or that result, or generally to discover evidence for agreeable results, of whatever kind, has of course been the chief obstacle to honest philosophising.
so strangely perverted do men become by unrecognised passions, that a determination in advance to arrive at this or that conclusion is generally regarded as a mark of virtue, and those whose studies lead to an opposite conclusion are thought to be wicked.
no doubt it is commoner to wish to arrive at an agreeable result than to wish to arrive at a true result.
but even when the desire to know exists in the requisite strength, the mental vision by which abstract truth is recognised is hard to distinguish from vivid imaginability and consonance with mental habits.
it is necessary to practise methodological doubt, like descartes, in order to loosen the hold of mental habits; and it is necessary to cultivate logical imagination, in order to have a number of hypotheses at command, and not to be the slave of the one which common sense has rendered easy to imagine.
these two processes, of doubting the familiar and imagining the unfamiliar, are correlative, and form the chief part of the mental training required for a philosopher.
the nave beliefs which we find in ourselves when we first begin the process of philosophic reflection may turn out, in the end, to be almost all capable of a true interpretation; but they ought all, before being admitted into philosophy, to undergo the ordeal of sceptical criticism.
until they have gone through this ordeal, they are mere blind habits, ways of behaving rather than intellectual convictions.
and although it may be that a majority will pass the test, we may be pretty sure that some will not, and that a serious readjustment of our outlook ought to result.
in order to break the dominion of habit, we must do our best to doubt the senses, reason, morals, everything in short.
in some directions, doubt will be found possible; in others, it will be checked by that direct vision of abstract truth upon which the possibility of philosophical knowledge depends.
at the same time, and as an essential aid to the direct perception of the truth, it is necessary to acquire fertility in imagining abstract hypotheses.
this is, i think, what has most of all been lacking hitherto in philosophy.
so meagre was the logical apparatus that all the hypotheses philosophers could imagine were found to be inconsistent with the facts.
too often this state of things led to the adoption of heroic measures, such as a wholesale denial of the facts, when an imagination better stocked with logical tools would have found a key to unlock the mystery.
it is in this way that the study of logic becomes the central study in philosophy: it gives the method of research in philosophy, just as mathematics gives the method in physics.
and as physics, which, from plato to the renaissance, was as unprogressive, dim, and superstitious as philosophy, became a science through galileo's fresh observation of facts and subsequent mathematical manipulation, so philosophy, in our own day, is becoming scientific through the simultaneous acquisition of new facts and logical methods.
in spite, however, of the new possibility of progress in philosophy, the first effect, as in the case of physics, is to diminish very greatly the extent of what is thought to be known.
before galileo, people believed themselves possessed of immense knowledge on all the most interesting questions in physics.
he established certain facts as to the way in which bodies fall, not very interesting on their own account, but of quite immeasurable interest as examples of real knowledge and of a new method whose future fruitfulness he himself divined.
but his few facts sufficed to destroy the whole vast system of supposed knowledge handed down from aristotle, as even the palest morning sun suffices to extinguish the stars.
so in philosophy: though some have believed one system, and others another, almost all have been of opinion that a great deal was known; but all this supposed knowledge in the traditional systems must be swept away, and a new beginning must be made, which we shall esteem fortunate indeed if it can attain results comparable to galileo's law of falling bodies.
philosophy has suffered from the lack of this kind of modesty.
it has made the mistake of attacking the interesting problems at once, instead of proceeding patiently and slowly, accumulating whatever solid knowledge was obtainable, and trusting the great problems to the future.
so in philosophy, it is often desirable to expend time and care on matters which, judged alone, might seem frivolous, for it is often only through the consideration of such matters that the greater problems can be approached.
when our problem has been selected, and the necessary mental discipline has been acquired, the method to be pursued is fairly uniform.
the big problems which provoke philosophical inquiry are found, on examination, to be complex, and to depend upon a number of component problems, usually more abstract than those of which they are the components.
it will generally be found that all our initial data, all the facts that we seem to know to begin with, suffer from vagueness, confusion, and complexity.
current philosophical ideas share these defects; it is therefore necessary to create an apparatus of precise conceptions as general and as free from complexity as possible, before the data can be analysed into the kind of premisses which philosophy aims at discovering.
in this process of analysis, the source of difficulty is tracked further and further back, growing at each stage more abstract, more refined, more difficult to apprehend.
usually it will be found that a number of these extraordinarily abstract questions underlie any one of the big obvious problems.
when everything has been done that can be done by method, a stage is reached where only direct philosophic vision can carry matters further.
what is wanted, as a rule, is some new effort of logical imagination, some glimpse of a possibility never conceived before, and then the direct perception that this possibility is realised in the case in question.
failure to think of the right possibility leaves insoluble difficulties, balanced arguments pro and con, utter bewilderment and despair.
but the right possibility, as a rule, when once conceived, justifies itself swiftly by its astonishing power of absorbing apparently conflicting facts.
from this point onward, the work of the philosopher is synthetic and comparatively easy; it is in the very last stage of the analysis that the real difficulty consists.
of the prospect of progress in philosophy, it would be rash to speak with confidence.
many of the traditional problems of philosophy, perhaps most of those which have interested a wider circle than that of technical students, do not appear to be soluble by scientific methods.
just as astronomy lost much of its human interest when it ceased to be astrology, so philosophy must lose in attractiveness as it grows less prodigal of promises.
but to the large and still growing body of men engaged in the pursuit of science--men who hitherto, not without justification, have turned aside from philosophy with a certain contempt--the new method, successful already in such time-honoured problems as number, infinity, continuity, space and time, should make an appeal which the older methods have wholly failed to make.
physics, with its principle of relativity and its revolutionary investigations into the nature of matter, is feeling the need for that kind of novelty in fundamental hypotheses which scientific philosophy aims at facilitating.
the one and only condition, i believe, which is necessary in order to secure for philosophy in the near future an achievement surpassing all that has hitherto been accomplished by philosophers, is the creation of a school of men with scientific training and philosophical interests, unhampered by the traditions of the past, and not misled by the literary methods of those who copy the ancients in all except their merits.
[ transcriber's note: the following is a list of corrections made to the original.
the first line is the original line, the second the corrected one.
second impression second impression.
the first the next are liable to fail when we come to infinite numbers.
the first of psychology or an outcome of pscyhical processes as the north sea.... of psychology or an outcome of psychical processes as the north sea.... according to the length and direction of the interval.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
interest is not something laid on, but is a development from the nature of the facts themselves.
remember that interest depends on relation to human beings; the closer the relation, the greater the interest.
he would have been delighted to assist his new acquaintance with suggestions for his future guidance in his profession, and to point out to him how he might have avoided the mistake which had on this occasion led to his being caught in the act.
in all this he would not by any means have lost sight of his property; on the contrary, the whole force of his intellect would have been surreptitiously occupied with the problem of recovering it with the least amount of inconvenience to his friend and himself.
he would have maneuvered to bring off a deal.
to make clear, to explain,--that is the task of exposition.
such writing does not have the excitement of the fighting-ring, which we find in argument, nor does it attain the lyric quality of impassioned description, or the keen wild flight of narrative.
it keeps its feet on the earth, tells the truth--but tells it in such a way, with so much of reaction on the writer's part, and with so strong an appeal to the reader's curiosity or imagination or sympathy, that it is interesting, that it is always adequate, and may be powerful.
the successful author will always regard his writing as a problem of manipulation of material wisely chosen to accomplish an objective against the enemy.
he is armed with two terrible weapons, lack of interest and lack of comprehension.
sometimes one weapon is stronger than the other, but a wise author always has an eye for both.
the strategic problem is, then, so to choose material, and so to order and express it, that the reader will be forced to become interested, to comprehend, to arrive, in other words, at the point in his feeling and thinking to which the author wishes to lead him.
the author's objective is always an effect in the reader's mind.
in so far as the author creates this effect he is successful.
and the time to consider the effect, to make sure of its accomplishment, is before the pen touches the paper.
but when, toward the end of the second section, he saw from his place on the stage that the audience was not so enthusiastic as he had expected it to be at that point, he changed his plan, with practical shrewdness rushed to the front and shifted the famous chorus from the end of the third section to the end of the second, and had the satisfaction of seeing the audience so moved that first the king rose, and then, of course, the audience with him.
the chorus has stood at the end of the second part to this day; that is the place for it--it brings about the effect that handel desired much better there than if it were saved for the end of the oratorio.
the oratorio is, in other words, a greater work than it would have been had not the author kept a keen eye for the audience, for the effect, and a willingness to change his plans whenever the gaining of the effect required a change.
just so the writer should constantly scan the horizon of the reader's mind for signs of interest and for shafts of intelligence.
the effect that the writer desires in the reader's mind may be of different natures.
in baedeker's guide-book the aim is largely to satisfy the understanding, to meet the reader's desire for compact information.
in some of poe's tales the effect is of horror.
patrick henry aimed primarily to rouse to vigorous action.
shakespeare wished to shed light upon the great truths of existence, to satisfy the reader's groping curiosity, and also to thrill the reader with pity and terror or with high good humor or the unrestrained laughter of roaring delight.
in so far as the author accomplishes his purpose, in just so far he is successful.
if cicero was correct in his estimate, demosthenes was the greater orator--of that there can be no doubt--for he gained his effect.
president wilson's great war messages had as one of their objects, certainly, the rousing in american hearts of a high thrill to the lofty object for which they fought, the overcoming of might with right.
the remarkable success of the messages attests the author's power.
this is as true in writings that aim at light, frivolous effects as in those that stir the deeper emotions, in writing that aims at the understanding almost alone as in that which strives not only to make clear but to infuse with deathless appeal to the heart.
a treatise on the fourth dimension must bear, in every stroke, toward the complete satisfaction of the reader's intellectual curiosity; a comedy must lay down each word in the intention of liberating the silver laughter of humor; a tragedy must leave us in every implication serious, even in its introduction of comical material to heighten the tragic nature of the whole.
to make every word bear in the one general direction--that is the writer's task.
in no other way can he move the reader's mind and heart as he wishes to.
an author finds, however, that to gain the desired effect requires skillful manipulation on his part.
he confronts a mass of refractory material, often full of contradictions, in which any potential effect seems almost as difficult to discover as the proverbial needle in the well-known haystack.
for example, when a historian sits down, one hundred years hence, to the task of explaining the great war, he will be confronted with an amazing welter of endless facts, tendencies, personal, national, and racial ambitions, enmities, competitions in trade, language, customs, indiscretions of diplomats, inscrutable moves of controlling powers, checks and counter checks, assertion and denial, accusation and assurance of innocence, bribery and plots and spy systems, amateur comment in newspaper and magazine, defenses by people who have retained their poise and other defenses by those whose faculties have been unseated by the awful strain of war--and everywhere he will find the endless array of events and detailed facts of organization of civil and military life to mold somehow into a consistent, intelligible whole.
well may he say that the task is too great for mortal man.
yet somehow the history is to be written, somehow the effect that he wishes is to be gained.
obviously the great prime task is to unify, to bring order out of chaos, to create from formless material a real edifice of thought.
exactly the same task awaits the writer of any kind of literature; in a short theme no less, the first great duty is to find some principle whereby the author can exclude the useless and include what is of value.
at first thought this question may seem the most obvious, the most elementary, and the least helpful query possible.
but upon its being successfully met depends the whole success of the writing, whether of choosing or ordering or proportioning the material, or of expressing the selected ideas.
for, since the chief task before the writer is to make his thoughts and his expression drive in one direction, so that the whole composition is simplified in the reader's mind, is unified and given an organic existence, even the choice of words, upon which depends so much of the tone of the composition, is largely settled by the answer to this question of what the author hopes to accomplish.
until i have some touchstone, some applicable standard, i cannot tell whether material is valuable or not.
it is as if one were brought into the presence of multifarious building material,--wood both hard and soft, cement and the other ingredients of concrete, bricks, stucco, and steel beams, and terra cotta tiles,--and then were requested to build a house, using whatever of the material might be of value, and removing the rest.
he can do nothing reasonable until he has been informed as to the kind of house desired, until he is given a principle of selection.
then, if he has been bidden to make a brick house, he at once knows what his object is, and can then reject whatever does not help him, in the accomplishment.
in the same way, if i am asked to write five thousand words about horticulture, i am at a loss to choose from the history of the science, or the present status, or the still unsolved problems, or the relative advancement in different countries, or the possibility of the pursuit of horticulture as a profession, or the poetic, the imaginative stimulus of working among apple blossoms, or the value to health of working in the open air.
i must, then, choose at once some guiding principle of selection that will make clear whether, for instance, the poetic appeal of the science has anything to do with my object.
only thus can i escape making a mere enumeration about as sensible as to add potatoes and church steeples and treasurers' reports and feather boas and card parties and library paste in the hope of making an integral whole.
it is the intelligent determination on the writer's part to make the material of his writing march straight toward a definite goal which he wishes the reader to perceive.
though he had thundered for hours his words would likely have been ineffective.
only an intense realization of the purpose in one's mind, and a consistent bending of one's efforts to gain this end, bring simplicity, weightiness, and the powerful effect in the reader's mind.
from the reader's point of view, in fact, we might say that the controlling purpose is the means of making writing interesting, since nothing so holds a reader's mind as to feel that he is getting somewhere, that he is accomplishing something by his efforts.
in no other way can he be made so clearly to see his progress, for only thus can he be prevented from undirected wandering.
just how these three operate to determine the cast of the writing we shall now attempt to discover.
the first thing for the writer to do is to look at the subject itself and learn what it is, really understand it.
he must know its exact nature before he can be allowed to proceed with the development.
now this often requires much honesty, for it is necessary to put aside prejudice and bias of all kinds and to look at the subject just as it is, with a passionate desire to learn its exact nature.
for example, if you are to write about the value of a college education, and you are an idealist, you may be tempted to overlook the fact that such a training does actually help a man to earn more money than he otherwise would.
you may think that such a consideration is beneath your dignity.
but you must put aside your prejudice for the time being and must look the fact honestly in the face.
and, if you are a hard-headed, practical person, you must nevertheless admit that a college education is broadening, chastening, in its influence.
in either case you will not stop until you have looked at all possible sides of the subject.
you will amass such facts, then, as that a college education is broadening, that it increases earning capacity, that it puts a person in touch with the world, that it makes him more able to be a useful citizen.
other facts also will occur to you, but let us suppose that these are the most important.
if you carefully examine them you will perhaps come to the conclusion that a college education is valuable in that it helps a person to realize his best possibilities in every way, as a citizen, a friend, a personality.
or, if you are to write about the aeroplane, you will discover that it is heavier than air, that it is propelled by motor-power, that it attains certain speeds, that it has definite lifting power, that it is self-stabilizing to a remarkable degree, that it is made of certain kinds of material, of certain weight, and that it has one, or two, or even three planes.
in addition you will note the qualities of efficiency, of triumphing over winds, of beautiful poise, and smoothness of execution.
in both these cases you have been seeking the core of your subject, the real meaning of it, its essence.
in each case we have tagged the person or thing with what we think it is at its heart, with its total significance.
and not until we have done this are we at all ready to begin writing.
the third influence, that of the reader, appears also, for when you consider that the article was written for englishmen to read, you see the molding for the national temper, different of necessity from that which would have been made for frenchmen, for example.
the author relies upon a knowledge of morley among his readers, and upon a certain definite attitude among them toward the truth.
you will catch that thrilling note in the oratory of lord morley at all times, for he touches politics with a certain spiritual emotion that makes it less a business or a game than a religion.
he lifts it out of the street on to the high lands where the view is wide and the air pure and where the voices heard are the voices that do not bewilder or betray.
he is the conscience of the political world--the barometer of our corporate soul.
he has often been on the losing side: sometimes perhaps on the wrong side: never on the side of wrong.
he is true as a dial to the sun, although it be not shined upon.
there is about him a sense of the splendid austerity of truth--cold but exhilarating.
it is not merely that he does not lie.
there are some other politicians of whom that may be said.
it is that he does not trifle with truth.
this inflexible veracity is the rarest and the most precious virtue in politics.
it is lord morley's contribution to the common stock.
truth and justice--these are the fixed stars by which he steers his barque, and even the prayer book places religion and piety after them, for indeed they are the true foundation of religion and piety.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
of course there are subjects in which this question is of slight importance: in writing a treatise on mathematics, for instance, one might be quite indifferent to any personal reaction, though in even such a piece of writing there might appear a thrill at the neat marshaling of forces for the inevitable waiting answer to the problem.
in general, however, this question is of great importance.
stevenson goes so far as even to say that the author's attitude is more important than the facts themselves.
certainly a writer cannot tell what is the truth for himself unless he expresses his ideas in the light of his own personality.
suppose that in the case of the aeroplane, though you believe the central fact as we expressed it above, you are primarily appealed to by the fact that the motor is of the utmost importance, and that at present it is not so highly developed as it should be for perfect flying.
you are, in other words, impressed with the problem that confronts engineers of making the motor more efficient.
the relative importance of this second consideration depends on whether the subject is much or little affected by personal interpretation.
in the personal essay, as written by lamb, for example, we may care more for the man than for the facts, or more for the facts as seen by the man than for the mere facts alone.
in questions of society, of morality, of taste, in which the answer is not absolute in any case, in all matters that affect the well-being of humanity and in which there is a shifting standard, the attitude of the writer is important.
the writer who wishes to have a voice of authority must cling to the fact as to a priceless jewel, but he must also remember that if, for example, he is writing on feminism, or socialism, or church attendance, or the short ballot, or the new poetry, or the value of social clubs in the country, or any such subject, we, the readers, eagerly wait on his words as being primarily an expression of his personal reaction to the matter.
and the final value of the treatment will depend on whether the personality is well-poised, largely sympathetic, able to take an elastic view of the subject and to bring it home to the reader as a piece of warmly felt and honestly stated conviction.
in exposition, as well as in argument, we must ask the witness,--that is, the writer,--whether he is prejudiced or not.
especially must we do this when we happen to be the author ourselves.
violent condemnation of capital by a man who has become embittered by mistreatment at the hands of employers must be taken with somewhat of caution, just as sweeping arraignment of socialism by an arrogant capitalist must be eyed askance.
it might not be amiss to remark here that the writer in a college class who declares that he has no reaction to his subject, that he is quite indifferent to it, should do one of two things, either choose a new subject, or drop from college and go to work at some vitalizing effort with other people which will bring home realities to him in such a way that he cannot fail to react.
in the following brief incident it is interesting to note how the author shows his own personality.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
at an inn in the north i once heard three men talking at their breakfast on the question of diet.
they agreed that most people ate too much meat, and one of them went so far as to declare that, for his part, he rather preferred vegetables and fruit.
this announcement was received in silence; evidently the two listeners didn't quite know what to think of it.
this honest briton had gone too far in frankness.
't is all very well to like vegetables and fruit up to a certain point; but to breakfast on apples!
i laughed at the fellow, but i thoroughly understood him; so would every englishman; for at the root of our being is a hatred of parsimony.
this manifests itself in all manner of ludicrous or contemptible forms, but no less is it the source of our finest qualities.
an englishman desires, above all, to live largely; on that account he not only dreads but hates and despises poverty.
his virtues are those of the free-handed and warm-hearted opulent man; his weaknesses come of the sense of inferiority (intensely painful and humiliating) which attaches in his mind to one who cannot spend and give; his vices, for the most part, originate in loss of self-respect due to loss of secure position.
can be summarily answered with the statement that it makes a great deal of difference.
as soon as you note what a large part temperament plays in the forming of opinions in politics and religion and social questions, and remember that no two people ever react to any truth in exactly the same way--that what seems to one sensible person monstrous will appear to another equally sensible person as highly virtuous--you will see that in all writing, where either the understanding or the emotions are involved, this question assumes importance.
the editors, in other words, are remembering who their readers are and are trying to meet them with gifts, not with weapons of offense.
after all, the reader is always the destination of all writing; the place where the effect will be made is the reader's mind.
to apply this third consideration to our two subjects, the value of a college education and the aeroplane, let us see how the treatment should differ according to the differing readers.
in the treatment of the aeroplane, if we are presenting our words to engineers, we shall probably analyze the present lack of proper engine power and try to suggest means of correction.
and we shall make our presentation in language that has not been stripped of its technicalities but has been allowed to stand in engineering terms.
now if we scan these two statements carefully, i believe that we shall be persuaded of their inadequacy.
to explain to the benevolent women who are interested in saving lives the fact that we do not yet fully understand the aeroplane, is like attempting to persuade a man from the path of an oncoming thunderous locomotive by telling him of the lack of laws to regulate public safety.
in other words, we have forgotten that a wedge makes the easiest entrance, and we have attacked on far too broad a front, have failed to whittle away the chips that are of no value to the reader.
perhaps we need a complete restatement of the controlling purpose, occasioned by the nature of the reader.
we may say that the value of a college education is in enabling a student to be of service to the state by applying the wisdom of the past, or that the aeroplane, partly through our ignorance of it, is causing terrible accidents.
these purposes are far different from those with which we started out.
all are perfectly true; these are better adapted to our particular readers, are more useful in helping to accomplish our selected aim.
the gist of the matter is this: wisdom in writing demands that we discover the special loophole through which our readers regard the subject and then bring our material within the view from that loophole, bearing in mind always the training and the prejudices of the reader, and conforming material to suit the special needs.
one large reason why college themes are liable to dullness is the fact that few students write for any one in particular.
they merely put down colorless facts which do not stir a reader in the slightest.
they forget that facts exist, really, only as they relate to people, individual people, and that they must be clothed attractively, as is virtue for a child's consumption, or the reader will have none of them.
even the patient writer of themes should regard a specially chosen reader as at the same time his best friend and his potentially worst enemy: friend in the sense of recipient of literary gifts, and enemy in the sense of possible foiler of all the author's good intentions.
as enemy the reader must be conquered, must be made to read and understand; as friend he is to be sympathetically met and smiled upon.
and if there be no reader determined by the circumstances, the writer should choose some well-known friend and adapt his material to that friend, or should select any ordinarily intelligent being and use the widest appeal that he can.
in an article for the encyclopdia the writer's reaction should be subordinated, since the reader comes to the encyclopdia for facts and not for opinion.
likewise the reader, in such an article, will be of minor importance, for the article is addressed to general ordinary intelligence that desires a straightforward statement.
but as we have seen, an article on feminism must with the greatest care watch the reader and the writer--the reader because the subject rouses both assent and opposition; the writer because the subject is of the kind that depend largely on opinion.
so a theme on the problem of the hired man, or tennyson's attitude toward science, or the reasons for attending one university rather than another, or the value of mechanical stokers, or the application of mendel's law to human beings will vary its purpose according to the varying importance of the three sources.
only one great caution needs to be made.
never falsify or mistreat the facts: they are the supreme thing.
it is for this fault that the newspapers are most blameable: they consider their readers and their own points of view, but all too often they treat the facts cavalierly.
a high reverence for the truth, and an unflinching determination to tell it are prime essentials.
but writing consists of vastly more than that alone.
after the understanding, sometimes before, must be considered the emotions.
we have the facts, we know what we think of them, and we are reasonably sure of the reader's attitude.
now we must discover how to set the reader's emotions afire in so far as we desire such an effect.
so in the account of a tremendous battle, of a fire, of anything that touches human life at all nearly and with power, our emotions are called into play.
now different pieces of writing, just like different subjects, call for different degrees of emotional reaction.
drama always rouses us, lyric poems depend upon their emotional quality, the informal essay has much emotional appeal, fiction of any sort stirs our feelings, and the more powerful the writing is, the more sure the appeal.
at first thought most expository writing might be considered to make slight appeal, if any, to emotions.
that is not necessarily true; the more effective the exposition, the more real is usually the call to feeling.
often this call is subtle, usually it is subordinate to the appeal to the understanding, but in most effective expository writing it will be found.
in an explanation of the panama canal certainly there would be roused the reader's admiration and wonder at the magnitude of the operation.
the mere analysis of the facts in a criminal trial often settles the case, so great is the emotional appeal.
in didactic writing the call to emotion is less strong, though such a writer as jonathan edwards could explain the writhing of man like a spider before the almighty in a profoundly moving way.
in axiomatic mathematical propositions we find perhaps the least strong appeal: that the sum of the angles of a triangle is equal to two right angles might seem to be divorced from all excitement.
but in most exposition when emotional appeal is overlooked the writing suffers.
in an account of the american civil war, for example, the writer might set out to show that the conflict was the culmination of the struggle between yeoman and cavalier begun long since in england.
the author will then see the emotional significance of the fight and will add to his purpose the intention to thrill the reader at the magnificent exhibition, on both sides, of devotion to an idea.
but these words are not the whole of his purpose; he intends, besides the intellectual grasping of the queen's character, an intense admiration and wonder at the resourcefulness, the shrewd judgment, and a reaction of amusement to the strange outbreaks of unwomanly freaks or of feminine wiles.
the controlling purpose, then, is almost always of a dual nature; it aims at both the understanding and the emotions.
whenever there is any real possibility of making it thus double the writer should so express it to himself.
in the following magazine article such a double purpose obviously exists.
first of all there are the facts of the marching of american troops through london.
baldly stated, the significance of the fact is that the new world is coming to the help of the old world against the monster of unrestrained militarism.
to a person who regards life coldly, as the mere interplay of calculable forces, one whose emotions are not concerned, this would be a sufficient statement of the whole truth, of the total significance.
but such writing would miss the chance of power, would be forever less valuable than it ought to be, for a great warming of the heart answers those footfalls in london streets.
in other words, just as we have seen that there are two kinds of exposition--mere noting of facts and interpreting of facts--so we now see that interpretation can be either lifeless, or moving, charged with power.
it is the old difference between the drama and a sermon: the play thrills and the sermon convinces.
either may add the other quality--a fine drama or a well-made sermon does.
in this account of american soldiers in london the truth is made clear, but far more than that it is made alive, pulsating with emotion of national pride, of racial solidarity, of high moral purpose.
in so far as the writer succeeds in stirring us, in just so far he is more likely to make the truth take hold upon us and bind us firmly in its grasp.
it is the writing that both convinces and moves us that is lasting, that is really powerful.
by courtesy of the publisher, the century company, new york city.
it was a good day for london, intermittently bright, with great scurrying masses of cumuli overhead, and a characteristic threat of rain, which fortunately held off.
cockspur street, as you know, is a turning off trafalgar square, and i chose it because the crowd was less dense there than in the square itself.
by getting behind a group of shortish people and by standing on tiptoe i caught a fleeting view of the faces of nearly every one of the passing soldiers.
london is schooled to shows of this kind.
the people gather and wait patiently on the line of route.
and then some genial policemen appear and mother the people back into some sort of line, an action performed with little fuss or trouble.
then mounted police appear, headed by some fat official in a cockade hat and with many ribbons on his chest.
then follows the inevitable band, and we begin to cheer.
it is very easy and natural for a london crowd to cheer.
i have seen royal funerals and weddings, processions in honor of visiting presidents and kings, the return of victorious generals, processions of canadian, australian, indian, french and italian troops and bands.
i wouldn't miss these things for worlds.
they give color to our social life and accent to our everyday emotions.
it is, moreover, peculiarly interesting to observe national traits on a march: the french, with their exuberant lan, throwing kisses to the women as they pass; our own tommies, who have surprised the world with their gayety, and keep up a constant ragging intercourse with the crowd and cannot cease from singing; the indians, who pass like a splendidly carved frieze; the canadians, who move with a free and independent swing and grin in a friendly way; the scotch, who carry it off better than any one.
but i had never seen american troops, and i was anxious to see how they behaved.
i had met americans who within an hour's acquaintance had told me their life-story, given me their views on religion, politics, and art, and invited me to go out to iowa or wisconsin or california, and spend the summer with them.
moreover, the american is above all things emotional and--may i say it?--sentimental.
it would therefore be extremely interesting to see how he came through this ordeal.
the first band passed, and the people were waving flags and handkerchiefs from the windows.
we could hear the cheers go up from the great throng in the square.
and there at last, sure enough, was old glory, with its silken tassels floating in the london breeze, carried by a solemn giant, with another on either side.
and then they came, marching in fours, with their rifles at the slope, the vanguard of uncle sam's army.
and we in cockspur street raised a mighty cheer.
they were solemn, bronzed men, loose of limb, hard, and strong, with a curious set expression of purpose about them.
we strained forward to see their faces, and we cried out to them our welcome.
some of the officers were rather elderly and wore horn spectacles.
but they did not look at us or raise a smile of response.
they held themselves very erect, but their eyes were cast down or fixed upon the back of the man in front of them.
there came an interval, and another band, and then old glory once more, and we cheered the flag even more than the men.
fully a thousand men passed in this solemn procession, not one of them smiling or looking up.
we strained forward more eagerly to see the faces of our friends from the new world.
we loved it best when the sound of the band had died away and the only music was the steady throb of those friendly boots upon our london streets.
i had a brief moment of some vague apprehension, as though something could not be quite right.
some such wave, i think, was passing through the crowd.
among those people, racked by three years of strain and suffering, there probably was not one who had not lost some one dear to them.
even the best nerves have their limit of endurance.
and then we cheered again in a different key, and i noticed a boy in the ranks throw back his head and look up.
on his face was the expression we see only on the faces of those who know the finer sensibilities--a fierce, exultant joy that is very near akin to tears.
and gradually i became aware that on the faces of these grim men was written an emotion almost too deep for expression.
as they passed it was easy to detect their ethnological heritage.
it was as though upon the anvil of the new world all the troubles of the old, after being passed through a white-hot furnace, had been forged into something clear and splendid.
and they were hurrying on to get this accomplished.
for once and all the matter must be settled.
a diminutive officer with a pointed beard was walking alone.
a woman in the crowd leaned forward and waved an american flag in his face.
he saluted, made some kindly remark, and then passed on.
and i thought inevitably of the story of the titan myth, of prometheus, the first real democrat, who held out against the gods because they despised humanity.
and they nailed him to a rock, and cut off his eyelids, and a vulture fed upon his entrails.
it is the finest epic in human life, and all the great teachers and reformers who came after told the same story--christ, vishnu, confucius, mohammed, luther, shakespeare.
the fundamental basis of their teaching was love and faith in humanity.
and whenever humanity is threatened, the fires which prometheus stole from the gods will burn more brightly in the heart of man, and they will come from all quarters of the world.
he is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored; he hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible, swift sword.
there is no quarter, no mercy, to the enemies of humanity.
there is no longer a war; it is a crusade.
and as i stood on the flags of cockspur street, i think i understood the silence of those grim men.
they seemed to epitomize not merely a nation, not merely a flag, but the unbreakable sanctity of human rights and human life.
and we know how you can do things, america.
we have seen your workshops, your factories, and your engines of peace.
and we have seen those young men of yours at the olympic games, with their loose, supple limbs, their square, strong faces.
when the spartans, lightly clad, but girt for war, ran across the hills to athens and, finding the persian hosts defeated, laughed, and congratulated the athenians, and ran back again--since those days there never were such runners, such athletes, as these boys of yours from yale and harvard, princeton and cornell.
and so on that day, if we cheered the flag more than we cheered the men, it was because the flag was the symbol of the men's hearts, which were too charged with the fires of prometheus to trust themselves expression.
proper use of the controlling purpose despite whatever of good has been said here about the controlling purpose, there may lurk the suspicion that it is, after all, dangerous, that perhaps it gives to a piece of writing a tendency toward bias, partial interpretation, even unfairness, and that it makes toward incompleteness.
in the second place we have to remind ourselves that seldom does a writer try to say all that can be said about his subject.
much is always either implied or left to another piece of writing.
from one point of view the tramp of american feet in london streets signified that the united states had emerged from its traditional aloofness and had joined the main current of the world; from another, that a tremendous military preparation was going on in america, the first fruits of which were those solemn ringing steps; from another, that however europe had professed to despise american power, she was now willing, eager, to accept american aid; from another, that the old enmity between england and america has been forgotten in the common bond of like ideals and racial traditions.
each of these possible meanings--and there are more not listed here--is implied in the treatment actually given to the subject.
instead, we have flowering before us the idea that the world is to be made safe for democracy.
no one would presume to declare that the total possibilities of the subject are here met and explained; yet no one can rightly say that the chosen treatment is unfair.
considering the facts, the author, and the people who would read the article, and their emotional connection with the facts, we see that the author chose the purpose that seemed most useful--to make american hearts warm to the fact that their country was helping to make the world safer for all men everywhere.
in other words, facts are useful only in so far as they accomplish some definite end, which, in writing, is to make the reader see the truth as the author thinks that he should try to make the reader see it.
now, of course, if the writer makes an unfair analysis, if he blindly or willfully falsifies in seeing or expressing his subject, his writing is not only useless but actually vicious.
every subject has its center of truth, which can be discovered by patient clear thinking; if the thinking be either unclear or impatient, the interpretation will be false.
there is no more challenging quest than the search for the real truth at the core of a chosen subject.
perhaps the very difficulty of attaining success is what has stayed many minds in floundering, timid, fogginess.
as to the charge that infusion of emotional quality into the writing produces bias, first of all it must be said that if the subject contains no emotion, none should be attempted in the writing.
in a report, for example, of the relative value of different woods for shingles, an author will hardly try to infuse emotion, for the reader wishes to learn, quickly and easily, just what kind of wood is the best.
but most subjects are not thus aloof; even the report about shingles becomes of vast significance to the owner of extensive timber lands which are suddenly found to be of high value.
all subjects which concern the prosperity and happiness of humanity are charged with emotion; the nearer to the great facts of life, such as birth, marriage, death, food, shelter, love, hatred, the keener the emotion.
who shall write of problems of heredity and leave us unstirred?
who shall treat of our vast irrigation projects, which turn the deserts into fair gardens and give food to millions of people, without firing the imagination?
the writer's task is to look so clearly at his subject that he discovers its true value to both brain and heart.
now, this emotional quality, when it is uncontrolled, is dangerous.
words that show tendency must be guided with the firm hand lest they lead the reader into wrong impressions and into the confusion that comes from counter emotions, the strong impression of disunion.
it is only by relating these cross-tendencies to a guiding idea that they can be made to serve the author's purpose.
to choose wisely a controlling purpose that recognizes and handles the inherent emotions of words is merely to organize inescapable material.
such a paragraph might easily be made to confuse a reader hopelessly, but emerson drives the chargers of his thought straight to his goal, intellectual and emotional, and holds tight his reins: nature is no sentimentalist,--does not cosset or pamper us.
we must see that the world is rough and surly, and will not mind drowning a man or a woman, but swallows your ship like a grain of dust.
the cold, inconsiderate of persons, tingles your blood, benumbs your feet, freezes a man like an apple.
the diseases, the elements, fortune, gravity, lightning, respect no persons.
the way of providence is a little rude.
the habit of snake and spider, the snap of the tiger and other leapers and bloody jumpers, the crackle of the bones of his prey in the coil of the anaconda,--these are in the system, and our habits are like theirs.
you have just dined, and however the slaughter-house is concealed in the graceful distance of miles, there is complicity, expensive races--race living at the expense of race.
the planet is liable to shocks from comets, perturbations from planets, rendings from earthquake and volcano, alterations of climate, precessions of equinoxes.
rivers dry up by opening of the forest.
at lisbon an earthquake killed men like flies.
at naples three years ago ten thousand persons were crushed in a few minutes.
the scurvy at sea, the sword of the climate in the west of africa, at cayenne, at panama, at new orleans, cut off men like a massacre.
our western prairies shake with fever and ague.
the cholera, the small-pox, have proved as mortal to some tribes as a frost to crickets, which, having filled the summer with noise, are silenced by the fall of the temperature of one night.
providence has a wild, rough, incalculable road to its end, and it is of no use to try to whitewash its huge, mixed instrumentalities, or to dress up that terrific benefactor in a clean shirt and white neck-cloth of a student in divinity.
houghton mifflin company, publishers, boston.
now this controlling purpose, including both the appeal to the understanding and that to the emotions, should be stated, clearly, before the author begins his actual writing, in one sentence.
the value of this is at once apparent: our minds tend all too much to wander from subject to subject, browsing here and there, without any really directed feeding.
now such procedure, though difficult to avoid, is nevertheless harmful to our writing.
the edge of the writing is never so keen, the telling of the message, whatever it may be, is never so well done, until we thoroughly organize and direct all that we are to say.
in phrasing the controlling purpose in one sentence, we make just such an organization.
and we have one which is most easily handled, most easily remembered, least likely to allow us to escape into empty wandering.
even in a long work this should be done, this unifying knot should be tied in the writer's mind.
those readers who rise from the last pages of a long historical work, covering several volumes and hundreds or thousands of pages, with a clear central conception of the whole work are profoundly grateful to the author.
it is safe to say that such a conception could not have been given to the reader had not the writer, before he wrote a word, formulated in a few words the goal, the aim of his writing.
this sentence should include the emotional appeal either as stated in a separate clause or phrase, or as expressed in the choice of words to present the facts.
the amount of machinery that seems to be required for using the controlling purpose may appear too much for practical purposes in one short lifetime.
the truth is that the actual finding of the purpose will require much less time, often, than the explanation of the process here has needed.
in a short theme you will often be able to scan the subject itself, to estimate your own reaction to the subject, and to determine upon your reader with remarkable quickness.
more frequently you will find difficulty in determining the emotional quality of the material and your desires.
but a little practice will enable you to do the preliminary thinking with rapidity and comfort.
but if your subject is difficult, and if the effect is of great importance, by no means allow yourself to be swerved from determination to find the real object which you are seeking, but even at the expense of time and trouble state the center of your intentions as related to the subject, yourself, and your reader.
practical use of the controlling purpose we have yet to answer the practical question: when i sit down to write, of just what value will the controlling purpose be to me in the actual task of expressing my ideas?
how can it really serve me in my writing?
the answer is clear: the controlling purpose is of the utmost strategic value in helping to select and arrange material for attack upon the objective, which is the effect to be created in the reader's mind.
now the best strategy always combines the line of greatest advantage to the writer, the line of least resistance from the reader, and the necessities of the subject.
in other words, what point can i attack easiest, where is my opponent weakest, what demands of the ground--gullies, hills, swamps, etc.--must i allow for?
sometimes these three are more or less mutually antagonistic; sometimes they unite with the greatest helpfulness, as we shall see.
remember, we do not now merely attack in general, wherever we find an enemy.
instead, we decide that our objective is, perhaps, a hill ten miles across the enemy's frontier.
the taking of that hill is our controlling purpose.
it would be easiest for us to use several regiments of fresh young troops.
but the terrain is strewn with gullies and hillocks, with boulders and tangled timber.
so we shall use two regiments of veteran troops who are accustomed to rough country, and follow these with some fresh youngsters who are endowed with sense and a desire to outdo the veterans.
since the enemy has a strong battery, we shall use heavy artillery.
and since the enemy lacks machine guns, we shall use many of them and catch him where he is weak and may be terrified.
we could easily send thirty camp kitchens to the fighting lines, but strategy demands that they be kept back.
in exactly the same way mr. burroughs plans the essay which follows this discussion.
his controlling purpose is obviously to make the reader understand the process of bee-hunting in such a way as to be attracted to it as a delightful sport.
the nature of the subject demands that the several steps in the process be explained.
well, that suits mr. burroughs, because he knows these steps.
the easiest method for him is to narrate his own experiences.
of course he could investigate the authorities on bee-hunting, and write a treatise, but that would be more difficult, and moreover, it would not meet the line of least resistance from the reader.
to be successful, the essay must overcome the reader's inertia and make him feel that he is actually sharing in things that he enjoys.
from his personal experience, as giving the writer the greatest advantage, mr. burroughs chooses.
he selects details about the beauty of nature because a reader would prefer to have fine surroundings.
he mentions traits of the bee that are interesting or necessary to know.
he narrates two special experiences of his own for added attractiveness.
and all the while, lest inertia raise its head, he lures the reader with the glimpses of pails full of rich golden honey.
in other words, keeping his eye for his controlling purpose, mr. burroughs can easily select the things that will accomplish that purpose to his own greatest advantage, the reader's greatest ease, and according to the demands of the subject.
you do not find in the essay a discussion of the lucrative value of bees, nor of the complicated life of the hive, nor of the present standing of the science of bee-keeping.
these topics, however interesting, are not useful to the controlling purpose.
the standard is, not connection, but usefulness.
thus the question of selection is answered.
but our sweet will must give way to necessity.
since unscalable crags lie ahead, we shall have to go round to the rear of the hill.
since we must cross a swamp, engineers must precede and build a road.
though we should like to crawl up a wide valley on the other side, we must choose a smaller one, because the enemy could wither us away in the larger one.
and, to trick the enemy, we shall perhaps open fire far off on the left, while we are stealing out to the right, and thus we may take him off his guard.
our purpose of securing that hill makes these things necessary.
similarly, in writing, we may sometimes employ the order of greatest advantage, but more often we must modify this order to meet the requirements of the subject and to rouse the least resistance from the reader.
his object is to thrill the reader at the thought that mankind constantly strives in spite of all his failures.
several orders are possible: he could treat of the striving alone, neglecting the failure; he could treat the striving first and then the failure, or vice versa, and so on.
he saw that he would gain his purpose best if he treated failure first, until he had fairly overwhelmed the reader, and then suddenly shifted and showed that in spite of all this failure man still strives.
he had to run the risk of offending the reader at the beginning by his insistence upon failure, and thus rousing the reader's possible great resistance.
for we do not like to read unpleasant things.
but he took the chance, knowing that if, by skillful use of words he could persuade the reader through the first part, he could easily thrill him with the reaction.
the selection from the essay which appears here is taken from the middle.
in the essay by mr. burroughs the author's advantage and the reader's acquiescence largely coincide, so that the author can at once begin with remarks about the attractiveness of the hunt, the delights of its successful conclusion.
to discuss at once the possibility of being stung would have been unwise, because unpleasant, and the controlling purpose of the essay is to attract.
later, this topic can safely be tucked in.
mr. wilson's war messages showed a combination of the lines of greatest advantage and of least resistance with the nature of the historical events.
these messages began with a series of facts which, obviously true, would rouse no resistance and would at the same time insert some resentment against germany, the very thing that the author wished to do.
then they followed the strict chronological order, as if the author were pursuing a course already mapped for him--which, of course, he was not doing.
with the controlling purpose of showing that america's entrance into the war was occasioned entirely by germany's actions, he then proceeded to base the proposals of the messages upon the very facts that the readers had already accepted in accordance with his ultimate point of view.
such skillful manipulation deserved the success that the messages met.
all three of these examples gain their point, their objective.
they do this largely because the authors knew exactly what they wished to do, what their controlling purposes were, and then marshaled their material so as to accomplish this end.
some of the topics that are subordinated, such, for example, as the possibility of being stung, are as important as others which are magnified, such as the beauty of nature--that is, they are as important in an impersonal way.
as soon as the controlling purpose is known, however, they immediately become dangerous unless so placed as to bring the reader nearer the goal and not to push him from it.
the point is that knowing the controlling purpose, that is, having thought out beforehand exactly what you wish to do with subject and reader, you are at once aware of both helps and obstacles, and can make use of the one, avoid the other.
thus you will consider both the reader's ease and his prejudices.
if you are to write of abstruse matters, of some question in philosophy or ethics or religion, in order to carry your reader with you you will begin with things that he can understand, and thus pave a highway into the misty lands where you desire to take him.
failure of some eminent philosophers to receive recognition has been due to their lack of a comprehensive controlling purpose, to their restricting attention to the subject alone regardless of the reader.
in explaining inductive reasoning, with the controlling purpose of making it seem both frequent and natural, huxley showed first how we reason practically about the nature of apples in a basket at the grocer's.
the reader's resistance is thus avoided and the writer's advantage is increased.
a shrewd controlling purpose also makes allowance for the reader's prejudices.
you ought to take as much care to cajole your reader into following you as the cook does to make us happy to the final morsel.
after ices and cakes and coffee a roast or a soup is positively offensive; the cook wisely wins the battle of the spit and the dripping pan while the epicure is still receptive.
without knowing just what you wish to accomplish, you are likely to write in what may seem a dogged, defiant mood that intends to strike right and left, hoping to wallow through to victory.
if between us and the enemy's fort is a stream which needs pontoons for crossing, and we blindly start out marching up toward victory with no pontoons, we shall perhaps sail away to sea, but shall also probably not win the fort.
if we insist upon keeping our platoon as rigidly straight, even while we climb hills through the woods, as ever a line was kept at west point, we shall come to grief.
so, if the logic of the subject has imperious demands, the controlling purpose must make count of them.
in an account of the united states government it might be logically necessary to state and explain first the theory of checks and balances before the relations of executive, legislative, and judicial branches could be properly estimated.
wisely chosen, the controlling purpose of such an account would make this fact at once evident.
constantly keeping in mind, in planning and composing an article, what the objective is, makes even the individual paragraphs and sentences more successful.
each paragraph definitely advances the cause of the controlling purpose.
the final item about the hills is in no way necessary, does not even help to give the feeling of a seaport, which more often than not lacks high hills.
in this sentence facts, rhythm, even the sound of the words drive in one direction.
without being too dogmatic--for every problem in writing is new and not infrequently a law to itself--you may be sure that if you have a definite controlling purpose, and know well what it is, you will be more likely to attain success with subject and with reader when you come to the ordering of your material.
finally, since strategy suggests that we attack the weakest places in the enemy's defense, we shall do well, unless the logic of the subject or the reader's prejudice demand otherwise, to make our strongest blows when the enemy, the reader, is least prepared, that is, at the beginning and the end.
if, in order to understand one point, another is necessary, or to avoid irritation, a roundabout method is advisable, the path is plain.
when these accidents do not obtain, the reader's understanding will be most easily won at the beginning and the end.
at these points you must see to it that the reader is guided, with the first word, toward the emotional tone that your controlling purpose demands, and toward some important idea that bolsters this purpose, even if, as we have seen stevenson do, you seem to be at first flying away from the purpose which we later discover.
his controlling purpose is to make the reader believe that every profession offers large chance for the conscientious man to be of use to the political government.
consequently he chooses the two that he thinks most important, and of these places the less important at the beginning and the more important at the end.
in this way he succeeds at once in turning the reader as he wishes, and leaves him also with the strongest possible bias toward belief.
and since these two professions offer the greatest chance for victory for his controlling purpose, he gives them much more space than to the others, almost three times as much to law, for instance, as to teaching.
moreover, since the emotions are affected in much writing, the skilled strategist will instantly bear in mind just what emotion he wishes to rouse, and will see that the ideas of greater moving value receive larger development.
mr. burroughs gives much more space to the sections that deal with the excitement and the joy of bee-hunting than to those that deal with the less pleasant side.
to the interesting actions of the bee when it is caught he gives at least ten times as much space.
in this way he guides the reader's emotions in the way he wishes them to go--and makes successful writing.
the chief strategic problem in exposition, then, is that of so choosing and arranging the material that the point of the writing is made with the proper emphasis.
to determine what his purpose is the writer must consult the subject itself, his own personality, and the reader.
he must also bear in mind the reader's intellect and his emotions.
and he must unify the approach to both intellect and emotions.
the firmly held conception of what his purpose is will determine what material he is to choose--what is useful and what is not--and also how to arrange this material and how to proportion the space that different sections shall have.
he will arrange the material for the greatest advantage to himself and the least resistance from the reader.
in other words, to make his writing successful in the sense of accomplishing its end, the writer must, before he sets down a single word, decide upon what his controlling purpose is to be and just how he intends to make material and expression--even in the individual sentence--unite to drive in the one direction of that controlling purpose.
houghton mifflin company, publishers, boston.
one looks upon the woods with a new interest when he suspects they hold a colony of bees.
what a pleasing secret it is; a tree with a heart of comb-honey, a decayed oak or maple with a bit of sicily or mount hymettus stowed away in its trunk or branches; secret chambers where lies hidden the wealth of ten thousand little free-booters, great nuggets and wedges of precious ore gathered with risk and labor from every field and wood about.
but if you would know the delights of bee-hunting, and how many sweets such a trip yields beside honey, come with me some bright, warm, late september or early october day.
it is the golden season of the year, and any errand or pursuit that takes us abroad upon the hills or by the painted woods and along the amber colored streams at such a time is enough.
so, with haversacks filled with grapes and peaches and apples and a bottle of milk,--for we shall not be home to dinner,--and armed with a compass, a hatchet, a pail, and a box with a piece of comb-honey neatly fitted into it--any box the size of your hand with a lid will do nearly as well as the elaborate and ingenious contrivance of the regular bee-hunter--we sally forth.
our course at first lies along the highway, under great chestnut-trees whose nuts are just dropping, then through an orchard and across a little creek, thence gently rising through a long series of cultivated fields toward some high, uplying land, behind which rises a rugged wooded ridge or mountain, the most sightly point in all this section.
behind this ridge for several miles the country is wild, wooded, and rocky, and is no doubt the home of many wild swarms of bees.
after a refreshing walk of a couple of miles we reach a point where we will make our first trial--a high stone wall that runs parallel with the wooded ridge referred to, and separated from it by a broad field.
there are bees at work there on that goldenrod, and it requires but little manoeuvring to sweep one into our box.
almost any other creature rudely and suddenly arrested in its career and clapped into a cage in this way would show great confusion and alarm.
the bee is alarmed for a moment, but the bee has a passion stronger than its love of life or fear of death, namely, desire for honey, not simply to eat, but to carry home as booty.
it is quick to catch the scent of honey in the box, and as quick to fall to filling itself.
we now set the box down upon the wall and gently remove the cover.
the bee is head and shoulders in one of the half-filled cells, and is oblivious to everything else about it.
come rack, come ruin, it will die at work.
we step back a few paces, and sit down upon the ground so as to bring the box against the blue sky as a background.
in two or three minutes the bee is seen rising slowly and heavily from the box.
it seems loath to leave so much honey behind and it marks the place well.
it mounts aloft in a rapidly increasing spiral, surveying the near and minute objects first, then the larger and more distant, till having circled about the spot five or six times and taken all its bearings it darts away for home.
it is a good eye that holds fast to the bee till it is fairly off.
sometimes one's head will swim following it, and often one's eyes are put out by the sun.
this bee gradually drifts down the hill, then strikes away toward a farm-house half a mile away, where i know bees are kept.
then we try another and another, and the third bee, much to our satisfaction, goes straight toward the woods.
we could see the brown speck against the darker background for many yards.
a bee will usually make three or four trips from the hunter's box before it brings back a companion.
i suspect the bee does not tell its fellows what it has found, but that they smell out the secret; it doubtless bears some evidence with it upon its feet or proboscis that it has been upon honey-comb and not upon flowers, and its companions take the hint and follow, arriving always many seconds behind.
then the quantity and quality of the booty would also betray it.
no doubt, also, there are plenty of gossips about a hive that note and tell everything.
peggy mel came in a few moments ago in great haste, and one of the up-stairs packers says she was loaded till she groaned with apple-blossom honey which she deposited, and then rushed off again like mad.
in about half an hour we have three well-defined lines of bees established--two to farm-houses and one to the woods, and our box is being rapidly depleted of its honey.
about every fourth bee goes to the woods, and now that they have learned the way thoroughly they do not make the long preliminary whirl above the box, but start directly from it.
the woods are rough and dense and the hill steep, and we do not like to follow the line of bees until we have tried at least to settle the problem as to the distance they go into the woods--whether the tree is on this side of the ridge or in the depth of the forest on the other side.
so we shut up the box when it is full of bees and carry it about three hundred yards along the wall from which we are operating.
when liberated, the bees, as they always will in such cases, go off in the same directions they have been going; they do not seem to know that they have been moved.
but other bees have followed our scent, and it is not many minutes before a second line to the woods is established.
the new line makes a sharp angle with the other line, and we know at once that the tree is only a few rods into the woods.
the two lines we have established form two sides of a triangle of which the wall is the base; at the apex of the triangle, or where the two lines meet in the woods, we are sure to find the trees.
we quickly follow up these lines, and where they cross each other on the side of the hill we scan every tree closely.
i pause at the foot of an oak and examine a hole near the root; now the bees are in this tree and their entrance is on the upper side near the ground, not two feet from the hole i peer into, and yet so quiet and secret is their going and coming that i fail to discover them and pass on up the hill.
failing in this direction, i return to the oak again, and then perceive the bees going out in a small crack in the tree.
the bees do not know they are found out and that the game is in our hands, and are as oblivious of our presence as if we were ants or crickets.
the indications are that the swarm is a small one, and the store of honey trifling.
but this course is impracticable on the present occasion, so we boldly and ruthlessly assault the tree with an axe we have procured.
at the first blow the bees set up a loud buzzing, but we have no mercy, and the side of the cavity is soon cut away and the interior with its white-yellow mass of comb-honey is exposed, and not a bee strikes a blow in defense of its all.
this may seem singular, but it has nearly always been my experience.
when a swarm of bees are thus rudely assaulted with an axe, they evidently think the end of the world has come, and, like true misers as they are, each one seizes as much of the treasure as it can hold; in other words, they all fall to and gorge themselves with honey, and calmly await the issue.
when in this condition they make no defense and will not sting unless taken hold of.
in fact they are as harmless as flies.
bees are always to be managed with boldness and decision.
any halfway measures, any timid poking about, any feeble attempts to reach their honey, are sure to be quickly resented.
the popular notion that bees have a special antipathy toward certain persons and a liking for certain others has only this fact at the bottom of it; they will sting a person who is afraid of them and goes skulking and dodging about, and they will not sting a person who faces them boldly and has no dread of them.
the way to disarm a vicious dog is to show him you do not fear him; it is his turn to be afraid then.
i never had any dread of bees and am seldom stung by them.
i have climbed up into a large chestnut that contained a swarm in one of its cavities and chopped them out with an axe, being obliged at times to pause and brush the bewildered bees from my hands and face, and not been stung once.
i have chopped a swarm out of an apple-tree in june and taken out the cards of honey and arranged them in a hive, and then dipped out the bees with a dipper, and taken the whole home with me in pretty good condition, with scarcely any opposition on the part of the bees.
but the bee carries the antidote to its own poison.
the best remedy for bee sting is honey, and when your hands are besmeared with honey, as they are sure to be on such occasions, the wound is scarcely more painful than the prick of a pin.
it is the most pathetic sight of all, the surviving and bewildered bees struggling to save a few drops of their wasted treasures.
presently, if there is another swarm in the woods, robber-bees appear.
you may know them by their saucy, chiding, devil-may-care hum.
it is an ill-wind that blows nobody good, and they make the most of the misfortune of their neighbors; and thereby pave the way for their own ruin.
the hunter marks their course and the next day looks them up.
on this occasion the day was hot and the honey very fragrant, and a line of bees was soon established s.s.w.
though there was much refuse honey in the old stub, and though little golden rills trickled down the hill from it, and the near branches and saplings were besmeared with it where we wiped our murderous hands, yet not a drop was wasted.
it was a feast to which not only honey-bees came, but bumble-bees, wasps, hornets, flies, ants.
the bumble-bees, which at this season are hungry vagrants with no fixed place of abode, would gorge themselves, then creep beneath the bits of empty comb or fragment of bark and pass the night, and renew the feast next day.
the bumble-bee is an insect of which the bee-hunter sees much.
they are dull and clumsy compared with the honey-bee.
attracted in the fields by the bee-hunter's box, they will come up the wind on the scent and blunder into it in the most stupid, lubberly fashion.
the honey-bee that licked up our leavings on the old stub belonged to a swarm, as it proved, about half a mile farther down the ridge, and a few days afterward fate overtook them, and their stores in turn became the prey of another swarm in the vicinity, which also tempted providence and were overwhelmed.
the first mentioned swarm i had lined from several points, and was following up the clue over rocks and through gulleys, when i came to where a large hemlock had been felled a few years before and a swarm taken from a cavity near the top of it; fragments of the old comb were yet to be seen.
a few yards away stood another short, squatty hemlock, and i said my bees ought to be there.
as i paused near it i noticed where the tree had been wounded with an axe a couple of feet from the ground many years before.
the wound had partially grown over, but there was an opening there that i did not see at the first glance.
i was about to pass on when a bee passed me making that peculiar shrill, discordant hum that a bee makes when besmeared with honey.
i saw it alight in the partially closed wound and crawl home; then came others and others, little bands and squads of them heavily freighted with honey from the box.
the tree was about twenty inches through and hollow at the butt, or from the axe mark down.
this space the bees had completely filled with honey.
with an axe we cut away the outer ring of live wood and exposed the treasure.
despite the utmost care, we wounded the comb so that little rills of the golden liquid issued from the root of the tree and trickled down the hill.
the other bee-tree in the vicinity, to which i have referred, we found one warm november day in less than half an hour after entering the woods.
it also was a hemlock, that stood in a niche in a wall of hoary, moss-covered rocks thirty feet high.
the tree hardly reached to the top of the precipice.
the bees entered a small hole at the root, which was seven or eight feet from the ground.
never did apiary have a finer outlook or more rugged surroundings.
a black, wood-embraced lake lay at our feet; the long panorama of the catskills filled the far distance, and the more broken outlines of the shawangunk range filled the near.
on every hand were precipices and a wild confusion of rocks and trees.
the cavity occupied by the bees was about three feet and a half long and eight or ten inches in diameter.
with an axe we cut away one side of the tree and laid bare its curiously wrought heart of honey.
what winding and devious ways the bees had through their palace!
what great masses and blocks of snow-white comb there were!
where it was sealed up, presenting that slightly dented, uneven surface, it looked like some precious ore.
when we carried a large pail of it out of the woods, it seemed still more like ore.
in lining bees through the woods, the tactics of the hunter are to pause every twenty or thirty rods, lop away the branches or cut down the trees, and set the bees to work again.
if they still go forward, he goes forward also and repeats his observations till the tree is found or till the bees turn and come back upon the trail.
then he knows he has passed the tree, and he retraces his steps to a convenient distance and tries again, and thus quickly reduces the space to be looked over till the swarm is traced home.
on one occasion, in a wild rocky wood, where the surface alternated between deep gulfs and chasms filled with thick, heavy growths of timber and sharp, precipitous, rocky ridges like a tempest-tossed sea, i carried my bees directly under their tree, and set them to work from a high, exposed ledge of rocks not thirty feet distant.
one would have expected them under such circumstances to have gone straight home, as there were but few branches intervening, but they did not; they labored up through the trees and attained an altitude above the woods as if they had miles to travel, and thus baffled me for hours.
they are acquainted with the woods only from the top side, and from the air above; they recognize home only by landmarks here, and in every instance they rise aloft to take their bearings.
think how familiar to them the topography of the forest summits must be--an umbrageous sea or plain where every mark and point is known.
another curious fact is that generally you will get track of a bee-tree sooner when you are half a mile from it than when you are only a few yards.
bees, like us human insects, have little faith in the near at hand; they expect to make their fortune in a distant field, they are lured by the remote and the difficult, and hence overlook the flower and the sweet at their very door.
on several occasions i have unwittingly set my box within a few paces of a bee-tree and waited long for bees without getting them, when, on removing to a distant field or opening in the woods i have got a clue at once.
bees, like the milkman, like to be near a spring.
they do water their honey, especially in a dry time.
the liquid is then of course thicker and sweeter, and will bear diluting.
hence, old bee-hunters look for bee-trees along creeks and near spring runs in the woods.
i once found a tree a long distance from any water, and the honey had a peculiar bitter flavor imparted to it, i was convinced, by rain water sucked from the decayed and spongy hemlock tree, in which the swarm was found.
in cutting into the tree, the north side of it was found to be saturated with water like a spring, which ran out in big drops, and had a bitter flavor.
the bees had thus found a spring or a cistern in their own house.
wild honey is as near like tame as wild bees are like their brothers in the hive.
the only difference is that wild honey is flavored with your adventure, which makes it a little more delectable than the domestic article.
what a monstrous specter is this man, the disease of the agglutinated dust, lifting alternate feet or lying drugged with slumber; killing, feeding, growing, bringing forth small copies of himself; grown upon with hair like grass, fitted with eyes that move and glitter in his face; a thing to set children screaming;--and yet looked at nearlier, known as his fellows know him, how surprising are his attributes!
poor soul, here for so little, cast among so many hardships, filled with desires so incommensurate and so inconsistent, savagely surrounded, savagely descended, irremediably condemned to prey upon his fellow lives: who should have blamed him had he been of a piece with his destiny and a being merely barbarous?
and we look and behold him instead filled with imperfect virtues, infinitely childish, often admirably valiant, often touchingly kind; sitting down, amidst his momentary life, to debate of right and wrong and the attributes of the deity; rising up to do battle for an egg or die for an idea; singling out his friends and his mate with cordial affection; bringing forth in pain, rearing with long-suffering solicitude, his young.
to touch the heart of his mystery, we find in him one thought, strange to the point of lunacy: the thought of duty; the thought of something owing to himself, to his neighbor, to his god; an ideal of decency, to which he would rise if it were possible; a limit of shame, below which, if it be possible, he will not stoop.
the design in most men is one of conformity; here and there, in picked natures, it transcends itself and soars on the other side, arming martyrs with independence; but in all, in their degrees, it is a bosom thought.
it sways with so complete an empire that merely selfish things come second, even with the selfish: that appetites are starved, fears are conquered, pains supported; that almost the dullest shrinks from the reproof of a glance, although it were a child's; and all but the most cowardly stand amidst the risks of war; and the more noble, having strongly conceived an act as due to their ideal, affront and embrace death.
strange enough if, with their singular origin and perverted practice, they think they are to be rewarded in some future life: stranger still, if they are persuaded of the contrary, and think this blow, which they solicit, will strike them senseless for eternity.
i shall be reminded what a tragedy of misconception and misconduct man at large presents: of organized injustice, cowardly violence, and treacherous crime; and of the damning imperfections of the best.
man is indeed marked for failure in his efforts to do right.
but where the best consistently miscarry, how tenfold more remarkable that all should continue to strive; and surely we should find it both touching and inspiriting, that in a field from which success is banished, our race should not cease to labor.
if the first view of this creature, stalking in his rotatory isle, be a thing to shake the courage of the stoutest, on this nearer sight he startles us with an admiring wonder.
it matters not where we look, under what climate we observe him, in what stage of society, in what depth of ignorance, burthened with what erroneous morality; by campfires in assiniboia, the snow powdering his shoulders, the wind plucking his blanket, as he sits, passing the ceremonial calumet and uttering his grave opinions like a roman senator; in ships at sea, a man inured to hardship and vile pleasures, his brightest hope a fiddle in a tavern and a bedizened trull who sells herself to rob him, and he for all that simple, innocent, cheerful, kindly like a child, constant to toil, brave to drown, for others; in the slums of cities, moving among indifferent millions to mechanical employments, without hope of change in the future, with scarce a pleasure in the present, and yet true to his virtues, honest up to his lights, kind to his neighbors, tempted perhaps in vain by the bright gin-palace, perhaps long-suffering with the drunken wife that ruins him; in india (a woman this time) kneeling with broken cries and streaming tears as she drowns her child in the sacred river; in the brothel, the discard of society, living mainly on strong drink, fed with affronts, a fool, a thief, the comrade of thieves, and even here keeping the point of honor and the touch of pity, often repaying the world's scorn with service, often standing firm upon a scruple, and at a certain cost, rejecting riches: everywhere some virtue cherished or affected, everywhere some decency of thought and carriage, everywhere the ensign of man's ineffectual goodness:--ah!
if i could show you these men and women, all the world over, in every stage of history, under every abuse of error, under every circumstance of failure, without hope, without help, without thanks, still obscurely fighting the lost fight of virtue, still clinging, in the brothel or on the scaffold, to some rag of honor, the poor jewel of their souls!
came to his final words as the result of writing outlines.
if this be true, surely it is unfortunate, for the writing of outlines brings exceeding great reward.
an outline is not an ancient form of blind discipline, but rather a helping hand across the bogland of facts and ideas.
it is a most useful instrument toward good writing; its justification is its practical usefulness.
this usefulness, helpfulness, is double in its value--to the writer and to the instructor, when there is one.
as to the value of an outline for the writer--without an outline you face in your writing a complicated problem, more complicated, in fact, than is justifiable.
at one and the same time you must make your thinking logical and your expression adequate--distinguished if possible.
either of these tasks is sufficient to demand all your powers; together, they offer a really overwhelming problem.
it was only after he had fitted his material together that he felt able to devote himself to making the beautiful prose that is so much admired.
a good piece of writing should have the same comments made; but they cannot be made, usually, without the carefully planned outline.
you face the problem, without an outline, of answering the two questions about every detail that presents itself for treatment: first, shall i include or exclude this detail; and secondly, how shall i make this detail help the general flow of my writing, and how shall i express it so that it shall contribute to the proper tone of the work?
and while you thus judge each small detail, you must also keep your critical faculties active to estimate your total course, whether you are cleaving your way clearly, steadily, and with sufficient directness to your goal, whether the work as a whole is answering your desires.
now to ask the unaided brain, unless it has had long years of training, to perform all this critical work during the actual process of expression, is nothing short of cruel--and almost sure of failure.
for in any writing which enlists from you even a spark of interest the fervor of creative work, the stimulating effect of seeing the work grow under your pen, tends often to unseat the critical powers, to destroy perspective, to make a detail seem more valuable or less valuable than it should, on the whim of the momentary interest or repulsion.
thus the logic of the writing is impaired, for details are included which should not enter, and others are excluded which ought to be welcomed, and proportions are bad.
and the expression is so liable to unevenness as to be less worthy than it should be.
bad logic and uneven expression beget failure.
the outline helps to overcome these difficulties.
in the first place, it is not final, can be changed at will, and makes no extraordinary demands on the powers of expression.
in the second place, as regards logic, the outline shows the relation of ideas to each other and to the whole subject; you can estimate rather easily whether a detail is of sufficient value to warrant inclusion, and, if so, how much space it deserves.
for in the outline you have the bare fact, succinctly expressed, which enables you to focus your attention upon the thought.
but since logic is more than mere inclusion and order and spacing, and deals also with the logic of attitude, the outline is again of service.
for it shows what should be the tone of the complete piece of writing, and how this tone should be modified by the individual section of the writing.
suppose that you are to write of the attitude of a politician toward party principles.
both the logic of structure and that of attitude, then, are aided by the use of an outline.
and, at any point in the actual completed writing, you can easily determine by referring to the outline, whether you are gaining the effect that you desire and what progress you have made.
and in the third place, as regards expression, the outline relieves you of the necessity of doing the constructive thinking of the subject, and enables you to apply all your powers to the actual saying of your message.
had he done so, where would now have been the power and the charm?
expression is of utmost value, and you can ill afford to slight it.
for this reason, and especially since distinguished expression is so difficult to form, to be released from the attendant worry of constructive thinking is of the greatest help to the writer.
both logic and expression, then, are dependent on the outline: with it they are more sure.
instead, then, of feeling that dim dread of failure, which ever dogs the writer's steps, with a well-constructed outline you can feel comparative safety in the possession of a safe guide in case of perplexity.
as for being of value to the instructor, often he too can estimate more surely and easily the worth of the writing if he has the skeleton to examine.
for there the structural defects are more apparent, are not concealed by the pleasant flow of words, just as the structure of a skyscraper is more apparent before the wall-tiles or bricks are laid on to conceal the girders.
the instructor can therefore often point out insufficiencies in the thought, or wrong relations, which might otherwise stand as defects in the finished work.
the form of the outline shall an outline be written in words and phrases or in complete sentences?
in the first place, so far as any reader except the author is concerned, complete sentences are necessary for understanding.
often they are necessary for the writer himself.
a reader cannot tell from such a word whether speed is important or insignificant, or whether the author intends to give to gas engines credit for comparative excellence in this property.
he can definitely tell from an outline of complete sentences what the course of thought is to be and what will be the tone of the theme.
the reader, then, needs complete sentences.
the writer, on the other hand, might seem to be sufficiently helped by mere words or phrases, since he naturally knows what he means.
if the author will write the sentence quoted above, he will complete his thought, make it really definite, and be pretty sure to know what he is talking about, what he intends to do.
furthermore, even though he know, when he sets down a phrase, what he means by it, the chance is strong that when he arrives at the expansion of the phrase he will have forgotten some of the implications and may give the heading a cast that he did not intend.
whether he knows definitely what he means or not, the writer is more safe if he uses complete sentences, and for any other reader of the outline complete sentences are quite necessary.
outlines are of three kinds: those that show the topic relations by division into indented headings; those that show the sequence of paragraphs by statement of the topic sentence; and those that combine these two forms.
in this first outline a glance at the five main headings makes the plan of the essay at once apparent--first a statement of the effect of bees upon us; then an account of a hunt; then some specific examples to drive things home; then some special directions that might be overlooked, and finally a tribute to the joy of the hunting.
the benefit of this kind of outline is that the general relationships among topics are made clear, the large divisions of thought appear, and the writer can with comparative ease tell whether he has covered the subject, and whether he has chosen the best order of thought.
it avoids the invertebrate flow of thought that is unaware of structure.
in other words, it is of value chiefly to the thinking.
it does not show which topics shall be grouped into paragraphs together, and it does not, of course, phrase the topic sentences, usually.
in such an outline care should be taken to make each heading a complete sentence, and to make headings that are of the same rank fairly parallel in structure of expression unless this interferes with the tone of the heading.
now for the writer to know beforehand how he intends to divide his material into paragraphs is of great value; otherwise he might be giving to some comparatively minor point--which for the moment assumes interest for him--a separate paragraph, as if, for example, mr. burroughs had dwelt at length on the interesting location of trees on ledges.
in other words, this second kind of outline is valuable chiefly in its arrangement and placing of material.
its service in making the original choice is not so immediately apparent.
it has also the advantage that it indicates pretty well what kind of expression is to be used in the expanded form.
the third type of outline, which many writers prefer to either of the others, indicates both the topics to be treated and the division into paragraphs.
it may be constructed in either of two ways: first, the topic sentences may be stated in their regular order, with the subdivisions of the thought as they appear in the indented outline grouped under the topic sentences; or in the indented outline the paragraphs may be indicated by the regular sign for the paragraph at any point where a new division is to be made.
or, in the second outline the subheadings of the first might be indicated under the various topic sentences.
the value of this type of outline is obviously that it both shows the logic of the thought and the divisional arrangement for presentation in paragraphs.
with such an outline the chances that you could go wrong, in even a long theme on a difficult subject, are slight.
do not fail, therefore, when your theme is to be of any considerable length, or when the subject is at all difficult, to make an outline.
there is no greater pleasure in the world than that of creative effort when the creator knows what he is about.
but when the ideas are hazy, when the writer does not know exactly what he wishes to do and what impression he wishes to make--then the process of creation is anything but pleasant.
and since the outline presents a pattern of your work, since with it you cannot fail to see what your intentions are and what the requirements of your subject, regard it as your best writing friend--and make use of the rights of friendship and require service.
a colony of bees increases our interest in a wood.
the secret of the hidden golden store of honey is pleasing.
the hunt is most interesting, especially in the autumn.
nature, as we tramp with luncheon and with bait, is in her greatest glory.
we are stimulated by the odds against our finding the tree.
determining the direction of the tree is a problem.
it is easy to catch the first bee and watch it devour the bait.
but to be sure of its rapid flight home requires sharp eyes and concentrated watching.
determining the distance of the tree requires skill.
it is easy to pass by the tree even when we know about where it is.
c. once found, the tree must be attacked boldly.
but when a sting is touched, even on a dead bee, it hurts.
d. the actions of the bees are interesting.
those which are away from home do not recognize the ruins of their own hive, and begin to eat.
compared with honey-bees they are clumsy.
two examples from experience show the chances for missing and the delights of triumph.
special facts, occasioned by the habits of bees, need to be remembered.
sometimes he is baffled, because the bees do not know the woods from the ground side.
usually it is easier to find a tree half a mile away than from only a few yards.
c. since bees like water, a careful hunter looks along creeks and near springs.
v. wild honey is better than tame because it tastes of the adventure of finding it.
the presence of a colony of bees in a wood gives it interest.
the fall is the best time to start with luncheon and bait off across the fields a-hunting.
after two miles we catch several bees and watch them start for home with our honey.
after several trips, other bees that have discovered the secret arrive.
with one line established, we move on, establish another, find the tree and attack it.
bees that are away from home when their tree is attacked have considerable difficulty in recognizing it.
robber bees join the plundered to eat all the remnants of honey.
a neighbor honey-bee leads to another store in a hemlock.
another tree in the vicinity, also a hemlock, had a superb situation.
the honey in this tree was most pleasing to see and to carry home.
in lining bees one must stop every little while and test his line; bees puzzle sometimes by their actions since they know the woods only from above.
bees discover their home to the hunter better when they are caught at some distance from the tree.
since bees like water, it is well to hunt along brooks and near springs.
from what grade would you select examples for a similar paragraph if you intended the creation of despair as your controlling purpose?
write the first paragraph of the essay, and the last one, as you would wish them to appear if your intention were to make difficulty rather than joy the controlling purpose.
joy at the union of the old and the new worlds in a common cause.
the pride of an american resident in london over the physique of the united states soldiers.
the astonishment of a london school-boy who has just read in his history how the american colonies rebelled.
the apprehension of a british tory lest aristocracy be doomed when the troops of a great democracy appear so far away from home to battle against autocracy.
to show the wonder of man's analytical powers.
to show the seriousness of the difficulties that must be faced.
the growing appreciation of good architecture in america.
to show the good educative work of our architects.
to show the influence of european travel.
to show the effect of the general rise in standards of education.
to show the general looseness of thinking.
to show the senseless duplication of material and ideas.
to show the opportunity for a host of authors.
the effects of the big mail-order houses.
to show how they ruin the small country store.
to show how they increase the opportunities of the small buyers.
to show how they help give employment in the large cities.
to show the shifting of responsibility from creeds to deeds.
to show the changed status of the church.
to show the effect of increased education on religion.
to show the relation of their immediate popularity to their final valuation.
to show the relief gained for the farmers.
to show the effect on increased production.
to show the fairer economic distribution.
to show the general lightening of toil that it may have caused.
to show its indebtedness to england, or france, or germany.
to show them as the culmination of the sonata development.
to show the development of beethoven's genius as he matured.
to show the similarity to heredity in man.
to show how knowledge of heredity in plants may serve an economic purpose.
to show the wonderful consistency of the laws of heredity in plants.
glacial action in the mississippi valley.
to indicate the sweep of time consumed in the formation.
to show the picturesque qualities in the gradual action.
what is the controlling purpose in the following selection?
point out the influence upon the writer of knowing that bostonians would read his words.
indicate how the selection would differ if the controlling object were to be bitter jealousy expressed by a resident in a newer, larger, envious city.
boston has a rather old-fashioned habit of speaking the english language.
it came upon us rather suddenly one day as we journeyed out huntington avenue to the smart new gray and red opera house.
in the hub they are known as prepayment cars--its precision is unrelenting.
by courtesy of the publisher, robert m. mcbride & co., new york city.
analyze this controlling purpose as to the subject itself, the author's personal reaction, and the intended readers--largely perhaps, the american people.
let him say to himself that he and an army of his friends are about to advance up the slope towards the top, and that as they will be advancing in a line, along the whole length of the three miles, he will only see the advance of those comparatively near to him, since folds or dips in the ground will hide the others.
let him, before he advances, look earnestly along the line of the hill, as it shows up clear, in blazing sunlight only a mile from him, to see his tactical objective, one little clump of pines, three hundred yards away, across what seem to be fields.
let him see in the whole length of the hill no single human being, nothing but scrub, earth, a few scattered buildings, of the levantine type (dirty white with roofs of dirty red) and some patches of dark scotch pine, growing as the pine loves, on bleak crests.
let him imagine himself to be more weary than he has ever been in his life before, and dirtier than he has ever believed it possible to be, and parched with thirst, nervous, wild-eyed and rather lousy.
let him think that he has not slept for more than a few minutes together for eleven days and nights, and that in all his waking hours he has been fighting for his life, often hand to hand in the dark with a fierce enemy, and that after each fight he has had to dig himself a hole in the ground, often with his hands, and then walk three or four roadless miles to bring up heavy boxes under fire.
let him think, too, that in all those eleven days he has never for an instant been out of the thunder of cannon, that waking or sleeping their devastating crash has been blasting the air across within a mile or two, and this from an artillery so terrible that each discharge beats as it were a wedge of shock between the skull-bone and the brain.
let him think too that never, for an instant, in all that time, has he been free or even partly free from the peril of death in its most sudden and savage forms, and that hourly in all that time he has seen his friends blown to pieces at his side, or dismembered, or drowned, or driven mad, or stabbed, or sniped by some unseen stalker, or bombed in the dark sap with a handful of dynamite in a beef-tin, till their blood is caked upon his clothes and thick upon his face, and that he knows, as he stares at the hill, that in a few moments, more of that dwindling band, already too few, god knows how many too few, for the task to be done, will be gone the same way, and that he himself may reckon that he has done with life, tasted and spoken and loved his last, and that in a few minutes more may be blasted dead, or lying bleeding in the scrub, with perhaps his face gone and a leg and an arm broken, unable to move but still alive, unable to drive away the flies or screen the ever-dropping rain, in a place where none will find him, or be able to help him, a place where he will die and rot and shrivel, till nothing is left of him but a few rags and a few remnants and a little identification-disc flapping on his bones in the wind.
then let him hear the intermittent crash and rattle of the fire augment suddenly and awfully in a roaring, blasting roll, unspeakable and unthinkable, while the air above, that has long been whining and whistling, becomes filled with the scream of shells passing like great cats of death in the air; let him see the slope of the hill vanish in a few moments into the white, yellow, and black smokes of great explosions shot with fire, and watch the lines of white puffs marking the hill in streaks where the shrapnel searches a suspected trench; and then, in the height of the tumult, when his brain is shaking in his head, let him pull himself together with his friends, and clamber up out of the trench, to go forward against an invisible enemy, safe in some unseen trench expecting him.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
what light does the following paragraph which appears at the beginning of the book throw upon the controlling purpose?
later, when there was leisure, i began to consider the dardanelles campaign, not as a tragedy, nor as a mistake, but as a great human effort, which came, more than once, very near to triumph, achieved the impossible many times, and failed, in the end, as many great deeds of arms have failed, from something which had nothing to do with arms nor with the men who bore them.
that the effort failed is not against it; much that is most splendid in military history failed, many great things and noble men have failed.
to myself, this failure is the second grand event of the war; the first was belgium's answer to the german ultimatum.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
what is the primary function of a successful novel?
the conservatism of the american college student.
mr. roosevelt's career as an index of the american character.
possibilities for the small farmer in america.
then show how the purpose might be affected by the different sets of readers as they are indicated in the subheadings.
for a woman who eagerly desires woman suffrage.
for a refined but narrow aristocrat, descendant of an old family.
c. for an agitating member of the i.w.w.
the value of courses in literature for the technical student.
for a white-haired, kindly old professor of greek, who resents the intrusion of science and labor.
for a woman who cannot understand why her husband wants to be always going on silly fishing trips.
for a group of city men who are devotees of the sport.
for a man who resents the extra taxation that would be necessary to make one in his city.
for a prominent, public-spirited architect.
for a sniffy resident of another section.
c. for a person who has never thought of such a thing.
the ocean is properly defined by the shore; a continent or island is defined by its coastline: shores set limits to the ocean; coastlines bound the island or continent.
you show on the map the pink or yellow or green space that is included within certain definite boundaries.
these boundaries set a limit to the extent of that country; in other words, they define it.
as soon as a traveler steps beyond the limit of that country, he is at once in another realm, has become identified with a quite different set of conditions and circumstances--he is, in fact, in a country that has a different definition from that of switzerland.
in the same way, when some one asks what truth is, or nickel steel, or a grand piano, or humanism, or art, or rotation of crops, or a rocking chair, or the forward pass, you attempt, in your reply, to set bounds to the thing in question, to restrict it, to fence it off, to state the line beyond which if it goes it ceases to be one thing and becomes another.
it is by no means always an easy task to find this line.
many a child has come to grief in his attempts to keep safely within the limits of truth and yet be close up to the realm of desirable falsehood.
likewise many witnesses in court have been beguiled or browbeaten into crossing the line without knowing that they were getting into the country of the enemy.
but though the quest for the line may be difficult, a true definition must set off the thing being defined from other things, must set bounds to it, enclose it within its limits, show its extent.
since the purpose of definition is to limit the thing defined, the practical value of the first step is at once apparent.
the most helpful thing in the world that you can do for him is to cleave away with one stroke everything else in the world but music--absolute exclusion of all other human interests--and place ragtime in that comparatively narrow field.
however many qualities you may attribute to ragtime,--whether you call it inspiring, invigorating, pleasing, detestable, or what not,--you are making at best only slow progress toward defining, really limiting ragtime.
the number of pleasing things, for example, is so endless, and the things are so diverse in character that your listener is almost as ignorant after such a quality has been attributed as he was before.
but the moment that you limit ragtime to music you scatter untold clouds of doubt and place the inquirer in the comfortable position of having a fairly large working knowledge.
what is left for the inquirer to do is merely to distinguish ragtime from other kinds of music--after all, a rather simple task.
likewise in any definition, such as that of rotation of crops, the first necessity is to place the subject in its proper field, in this case agriculture; the grand piano in the class of musical instruments; the rocking chair in the class of furniture.
now sometimes the task of discovering to what class your subject belongs is difficult.
is a believer in unitarianism a christian?
he follows the ethical teachings of jesus but denies him any special divinity.
in this case obviously the question of classification will depend on the definition that we make of christianity.
is a man who serves the state in legislative or judicial capacity and at the same time writes novels to be called a statesman or a man of letters?
governments have fallen into difficulty with each other over such things as contraband of war, there being great doubt at times whether a particular thing is properly contraband or not.
ordinarily you will find slight difficulty in determining the class; but in every case you must patiently search until you have found some class into which your subject naturally fits.
until you have done this you obviously cannot set it apart from other members, because you will not really know what the other members are, you will be forced to run through the total list of human ideas and things.
first, then, however difficult, discover the class to which your subject belongs.
but we must go farther than this, for though originally designed as a labor-saving device, the clearing-house has expanded far beyond those limits, until it has become a medium for united action among the banks in ways that did not exist even in the imaginations of those who were instrumental in its inception.
a clearing-house, therefore, may be defined as a device to simplify and facilitate the daily exchange of items and settlements of balances among the banks, and a medium for united action upon all questions affecting their mutual welfare.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. appleton & co., new york city.
the second step in the logical process of definition is to show how the subject for definition differs from other members of its class.
once i am told that the piano is a musical instrument i must next learn wherein it differs from the violin, the kettle-drum, and the english horn.
since the desire in this part of the process of defining is to set individuals apart, no mention will be made of qualities that are shared in common but only of those that are peculiar to the individual.
for convenience in keeping the list of differentia reasonably small, to avoid unwieldiness of definition, care must be exercised in choosing the class.
when a class which itself contains other possible classes is chosen, a long list of differentia will be necessary.
it is well, therefore, to choose a relatively small class to begin with.
such restriction of the class is advisable chiefly for purposes of economy of effort in discovering the differentia, and is usually accomplished, in expression, by preceding the class name with a limiting adjective or by using a limiting phrase.
this adjective or this phrase is likely to be the expression of differentia among smaller classes, the differentia among individual members being stated more at length later in the definition.
the process of definition will be complete, then, when the subject of definition has been assigned to a class, which for convenience should be relatively small, and the qualities that distinguish the subject from other members of the class have been found.
the two main classes of definitions two main classes of definition exist: first, the rigidly logical, scientific kind such as is found in dictionaries, textbooks, and other such writings which are not concerned with emotional values; and second, the less rigid, more expanded, more informal kind which aims to please as well as to instruct, and which is found in essays and all forms of writing with a strong human appeal.
the two kinds are alike in the presence of both genus and differentia; they differ chiefly in the presence, in the less formal, of the qualities of pleasingness and stimulation as opposed to the quality, in the formal, of scientific impersonality, cold intellectuality.
by courtesy of the publishers, little, brown & co., boston.
the war correspondent is a newspaper man assigned to cover a campaign.
he is a special correspondent commissioned to collect intelligence and transmit it from the camp and the battle ground.
a non-combatant, he mingles freely with men whose business it is to fight.
he may be ten thousand miles from the home office, but he finds competition as keen as ever it is in fleet street or newspaper row.
he is engaged in the most dramatic department of a profession whose infinite variety is equalled only by its fascination.
if he becomes a professional rather than an occasional correspondent, wandering will be his business and adventure his daily fare.
mr. a. g. hales is of the opinion that the newspaper man who is chosen as a war correspondent has won the victoria cross of journalism.
for the making of a first-rate war correspondent there are required all the qualifications of a capable reporter in any other branch of the profession, and others besides.
perhaps it is true that the regular hack work of the ordinary newspaper man is the best training for the scribe of war.
the men who had reported fires and train wrecks in american cities proved themselves able to describe vigorously and clearly the campaign in cuba.
william howard russell had been doing a great variety of descriptive writing before he was sent to the crimea.
the prime requisites for a satisfactory war correspondent are those fundamental to success in any kind of newspaper work, the ability to see straight, to write vividly and accurately, and to get a story on the wire.
occasionally a brilliant workman appears from nowhere, the happy possessor of an almost uncanny intuition of movements and purposes.
but forbes, no less than the average special, had to have the physical capacity to march with the private soldier, to ride a hundred miles at a clip at top speed over rough country, to sleep in the open, to stand the heat of the desert and the cold of the mountain height, to endure hunger and thirst and all the deprivations of a hard campaign.
every correspondent at times must keep going until his strength is utterly spent.
he must have the tenacity which does not yield to exhaustion until his messages are written and on the way to his paper.
when the soldier ceases fighting, the correspondent's work is only begun.
he needs also to have a degree of familiarity with the affairs of the present and the history of the past which will secure him the respect of the officers with whom he may associate.
along with the courage of the scout he should possess the suavity and tact of the diplomat, for he will have to get along with men of all types, and occasionally, indeed, his own influence may overlap into the field of international diplomacy.
of the two kinds of definition--formal and informal--you will more often have occasion to write the second.
you must guard against the danger, in such writing, of allowing the interest to cloud the truth, of being led into inaccurate partial statements by your desire to please.
at the root of every good definition is still the accurate statement of genus and differentia.
it is chiefly of the second kind that we shall treat here.
if you can write a definition that is pleasing and stimulating and also accurate, you can always boil it down into the more bald formal statement such as the dictionary offers.
whatever powers of grace or neatness in expression you possess, whatever powers of saying things in a pleasing manner, it is your privilege to employ in the writing of definitions.
general cautions for the sake of clearness and general effectiveness a few cautions need to be made.
in the first place, be sure to exclude everything from your definition that does not properly belong in it.
for example, if you define the aeroplane as a machine that journeys through the air under its own power, you include dirigible balloons, which are not aeroplanes.
you must introduce both the characteristics of being heavier than air and of having a plane or planes before your definition can stand.
you will make this exclusion by choosing both class and differentia with the greatest care.
in the second place, include everything that does properly belong in the definition.
if you define a bridge as a roadway over a stream, either resting on piers or hanging on cables strung over towers, you exclude pontoon bridges certainly, and all bridges across dry chasms, if not other kinds.
not until you include all varieties of things crossed and all the methods of support and the various materials used will your definition be sound and complete.
this does not mean that you will have to make an endless list of all possible forms, but that you will make a comprehensive statement which will allow of being distributed over all the different forms and kinds of bridges.
in the third place, use simple and familiar diction.
since the first purpose of a definition is to explain, one that is obscure or difficult makes confusion worse confounded.
remember that the gettysburg address and many of shakespeare's sonnets are largely in words of one syllable.
and then do not be afraid that you will be understood; the fire is always presumably somewhat more uncomfortable than the frying-pan.
in the fourth place, do not use the term that you are defining, or any derivative of it.
it is good; yea, indeed, it is: good phrases are surely, and ever were, very commendable.
it comes of accommodo: very good; a good phrase.
by this good day, i know not the phrase; but i will maintain the word with my sword to be a soldier-like word, and a word of exceeding good command, by heaven.
accommodated; that is, when a man is, as they say, accommodated; or when a man is, being, whereby 'a may be thought to be accommodated; which is an excellent thing.
any amount of however interesting comment that fails to accomplish the two necessities of definition, statement of the genus and the differentia, is futile; it is not definition.
this temptation, like the former one, will be overcome if you take the trouble to phrase the actual material of your definition in one sentence that really includes both genus and differentia.
finally, do not make your definition too mechanical, too much lacking in real life.
thinking of how you must deal with genus and differentia, you are liable to be overwhelmed with the grim duty of being logical, and to forget that you should also be human, that people read definitions, as other kinds of writing, in the double hope of information and pleasure.
no real antagonism exists between logic of the strictest kind and pleasurable presentation, as is proved by the examples quoted during the course of this chapter and at the end.
while you remember your subject, remember also your reader; then you will be unlikely to make a dull definition.
methods of defining you may use various methods of defining.
sometimes you will choose only one, and sometimes you will combine.
there is no special virtue in one method more than another except as sometimes one happens to be more useful for a given case, as we shall see.
in selecting your method, then, select on the basis of practical workability for the effect that you desire to create, adhering to one or using several as seems most effective.
the great usefulness of this method lies in the stimulating quality that the concrete example always has.
in every one of these cases the quality under definition is presented in an easily grasped, concrete form that has the great advantage of human interest, of stimulating the reader's thought.
that using such a method is natural is apparent as soon as we remember that we think largely in concrete forms, specific cases.
that it is rather easy is obvious, because so many instances are always at hand to be used.
the danger in this method is that the example chosen will not be entirely fair.
such lack of fairness may occur if the example covers too little ground of the definition or if it too highly accentuates one phase of the subject of definition.
if, for instance, you cite the example of the man who gave away his only pair of shoes, as an example of generosity, you may run the risk of making the reader think that nothing but an extreme act has the real stamp of the generous giver, or that generosity is expressed only in material ways, forgetting that it is generous to acknowledge a fault or to overlook unintended affront.
to avoid this danger be sure that your example is fair and sufficiently comprehensive, and if it is not, choose other examples to add to it until you are convinced of the all-round fitness of your definition.
blackberries hanging thick upon the hedge bring to my memory something of long ago.
i had somehow escaped into the country and on a long walk began to feel mid-day hunger.
the wayside brambles were fruiting; i picked and ate, and ate on, until i had come within sight of an inn where i might have made a good meal.
but my hunger was satisfied; i had no need of anything more, and, as i thought of it, a strange feeling of surprise, a sort of bewilderment, came upon me.
it struck me as an extraordinary thing.
at that time, my ceaseless preoccupation was how to obtain money to keep myself alive.
many a day i had suffered hunger because i durst not spend the few coins i possessed; the food i could buy was in any case unsatisfactory, unvaried.
but here nature had given me a feast, which seemed delicious, and i had eaten all i wanted.
the wonder held me for a long time, and to this day i can recall it, understand it.
i think there could be no better illustration of what it means to be poor in a great town.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
* * * * * in business, as a rule, a man must make what he gets and something over into the bargain.
i have known a man to be employed by a firm of underwriters to interview would-be insurers.
his sole business was to talk to them and decide whether to insure or not.
other men have an eye for contracts or whatnot, or are born captains of industry, in which cases they go into business on their own account, and make ten, twenty, or two hundred per cent where you or i would lose five.
or, to turn back a moment from the giants to the minnows, take the case of a woman with the knack of cutting out a dress.
she gets six guineas a week instead of eighteen shillings.
or she has perhaps a ladylike air and a figure on which a mantle looks well.
for these she can get several guineas a week merely by standing in a show-room letting mantles be tried on her before customers.
all these people are renters of ability; and their ability is inseparable from them and dies with them.
by courtesy of the publishers, john lane company, new york city.
the first year's interest and payment on the principal are taken as the amount to be paid annually.
for the sake of simplicity, let us suppose that payments are made annually.
now, this system of payment and method of reducing the debt continues until the mortgage has been lifted by a gradual process.
thus, while the annual payments are always the same, the amount of interest is always decreasing and the amount of the payments on the debt is always increasing.
consequently, the mortgage is paid off in ten to forty years according to the rate of payment on the loan that the debtor himself elects to pay when the contract is made.
this is the simple principle of amortization, and it is recognized in europe as the safest, easiest, and best method of reducing land-mortgage indebtedness hitherto conceived and put into practice.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
if, then, you have a subject that is abstract and perhaps difficult to understand in abstract explanation; if you wish, to stimulate your readers and make their reading pleasant; if, for any reason, you wish to write informally, then you may well decide to employ the useful, natural, and easy method of definition by illustration.
the value of this method lies in its liveliness and the ease with which it makes an idea comprehended.
the liveliness derives largely from the usual presence of specific facts or things with which the subject of definition is compared or to which it is contrasted, and from the imaginative stimulus that perception of similarity in function creates.
the ease of comprehension is due largely to employing the method of proceeding from the known to the unknown in that comparison is usually made to things already familiar.
if contrast is used, there is the added interest of dramatic presentation found especially in oratorical definitions.
liveliness and ease in comprehension make this method a valuable one in addressing a popular or an unlearned body of readers; it presents the truth and it enlists interest.
in the following examples you will not be aware of dramatic quality in the first but you will find picturesque qualities in both.
lord cromer describes a responsible statesman in a democracy as very much in the position of a man in a boat off the mouth of a tidal river.
he long has to strive against wind and current until finally a favorable conjunction of weather and tide forms a wave upon which he rides safely into the harbor.
there is an essential truth in this which no man attempting to play the part of leader in a democracy can forget except at his peril.
government by public opinion is bound to get a sufficient body of public opinion on its side.
but withal it is manifestly the duty of a leader to help form a just public opinion.
he must dare to be temporarily unpopular, if only in that way he can get a temporary hearing for the truths which the people ought to have presented to them.
he is to execute the popular will, but he is not to neglect shaping it.
it is his duty to be properly receptive, but his main striving ought to be that virtue should go out of him to touch and quicken the masses of his citizens.
if their minds and imaginations are played upon with sufficient persistence and sufficient skill, they will give him back his own ideas with enthusiasm.
a man who throws a ball against a wall gets it back again as if hurled by the dead brick and mortar; but the original impulse is in his own muscle.
so a democratic leader may say, if he chooses, that he takes only what is pressed upon him by the people; but his function is often first to press it upon them.
* * * * * the quack novel is a thing which looks like a book, and which is compounded, advertised, and marketed in precisely the same fashion as castoria, wine of cardui, alcola, mrs. summers's free-to-you-my-sister harmless headache remedy, viavi tablettes, and other patent medicines, harmful and harmless.
as the patent medicine is made of perfectly well-known drugs, so the quack novel of course contains perfectly familiar elements, and like the medicine, it comes wrapped in superlative testimonials from those who say they have swallowed it to their advantage.
similar to that aroma of piety and charity which accompanies the quack medicines, an equally perceptible odor of sanctity is wafted to us with mr. wright; and just as imitators will make their boxes and bottles to resemble those of an already successful trade article, so are mr. wright's volumes given that red cloth and gold lettering which we have come to associate with the bindings of mr. winston churchill's very popular and agreeable novels.
lastly--like the quack medicines--the quack novel is (mostly) harmful; not always because it is poisonous (though this occurs), but because it pretends to be literature and is taken for literature by the millions who swallow it year after year as their chief mental nourishment, and whose brains it saps and dilutes.
in short, both these shams--the book and the medicine--win and bamboozle their public through methods almost identical.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company, boston.
for complete truth you need to present both resemblance and difference.
this necessity is apparent as soon as we remember that the differentia are of vital importance, that we understand the subject only when we see how it differs from other members of the same class.
when these differences are obvious, of course they need no mention.
the best method of procedure is to discover in each of the subjects compared the vital things, the heart without which it could not exist, and then to observe how these work out in the particulars of the subject.
switzerland is a nation, in spite of diversities of race, religion, and language.
england and scotland now form one nation, though they did not do so at the time of our civil war.
this is shown by cromwell's saying, in the height of the conflict, that he would rather be subject to the dominion of the royalists than to that of the scotch.
great britain was one state before it was one nation; on the other hand, germany was one nation before it was one state.
what constitutes a nation is a sentiment and an instinct--a sentiment of similarity and an instinct of belonging to the same group or herd.
the instinct is an extension of the instinct which constitutes a flock of sheep, or any other group of gregarious animals.
the sentiment which goes with this is like a milder and more extended form of family feeling.
when we return to england after having been on the continent, we feel something friendly in the familiar ways, and it is easy to believe that englishmen on the whole are virtuous while many foreigners are full of designing wickedness.
such feelings make it easy to organize a nation into a state.
it is not difficult, as a rule, to acquiesce in the orders of a national government.
we feel that it is our government, and that its decrees are more or less the same as those which we should have given if we ourselves had been the governors.
there is an instinctive, and usually unconscious, sense of a common purpose animating the members of a nation.
this becomes especially vivid when there is a war or a danger of war.
any one who, at such a time, stands out against the orders of his government feels an inner conflict quite different from any that he would feel in standing out against the orders of a foreign government, in whose power he might happen to find himself.
if he stands out, he does so with a more or less conscious hope that his government may in time come to think as he does; whereas, in standing out against a foreign government, no such hope is necessary.
this group instinct, however it may have arisen, is what constitutes a nation, and what makes it important that the boundaries of nations should also be the boundaries of states.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company, boston.
this method differs from analysis, perhaps, in that it treats the subject throughout as a unit rather than as a congregation of parts.
these qualities may be, also, the uses to which the subject can be put, as in defining a tool or a machine.
the method consists in establishing the genus and then, from a mental map of the subject, selecting the various parts that constitute the whole, whether these parts be of physical extent, as in defining the united states by giving the various sections of the country, or of spiritual significance, as in defining an honest man by stating the qualities that he should possess.
one danger from this method is lack of completeness; great practical value attaches here to the caution to be sure that the definition includes all that properly belongs under it.
the caution against this danger in general must be remembered.
properly used, this method, though it is sometimes rather formal, should result in great clearness through completeness of definition.
a classic is an author who has enriched the human mind, who has really added to its treasure, who has got it to take a step further; who has discovered some unequivocal moral truth, or penetrated to some eternal passion, in that heart of man where it seemed as though all were known and explored, who has produced his thought, or his observation, or his invention, under some form, no matter what, so it be large, great, acute, and reasonable, sane and beautiful in itself; who has spoken to all in a style of his own, yet a style which finds itself the style of everybody,--in a style that is at once new and antique, and is the contemporary of all ages.
* * * * * the moral atmosphere of the office was ideal.
i mean more in the extended and not alone in our specific english sense, though in the latter it was even perhaps more marked.
there was not only no temporizing, compromising, compounding with candor, in either major matters or trifling; there was no partiality or ingenuity or bland indifference by which the devil may be, and so often is, whipped round the stump.
of course he might assert that this was only a way of saying that the paper made extraordinary claims which in his estimation it failed to justify; but this was verbiage, the fact being as i have stated it.
but i also mean by moral atmosphere the peace, the serenity, the gentleness, the self-respect, the feeling of character, that pervaded the office.
mr. garrison shared the first editorial room with me.
the publication offices were in front, occupied by the amiable mr. st. john and his staff, which included a gentle and aristocratic colored bookkeeper who resembled an east indian philosopher--plainly a garrisonian protg.
the silence i especially remember as delightful, and i never felt from the first the slightest constraint; mr. garrison had the courtesy that goes with active considerateness.
of course, there were visitors, contributors and candid friends, but mainly we worked in almost quakerish tranquillity five days in the week during my incumbency.
the value of this method lies in its feeling of absolute sureness in the reader's mind: once completed, the definition seems quite settled, quite tamped down, quite clinched.
it is a difficult method to employ, for the writer is in great danger of saying exactly the same thing again and again, forgetting to assume different points of view.
from such a definition tediousness is of course the result.
the subjects treated by this method are likely to be abstract matters upon which light is shed from various angles, as if one poured spot lights from all sides upon some object which remains the same but which delivers up all its phases.
emerson often used this method, as in the following example where both the method of repetition and that of comparison are used: the two parties which divide the state, the party of conservatism and that of innovation, are very old, and have disputed the possession of the world ever since it was made....
it is the counteraction of the centripetal and the centrifugal forces.
innovation is the salient energy; conservatism the pause on the last movement.
there is always a certain meanness in the argument of conservatism, joined with a certain superiority in its fact.
its fingers clutch the fact, and it will not open its eyes to see a better fact.
the castle which conservatism is set to defend is the actual state of things, good and bad.
the project of innovation is the best possible state of things.
of course conservatism always has the worst of the argument, is always apologizing, pleading a necessity, pleading that to change would be to deteriorate: it must saddle itself with the mountainous load of the violence and vice of society, must deny the possibility of good, deny ideas, and suspect and stone the prophet; whilst innovation is always in the right, triumphant, attacking, and sure of final success.
conservatism stands on man's confessed limitations, reform on his indisputable infinitude; conservatism on circumstance, liberalism on power; one goes to make an adroit member of the social frame, the other to postpone all things to the man himself; conservatism is debonair and social, reform is individual and imperious.
we are reformers in the spring and summer, in autumn and winter we stand by the old; reformers in the morning, conservers at night.
reform is affirmative, conservatism negative; conservatism goes for comfort, reform for truth.
conservatism is more candid to behold another's worth; reform more disposed to maintain and increase its own.
conservatism makes no poetry, breathes no prayer, has no invention; it is all memory.
reform has no gratitude, no prudence, no husbandry.
it makes a great difference to your figure and your thought whether your foot is advancing or receding.
conservatism never puts the foot forward; in the hour when it does that, it is not establishment, but reform.
conservatism tends to universal seeming and treachery, believes in a negative fate; believes that men's temper governs them; that for me it avails not to trust in principles, they will fail me, i must bend a little; it distrusts nature; it thinks there is a general law without a particular application,--law for all that does not include any one.
reform in its antagonism inclines to asinine resistance, to kick with hoofs; it runs to egotism and bloated self-conceit; it runs to a bodiless pretension, to unnatural refining and elevation which ends in hypocrisy and sensual reaction.
and so, while we do not go beyond general statements, it may be safely affirmed of these two metaphysical antagonists, that each is a good half but an impossible whole.
each exposes the abuses of the other, but in a true society, in a true man, both must combine.
the first is the method of elimination, that is, the method of defining a thing by telling what it is not, by eliminating all things with which it might become confused.
this method is of great value in defining an idea which is often considered to mean what it actually does not.
by shutting out the erroneous interpretations, one by one, the errors are finally disposed of.
this method is most effective when not only are the wrong interpretations excluded, but the correct idea, interpretation, is positively stated at some point.
if this is not done there lingers in the reader's mind a taint of suspicion that either the author did not know exactly the correct meaning, or that the subject is really too difficult to bear real definition.
and with a reader who does not think clearly in original ways a positive statement is almost essential lest he be unable to tell what the subject really is, after all, being unable to supply the residue after the process of elimination has been completed.
following this method mr. cross defines socialism by showing that it is not anarchy, is not single tax, is not communism, and is not other systems with which it is often confused.
the result is to leave socialism standing out by itself with clearness.
in the following definition of college spirit the author has followed the method of elimination to clear away the haze that in many minds surrounds the subject: college spirit is like ancestry: we are all supposed to have it, but few of us know intimately what it is.
and if by deeds, by what kind of action shall their loyalty be determined?
in the first place, college spirit is not mere voice culture.
the man who yells until his face is purple and his throat is a candidate for the rest cure is not necessarily displaying college spirit--though he may possess it.
yelling is not excluded; it is merely denied the first place.
for, to parody shakespeare, a man can yell and yell and still be a college slacker.
cheering, indiscriminate noise making, even singing the college song with gusto at athletic games--none of these will stamp a man as necessarily loyal.
for this exhibition, also, is largely selfish.
all these harmless things are excluded because they are primarily selfish, and college spirit is primarily opposed to selfishness.
true college spirit is found in the man whose heart has warmed to the love of his college, whose eyes have caught the vision of the ideals that the college possesses, whose brain has thought over and understood these ideals until they have become very fibre of his being.
this man will yell not for the selfish pleasure of wallowing in sentimentality, but for the solid glory of his college; will run and leap, will edit the paper with the desire to make and keep the college in the front rank of athletic, social, and intellectual life; will study hard that the college may not be disgraced through him; will conduct himself like a gentleman that no one may sneer at the institution which has sponsored him; will resent any slurs upon the fair name of the college; will be willing to sacrifice himself, his own personal glory, for the sake of the college; will be willing to give of his money and his time until, perhaps, it hurts.
and above all, he will never forget the gleam of idealism that he received in the old halls, the vision of his chance to serve his fellows.
the man who does these things, who thinks these things, has true college spirit.
if we can be made to see what forces went to the making of anything, or what has resulted from it, we shall have a fairly clear idea of the nature of the thing.
the writer of a definition after this method needs to take care that when he has shown the various causes or effects, he surely binds them somehow together and vitally to the subject of definition.
there must be no dim feeling in the mind of the reader that, after all, the subject is not yet clearly limned, not yet set off from other things.
the definition which follows makes clear the origin of the mechanical engineer, and by showing what he does, what need there was for him, what lack he fills, makes clear what he is.
the period of systematic and scientific power development is coincident with the true progress of the most basal of the several branches of natural philosophy, chemistry, physics, mechanics, thermodynamics, and the theory of elasticity of materials of construction; and there is no doubt that the steam engine, which was designed and built by workmen before these were formulated, attracted the attention of philosophers who, in attempting to explain what took place in it, created a related body of principles by which future development was guided, and which are now the fundamental bases for the design of the future.
those men who became familiar with the natural sciences, and also with the shop methods of making machinery, and who brought both to bear on the problem of the production of machinery for specified conditions, combining the special knowledge of the scientist and the shop mechanic, were the first mechanical engineers; and the profession of mechanical engineering, which is the term applied to this sort of business, was created out of the efforts to improve power systems, so as to make them more efficient and adapted to all classes of service, and to render that service for the least cost.
by courtesy of the publishers, the columbia university press.
emerson makes a definition of the civilization of america in the following selection wherein he describes the effect of american society and life upon the individual.
the true test of civilization is, not the crops, not the size of cities, not the census,--no, but the kind of man the country turns out.
i see the vast advantages of this country, spanning the breadth of the temperate zone.
i see the immense material prosperity,--towns on towns, states on states, and wealth piled in the massive architecture of cities: california quartz, mountains dumped down in new york to be repiled architecturally alongshore from canada to cuba, and thence westward to california again.
but it is not new york streets, built by the confluence of workmen and wealth of all nations, though stretching out toward philadelphia until they touch it, and northward until they touch new haven, hartford, springfield, worcester, and boston,--not these that make the real estimation.
but when i look over this constellation of cities which animate and illustrate the land, and see how little the government has to do with their daily life, how self-helped and self-directed all families are,--knots of men in purely natural societies, societies of trade, of kindred blood, of habitual hospitality, house and house, man acting on man by weight of opinion, of longer or better-directed industry; the refining influence of women, the invitation which experience and permanent causes open to youth and labor: when i see how much each virtuous and gifted person whom all men consider, lives affectionately with scores of people who are not known far from home, and perhaps with greatest reason reckons these people his superiors in virtue and in the symmetry and force of their qualities,--i see what cubic values america has, and in these a better certificate of civilization than great cities or enormous wealth.
these, then, are the various methods that are in common use.
the list might be extended, but perhaps enough varieties have been discussed to be of practical value.
the choice of method will depend on the result that the writer wishes to accomplish; at times he will wish to please the reader's fancy with an illustration, and again he may wish to contrast the subject to something else.
if at any time more methods than one are useful, there is not the slightest objection to combining; in fact, most definitions of any length will be found to have more than one method employed.
remember that the methods were made for you, not you for the methods.
and so long as you make your subject clear, so long as you set it off by itself in a class, distinct from other members of the class, you can be sure of the value of your definition.
the temperance movement (sentimental crusade; sensible campaign for efficiency).
incantation (means of salvation; curiosity).
household science (drudgery; occupation).
aristocracy (through physical strength; through birth; through property).
the presidency of the united states (as changed by mr. wilson's procedure with congress).
the theater (under puritan and cavalier).
electricity (curiosity; fearsome thing; utility).
of course any one of these ten subjects can be defined with a changeless genus, but such a genus is likely to be in the realm of the abstract, pretty thoroughly divorced from practical life.
compare the definitions of the following which you find in the century dictionary, the standard dictionary, the webster's new international dictionary and the new english dictionary; find the common elements, and make a definition of your own.
v. look up the definitions of the following terms and estimate the resulting amount of increase in your knowledge of the subject which includes the terms.
what would you say, as the result of this investigation, about the value of definitions?
are the two statements which follow definitions?
what would be the effect of the use of definitions of this type in argument?
write a defining theme with such a definition as its nucleus, and test its value.
how would you criticize them in general?
write a theme using the differentia noted, and trying to catch in the theme the spirit that is shown in the lists.
high-lowbrow: musical comedy, euchre, baseball, moving pictures, small steak medium, whiskey, robert w. chambers, purple socks, chewing gum with friends.
lowbrow: laura jean libbey, ham sandwich, haven't came, pitch, i and her, melodrama, hair oil, the duchess, beer, george m. cohan, red flannels, toothpicks, bathhouse john, chewing gum in public.
what is the value of having the heart of the definition stated before the theme is begun?
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
the worthy artist or craftsman is he who serves the physical and moral senses by feeding them with pictures, musical compositions, pleasant houses and gardens, good clothes and fine implements, poems, fictions, essays, and dramas which call the heightened senses and ennobled faculties into pleasurable activity.
the great artist is he who goes a step beyond the demand, and, by supplying works of a higher beauty and a higher interest than have yet been perceived, succeeds, after a brief struggle with its strangeness, in adding this fresh extension of sense to the heritage of the race.
in view of the fact that gissing uses so slight an illustration to fix his ideal, what makes the definition valuable?
compare the value of this definition with another of the same subject such as you might find in a text on sociology or economics.
what necessity in employing this method does your answer to the preceding question indicate?
what is the chief value of the following selection as a real definition?
which is of greater value, this selection or the kind of definition that would be found in a text on geography?
between the seine and the rhine lay once a beautiful land wherein more history was made, and recorded in old monuments full of grace and grandeur and fancy, than in almost any other region of the world.
the old names were best, for each aroused memory and begot strange dreams: flanders, brabant, the palatinate; picardy, valois, champagne, franche-comt; artois, burgundy, and bar.
and the town names ring with the same sonorous melody, evoking the ghosts of a great and indelible past: bruges, ghent, louvain, and lige; aix-la-chapelle, coblenz, and trves; ypres and lille, tournai and fontenoy, arras and malplaquet; laon, nancy, verdun, and varennes; amiens, soissons, and reims.
csar, charlemagne, st. louis, napoleon, with proconsuls, paladins, crusaders, and marshals unnumbered; kings, prince-bishops, monks, knights, and aureoled saints take form and shape again at the clang of the splendid names.
it is not a large land, this heart of europe; three hundred and fifty miles, perhaps, from the alps to the sea, and not more than two hundred and fifty from the seine at paris to the rhine at cologne; half the size, shall we say, of texas; but what europe was for the thousand years following the fall of rome, this little country--or the men that made it great--was responsible.
add the rest of normandy, and the spiritual energy of the holy see, and with a varying and sometimes negligible influence from the teutonic lands beyond the rhine, and you have the mainsprings of medivalism, even though for its full manifestation you must take into account the men in the far countries of the italian peninsula and the iberian, in france and england, bavaria, saxony, bohemia.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
a sale of personal property is the transfer of its general ownership from one person to another for a price in money.
it is almost always the result of a contract between the seller and the buyer.
the business transaction most nearly resembling a sale is that of barter, or the transfer of one article of personal property for another, as when a and b trade horses, or wagons, or oats, or cows.
it differs from a sale only in this, that the consideration for each transfer is the counter-transfer of a chattel instead of money.
next to barter in its likeness to sale is a mortgage of personal property, usually called a chattel mortgage.
this, in form, is a sale, but it contains a proviso that if the mortgagor pays a certain amount of money, or does some other act, at a stipulated time, the sale shall be void.
even though the mortgagor does not perform the act promised at the agreed time, he still has the right to redeem the property from the mortgage by paying his debt with interest.
in other words, a chattel mortgage does not transfer general ownership, or absolute property in the chattels, while a sale does.
the former is the transfer of title to goods, the latter of their possession.
a bailee undertakes to restore to the bailor the very thing bailed, although it may be in a changed form, while the buyer is to pay money to the seller for the subject-matter of their contract.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. appleton & co., new york city.
the familiar distinction between the poetic and the scientific temper is another way of stating the same difference.
the one fuses or crystallizes external objects and circumstances in the medium of human feeling and passion; the other is concerned with the relations of objects and circumstances among themselves, including in them all the facts of human consciousness, and with the discovery and classification of these relations.
there is, too, a corresponding distinction between the aspects which conduct, character, social movement, and the objects of nature are able to present, according as we scrutinize them with a view to exactitude of knowledge, or are stirred by some appeal which they make to our various faculties and forms of sensibility, our tenderness, sympathy, awe, terror, love of beauty, and all the other emotions in this momentous catalogue.
the starry heavens have one side for the astronomer, as astronomer, and another for the poet, as poet.
the nightingale, the skylark, the cuckoo, move one sort of interest in an ornithologist, and a very different sort in a shelley or a wordsworth.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
architecture and architectural engineering.
is the following selection properly a definition by the method of comparison?
are the general statements that serve as background true?
in how far does the whole selection depend for its validity upon the truth of these general statements?
there is a difference between boys and men, but it is a difference of self-knowledge chiefly.
a boy wants to do everything because he does not know he cannot; a man wants to do something because he knows he cannot do everything; a boy always fails, and a man sometimes succeeds because the man knows and the boy does not know.
a man is better than a boy because he knows better; he has learned by experience that what is a harm to others is a greater harm to himself, and he would rather not do it.
but a boy hardly knows what harm is, and he does it mostly without realizing that it hurts.
he cannot invent anything, he can only imitate; and it is easier to imitate evil than good.
you can imitate war, but how are you going to imitate peace?
so a boy passes his leisure in contriving mischief.
if you get another fellow to walk into a wasp's camp, you can see him jump and hear him howl, but if you do not, then nothing at all happens.
if you set a dog to chase a cat up a tree, then something has been done; but if you do not set the dog on the cat, then the cat just lies in the sun and sleeps and you lose your time.
if a boy could find out some way of doing good, so that he could be active in it, very likely he would want to do good now and then; but as he cannot, he very seldom wants to do good.
by courtesy of the publishers, harper & brothers, new york city.
would the definition be more effective if written in a more formal style?
the scholarly atmosphere of a university.
the business atmosphere of the stock exchange.
the inhuman atmosphere of an ordinary criminal court.
the human atmosphere of a reunion (of a class, a family, a group of friends).
the majestic atmosphere of niagara falls.
the beautiful atmosphere of a pond of skaters.
the {overpowering} atmosphere of a steel mill.
define honor as taught in a college and honor as taught in the business world.
write a report on the state of honor in your college or university such as washington or lincoln would have written after investigating conditions in the student politics of the institution, or conditions in examinations and quizzes.
honor, perhaps because it is associated in the public mind with old ideas of dueling and paying gambling debts, and in general with the habits, good and bad, of a privileged class, is not in high repute with a modern industrial community, where bankruptcy laws, the letter of the statute book, the current morality of an easy-going, good-natured, success-loving people, mark out a smoother path.
but the business of a college is not to fit a boy for the world, but to fit him to mould the world to his ideal.
honor is not necessarily old-fashioned and antiquated; it will adapt itself to the present and to the future.
if it is arbitrary, or at least has an arbitrary element, so are most codes of law.
if honor belongs to a privileged class, it is because it makes a privileged class; a body of men whose privilege it is to speak out in the scorn of consequence, to keep an oath to their own hurt, to remain loyal to unpopular causes and painful truths, to maintain faith even with the devil, and not swerve for rewards, prizes, popularity, or any of the blandishments of success.
because it is arbitrary, because it has rules, it needs to be taught.
honor is taught by the companionship, the standards, the ideals, the talk, the actions of honorable men; it is taught by honoring honorable failure and turning the back on all manner of dishonorable success.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
are the following statements true definitions?
wherein does their worth consist?
what causes any weakness that they may have?
life is one long process of getting tired.
life is the distribution of an error--or errors.
life is eight parts cards and two parts play; the unseen world is made manifest to us in the play.
life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
the body is but a pair of pincers set over a bellows and a stewpan and the whole fixed upon stilts.
morality is the custom of one's country and the current feeling of one's peers.
cannibalism is moral in a cannibal country.
heaven is the work of the best and kindest men and women.
hell is the work of prigs, pedants and professional truth-tellers.
the world is an attempt to make the best of both.
going to your doctor is having such a row with your cells that you refer them to your solicitor.
sometimes you, as it were, strike against them and stop their food, when they go on strike against yourself.
sometimes you file a bill in chancery against them and go to bed.
there is another sort of artificial superiority which also returns an artificial rent: the superiority of pure status.
if half-a-dozen men are cast adrift in a sailing-boat, they will need a captain.
it seems simple enough for them to choose the ablest man; but there may easily be no ablest man.
the whole six, or four out of the six, or two out of the six, may be apparently equally fit for the post.
in that case, the captain must be elected by lot; but the moment he assumes his authority, that authority makes him at once literally the ablest man in the boat.
he has the powers which the other five have given him for their own good.
napoleon gained the command of the french army because he was the ablest general in france.
but suppose every individual in the french army had been a napoleon also!
none the less a commander-in-chief, with his whole hierarchy of subalterns, would have had to be appointed--by lot if you like--and here, again, from the moment the lot was cast, the particular napoleon who drew the straw for the commander-in-chief would have been the great, the all-powerful napoleon, much more able than the napoleons who were corporals and privates.
after a year, the difference in ability between the men who had been doing nothing but sentry duty, under no strain of responsibility, and the man who had been commanding the army would have been enormous.
the gentleman, the lord, the king, all discharging social functions of which the laborer is incapable, are products as artificial as queen bees.
their superiority is produced by giving them a superior status, just as the inferiority of the laborer is produced by giving him an inferior status.
but the superior income which is the appanage of superior status is not rent of ability.
it is a payment made to a man to exercise normal ability, in an abnormal situation.
rent of ability is what a man gets by exercising abnormal ability in a normal situation.
by courtesy of the publishers, john lane company.
in the following selection how many definitions occur, or how many things are defined?
how many words do you have to look up in the dictionary before you understand the article?
could the author have made the subject clear in a sensible extent of space?
what would you say is the chief virtue of the selection?
for what kind of audience was the article written?
what was the author's controlling purpose?
name a novel, a poem, a building, a park, which is primarily a pattern-design.
name one which is not a pattern-design so much as a dramatic expression.
define: futurist painting, free verse, social morality, in relation to their preceding forms.
explain, through definition, the controversy between paganism and christianity, between monarchy and democracy, between classical education and industrial education, between party politics and independent politics, between established religion and non-conformist views.
music is like drawing, in that it can be purely decorative, or purely dramatic, or anything between the two.... you can compose a graceful, symmetrical sound-pattern that exists solely for the sake of its own grace and symmetry.
or you can compose music to heighten the expression of human emotion; and such music will be intensely affecting in the presence of that emotion, and utter nonsense apart from it.
for examples of pure pattern-designing in music i should have to go back to the old music of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth centuries ... designed to affect the hearer solely by its beauty of sound and grace and ingenuity of pattern; absolute music, represented to-day in the formal sonata and symphony....
the first modern dramatic composers accepted as binding the rules of good pattern-designing in sound; and this absurdity was made to appear practicable from the fact that mozart had such an extraordinary command of his art that his operas contain numbers which, though they seem to follow the dramatic play of emotion and character, without reference to any other consideration whatever, are seen, upon examining them from the point of view of the absolute musician, to be perfectly symmetrical sound-patterns....
even mozart himself broke away in all directions, and was violently attacked by his contemporaries for doing so, the accusations levelled at him being exactly those with which the opponents of wagner so often pester ourselves.
wagner completed the emancipation of the dramatic musician from these laws of pattern-designing; and we now have operas, and very good ones, too, written by composers not musicians in the old sense at all: that is, they are not pattern-designers; they do not compose music apart from drama.
the dramatic development also touched purely instrumental music.
liszt tried hard to extricate himself from pianoforte arabesques, and become a tone poet like his friend wagner.
he wanted his symphonic poems to express emotions and their development.
and he defined the emotion by connecting it with some known story, poem, or even picture: mazeppa, victor hugo's les preludes, kaulbach's die hunnenschlacht, or the like.
but the moment you try to make an instrumental composition follow a story, you are forced to abandon the decorative pattern forms, since all patterns consist of some form which is repeated over and over again, and which generally consists in itself of a repetition of two similar halves.
for example, if you take a playing-card (say the five of diamonds) as a simple example of pattern, you find not only that the diamond pattern is repeated five times, but that each established form of a symphony is essentially a pattern form involving just such symmetrical repetitions; and, since a story does not repeat itself, but pursues a continuous chain of fresh incident and correspondingly varied emotions, liszt invented the symphonic poem, a perfectly simple and fitting common-sense form for his purpose, and one which makes les preludes much plainer sailing for the ordinary hearer than mendelssohn's melusine overture or raff's lenore or im walde symphonies, in both of which the formal repetitions would stamp raff as a madman if we did not know that they were mere superstitions.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
in the first case you would examine the proposed route for its practicability, would estimate the grades to be reduced, would look into the question of drainage, would consider the possibility of landslides, would survey the quality of the road-bed: all with a view to making a complete report on the practicability of the route proposed.
in the other cases you would determine the conditions in general that you confronted, would answer the questions: what is the value of a hollow-tile silo?
why is this site suitable for a playground?
what is wrong with the finances of this club?
in every such case you would wish, first of all, to tell the truth.
of what use would your analysis be if you incorrectly estimated the drainage of the proposed railway route and the company had to expend thousands of dollars in fighting improper seepage?
unless the analysis was accurate, it would be useless or worse.
but suppose that you told the truth about the site for the playground, its central position, its wealth of shade, its proper soil conditions, and yet forgot to take into account the sluggish, noisome stream that flowed on one side of the plot and bred disease?
your report would be valueless because it would be, in a vital point, quite lacking.
for practical purposes it would therefore, of course, be untrue.
if you wish to write an analysis, then, your path is straight, and it leads between the two virtues of truth and thoroughness.
your catechism should be: have i hugged my fact close and told the truth about it?, and, have i really covered the ground?
the question of truth enters into every analysis; none may falsify.
completeness, on the other hand, is a more relative matter.
in the report of a tariff commission it is essential; all the ground must be covered.
in a thorough survey of beethoven's music no sonata or quartette may be omitted.
in determining the causes of an epidemic no clue is to be left unexamined until all possibilities have been exhausted.
there would seem, therefore, to be various degrees of completeness in analysis.
such thorough meeting of all demands might well occur in an analysis of trades-unions, or methods of heating houses, or such subjects.
now in these three points mr. more has not said all that he could say, in fact he has omitted many things that from some angle would be important, but he has said those things truthfully that are needed for a proper interpretation of the subject, for a sufficient illumination of it, for showing its spirit.
it is, therefore, a piece of informal analysis.
the two examples which follow illustrate formal and informal analysis, the first one classifying rock drills thoroughly, and the second very informally discussing some odds against shakespeare.
the last two classes are often interchangeable.
the smaller leyner rock terrier drill was brought out for stopping and driving; it could not, apparently, compete with machines of other classes.
cradle drills--leyner, leyner rock terrier, stephens imperial hammer drills and the kimber.
drills used only with air feed--gordon drill and the large sizes of the murphy, little wonder, and others.
drills used held in the hand or with air feed--murphy, flottman, cleveland, little wonder, shaw, hardy nipper, sinclair, sullivan, little jap, little imp, traylor, and others.
again, they may be divided into those that are valveless, with the differential piston or hammer itself acting as a valve.
the murphy, sinclair, little wonder, shaw, little imp, leyner rock terrier, and kimber drills belong to this class.
the large leyner drill is worked by a spool valve resembling that of the slugger drill; the flottman by a ball valve; the little jap by an axial valve; the gordon drill, by a spool valve set at one end of the cylinder at right angles to it; the waugh and sullivan drills by spool valves set in the same axial line as the cylinder; the hardy nipper, and the stephens imperial hammer drills by an air-moved slide-valve set midway on the side of the cylinder; the cleveland by a spool set towards the rear of the cylinder.
they may again be divided into those drills in which the piston hammer delivers its blow on the end of the steel itself.
a collar is placed on the drill to prevent its entering the cylinder.
the other class has an anvil block or striking pin.
this anvil block fits into the end of the cylinder between the piston and the steel.
it receives and transmits the blow, and also prevents the drill end from entering the cylinder.
by courtesy of the publishers, mcgraw-hill publishing company.
the effect of this on shakespeare's earlier verse, which is full of the nave delight of pure oscillation, to be enjoyed as an italian enjoys a barcarolle, or a child a swing, or a baby a rocking-cradle, is destructively stupid.
in the later plays, where the barcarolle measure has evolved into much more varied and complex rhythms, it does not matter so much, since the work is no longer simple enough for a fool to pick to pieces.
to our young people studying for the stage i say, with all solemnity, learn how to pronounce the english alphabet clearly and beautifully from some person who is at once an artist and a phonetic expert.
and then leave blank verse patiently alone until you have experienced emotion deep enough to crave for poetic expression, at which point verse will seem an absolutely natural and real form of speech to you.
meanwhile, if any pedant, with an uncultivated heart and a theoretic ear, proposes to teach you to recite, send instantly for the police.
archibald constable & co., ltd., london, publishers.
analyses are to be divided also upon the basis of whether the subject is an individual or a group of individuals, that is, whether the subject is, for example, the quality of patriotism, which is to be analyzed into its components, or, in the second place, shade trees, which are to be grouped into the classes which together constitute such trees.
the logical process is the same in the two cases, in that it divides the subject; the difference lies in the fact that in the first case the subject is always single, though it may of course be complicated, and in the second it is always plural, and may contain a very large number of individuals, as for example the human race--all the billions of all the ages gone and yet to come.
in this treatment of analysis you will find the main divisions made on the basis of formality and the matter of single or plural subject treated under each of the other headings.
formal analysis formal analysis, which requires completeness of division,--which is not well done until every individual case is accounted for, or, in partition, every quality or factor or part,--is found in reports to corporations, in estimates of conditions for some society, in government documents, in textbooks, and in other kinds of writing where detailed and complete information is necessary for judgment.
a report to the city of chicago on the subject of the smoke nuisance will be valuable largely as it entirely covers the ground, discovers all the conditions that the city has to face.
such a report will be primarily a partition of the question, though it may employ classification of various like situations or conditions.
likewise an account of the game birds of north america will be a formal analysis only if every kind of game bird is given a place in the account.
the object of formal classification and partition is to give information, to array facts completely.
the following classification of oriental rugs, which in its course also employs definition, or a close approach to it, will be finally sufficient only if no rug can be found which is not included within the classes named.
the partition of the character of queen elizabeth will be of lasting value as formal partition only if it really accounts for the total character of the subject.
that it makes only two main divisions is in no way indicative of its completeness; the question is merely, are all the qualities included under those two headings?
there are only six groups or families of oriental rugs, and less than fifty common kinds.
the novice can learn to distinguish the six families in sixty minutes.
he would confuse them occasionally on so short acquaintance, but a college examiner would give him a passing grade.
persian rugs are the rugs that are profusely decorated with a great variety of flowers, leaves, vines, and occasional birds and animals, woven free hand, with purely decorative intent.
india rugs are those in which flowers, leaves, vines, and occasional animals are woven as they appear in nature.
early indian weavers transcribed flowers to rugs as if they were botanists; modern indian weavers are copyists of persian patterns and their copies are plainly not originals.
in broad generalization, therefore, the two families of oriental rugs that are decorated almost exclusively with flowers have distinct styles that render their identification comparatively easy.
the turkoman and caucasian families of oriental rugs also pair off by themselves.
they are the rugs of almost pure geometric linear design.
turkoman rugs, comprising the products of turkestan, bokhara, afghanistan, and beluchistan, are red rugs with web or open ends, woven in the patterns of the kindergarten--squares, diamonds, octagons, etc.
that wild tribes should dye their wools in the shades of blood and weave the designs of childhood is fitting and logical.
caucasian rugs differ from turkoman rugs in being dyed in other colors than blood red, in omitting the apron ends, and in being more crowded, elaborate, and pretentious in geometric linear pattern.
the caucasian weaver's distinction as the oriental cartoonist, the expert in wooden men, women, and animals, is well deserved.
he holds the oriental rug patent on noah's ark designs.
chinese and turkish rugs pair off almost as logically as the other rug families, although they are totally unlike in appearance.
they contain both geometric linear and floral designs; the designs of the very early rugs of both groups generally are geometric, and the later ones floral.
chinese rugs can be recognized instantly by their colors, which are determined by their backgrounds, the reverse of the persian method, which is to make the design the principal color medium.
the chinese colors are probably best described as the lighter and softer colors of silk--dull yellows, rose, salmon red, browns, and tans, the design usually being blue.
the chinese were the original manufacturers and dyers of silk, and they applied their silk dyes to their rugs.
turkish rugs that are ornamented with flowers and leaves can be distinguished from persian and indian products by the ruler-drawn character of their patterns.
a keen observer describes them as quasi-botanical forms angularly treated.
turkish rugs that contain the patterns common to the caucasian and turkoman families can be recognized by their brighter, sharper, and more contrasting colors.
the key to the identification of this most difficult rug family is to be found in the turkish prayer rugs.
to know turkish rugs, one must see many of them; to know the other families one need see only a few.
reduced to a minimum statement, the identification of the six oriental rug families amounts to this: persian rugs--floral designs drawn free hand.
india rugs--floral designs photographed and copied.
turkoman rugs--geometric linear design, blood red, web ends.
caucasian rugs--geometric linear designs, numerous blended colors.
chinese rugs--floral and geometric linear designs, silk colors.
turkish rugs--floral designs, angular, ruled; and geometrical designs, bright contrasting colors.
to be able to identify an oriental rug as a particular kind of persian, indian, turkish, turkoman, caucasian or chinese weaving is somewhat more of an accomplishment.
the way to begin is to study first the rugs that have distinct or fairly constant characteristics.
take persian rugs, for example: bijar--rugs as thick as two or even three ordinary rugs.
fereghan--small leaf design, usually with green border.
gorevan or scrapi--huge medallions, strong reds and blues.
herat or ispahan--intricate, stately design on claret ground.
kashan--dark, rich, closely patterned, extremely finely woven.
khorassan--plum colored, small leaf design, long, soft, wool.
kurd--colored yarn run through the end web.
meshed--soft rose and blue with silver cast.
polonaise--delicately colored antique silk rug.
saraband--palm leaf or india shawl design on rose or blue ground.
sehna--closest woven small rug, minute pattern.
shiraz--limp rug, the sides overcast with yarns of various colors.
tabriz--reddish yellow, the design sometimes resembling a baseball diamond.
to extend this list would make wearisome reading.
let it suffice to indicate that many oriental rugs, like people, have marked facial distinctions, and that many others have marked peculiarities of body and finish, that make them easy to recognize.
ease of naming, however, ceases with distinct markings, and rugs that are out-and-out hybrids, the cross-bred products of wars, migrations, and trade, are not named, but attributed.
hybrid oriental rugs--the bane of the novice and the joy of the collector--are largely an epitome of the wars of asia.
of course the babylonians became interested in persian rugs and appropriated some of their patterns.
two hundred years later alexander the great invaded asia and conquered it, except the distant provinces of india and china.
the mohammedan arabs mastered the persians in the east and the spaniards in the west in the sixth century.
genghis khan, out of china with warriors as numerous as locusts, made a single nation of central asia in the thirteenth century; and tamerlane later made subject farther dominions.
the wonder is not, therefore, that chinese patterns are found in turkestan, persian, and turkish rugs; that persian patterns are found in indian, caucasian and turkish rugs; that turkish-mohammedan patterns reach from spain to china; and that european designs are found wherever oriental invention bent the knee to imitation.
the wonder is rather that there are so many oriental rugs with distinct or fairly constant characteristics.
by courtesy of the publishers, doubleday, page & co. * * * * * she was at once the daughter of henry and of anne boleyn.
from her father she inherited her frank and hearty address, her love of popularity and of free intercourse with the people, her dauntless courage and her amazing self-confidence.
her harsh, manlike voice, her impetuous will, her pride, her furious outbursts of anger, came to her with her tudor blood.
she rated great nobles as if they were school-boys; she met the insolence of essex with a box on the ear; she would break now and then into the gravest deliberations to swear at her ministers like a fishwife.
but strangely in contrast with the violent outlines of her tudor temper stood the sensuous, self-indulgent nature she derived from anne boleyn.
splendour and pleasure were with elizabeth the very air she breathed.
her delight was to move in perpetual progresses from castle to castle through a series of gorgeous pageants, fanciful and extravagant as a caliph's dream.
a happy retort or a finished compliment never failed to win her favour.
her vanity remained, even to old age, the vanity of a coquette in her teens.
no adulation was too fulsome for her, no flattery of her beauty too gross.
she would play with her rings that her courtiers might note the delicacy of her hands; or dance a coranto that the french ambassador, hidden dexterously behind a curtain, might report her sprightliness to his master.
her levity, her frivolous laughter, her unwomanly jests, gave colour to a thousand scandals.
her character, in fact, like her portrait, was utterly without shade.
of womanly reserve or self-restraint she knew nothing.
no instinct of delicacy veiled the voluptuous temper which had broken out in the romps of her girlhood and showed itself almost ostentatiously throughout her later life.
personal beauty in a man was a sure passport to her liking.
informal analysis the formal analyses are in general far less frequent than the informal, which are found constantly in the weekly and monthly magazines and in the editorials of our daily papers.
these analyses aim at giving the core of the subject, the gist of the matter, with sufficient important facts or points as background.
thus you will read an account of our relations with mexico during the revolution in that country.
not everything is said; only the vital things.
a study of the character of mr. roosevelt or of mr. wilson, an article explaining the problems that had to be faced in the building of the keokuk or the shoshone dams, a treatment of the question of conscription in england--these and thousands of others flood upon us with the object of illuminating our approach to the subject, of interpreting for us the heart of the matter.
mr. more, in the essay already mentioned, says little about tennyson's verse form, about his zeal for the tale of arthur, about the influence upon him of the classics of greece and rome.
into a complete treatise these would of course enter; here mr. more's object is not all-inclusiveness, as one should examine the pyramids for not only their plan and size but also for their minute finish, their varying materials, their methods of jointure, and the thousand other details; rather he estimates what his subject is, as one should journey round the pyramids, view them in general, find their significance, and discover the few essentials that make them not cathedrals, not roman circuses, but pyramids.
in other words, interpretation is the object rather than completeness of fact.
obviously an informal analysis must be complete as far as it goes, must be complete for its author's purpose, is not good writing if it gives only a partial interpretation which gets nowhere.
it is at once apparent, then, that the controlling purpose which has been discussed at length in an earlier chapter is in informal analysis of the utmost importance.
only as it is clearly held in mind will the author know when to stop, what to choose.
in formal analysis, where his object is to say all that there is to say, he chooses and ceases to choose by the standard of completeness of fact; in informal analysis he must choose and cease to choose by the standard of whether he has accomplished the desired effect, made the desired interpretation.
his analysis, therefore, is valuable only when he has chosen the proper interpretation and has made it effective and clear.
if he wishes to analyze a period of history for the purpose of showing the romance of the period, he will choose and cease to choose largely in so far as his material helps to establish the romance, and he will not hesitate to neglect many a fact that would be otherwise important.
strange contrast, you may have thought, between the effect produced on us by these dismal remnants of commonplace houses, which in their best days were but the sign of a sordid life, belonging in all its details to our own vulgar era; and the effect produced by those ruins on the castled rhine, which have crumbled and mellowed into such harmony with the green and rocky steeps, that they seem to have a natural fitness, like the mountain-pine; nay, even in the day when they were built they must have had this fitness, as if they had been raised by an earth-born race, who had inherited from their mighty parent a sublime instinct of form.
if these robber barons were somewhat grim and drunken ogres, they had a certain grandeur of the wild beast in them--they were forest boars with tusks, tearing and rending: not the ordinary domestic grunter; they represented the demon forces forever in collision with beauty, virtue, and the gentle uses of life; they made a fine contrast in the picture with the wandering minstrel, the soft-lipped princess, the pious recluse, and the timid israelite.
that was a time of color, when the sunlight fell on glancing steel and floating banners; a time of adventure and fierce struggle--nay, of living, religious art and religious enthusiasm; for were not cathedrals built in those days, and did not great emperors leave their western palaces to die before the infidel strongholds in the sacred east?
therefore it is that these rhine castles thrill me with a sense of poetry: they belong to the grand historic life of humanity, and raise up for me the vision of an epoch.
but these dead-tinted, hollow-eyed, angular skeletons of villages on the rhone oppress me with the feeling that human life--very much of it--is a narrow, ugly, grovelling existence, which even calamity does not elevate, but rather tends to exhibit in all its bare vulgarity of conception; and i have a cruel conviction that the lives these ruins are the traces of were part of a gross sum of obscure vitality, that will be swept into the same oblivion with the generations of ants and beavers.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
informal analysis is not only less complete, but also less strict in adherence to pure analysis alone.
it employs whatever is of value, believing that the material, the message, is greater than the form.
outside really formal analysis, which is likely to be fairly dull to all except those who are eager for the particular information given, most analytical articles make free use of definition whenever it will serve well to aid the reader's understanding or to move his emotions toward a desired goal; of description if it, like definition, proves of value; even of anecdote and argument if these forms are the fittest instruments for the fight.
thus hawthorne, analyzing english weather, does not hesitate to dress out his analysis in the charms of personal experience and anecdote and description, which in no way obscure the facts of the weather, but merely take away the baldness of a formal statement and add the relish of actual life.
one chief condition of my enjoyment was the weather.
italy has nothing like it, nor america.
there never was such weather except in england, where, in requital of a vast amount of horrible east wind between february and june, and a brown october and black november, and a wet, chill, sunless winter, there are a few weeks of incomparable summer scattered through july and august, and the earlier portion of september, small in quantity, but exquisite enough to atone for the whole year's atmospherical delinquencies.
after all, the prevalent sombreness may have brought out those sunny intervals in such high relief that i see them, in my recollection, brighter than they really were: a little light makes a glory for people who live habitually in a gray gloom.
the english, however, do not seem to know how enjoyable the momentary gleams of their summer are; they call it broiling weather, and hurry to the seaside with red, perspiring faces, in a state of combustion and deliquescence; and i have observed that even their cattle have similar susceptibilities, seeking the deepest shade, or standing midleg deep in pools and streams to cool themselves, at temperatures which our own cows would deem little more than barely comfortable.
to myself, after the summer heats of my native land had somewhat effervesced out of my blood and memory, it was the weather of paradise itself.
it might be a little too warm; but it was that modest and inestimable superabundance which constitutes a bounty of providence, instead of just a niggardly enough.
during my first year in england, residing in perhaps the most ungenial part of the kingdom, i could never be quite comfortable without a fire on the hearth; in the second twelvemonth, beginning to get acclimatized, i became sensible of an austere friendliness, shy, but sometimes almost tender, in the veiled, shadowy, seldom smiling summer; and in the succeeding years,--whether that i had renewed my fibre with english beef and replenished my blood with english ale, or whatever were the cause,--i grew content with winter and especially in love with summer, desiring little more for happiness than merely to breathe and bask.
at the midsummer which we are now speaking of, i must needs confess that the noontide sun came down more fervently than i found altogether tolerable; so that i was fain to shift my position with the shadow of the shrubbery, making myself a movable index of a sundial that reckoned up the hours of an almost interminable day.
for each day seemed endless, though never wearisome.
as far as your actual experience is concerned, the english summer day has positively no beginning and no end.
when you awake, at any reasonable hour, the sun is already shining through the curtains; you live through unnumbered hours of sabbath quietude, with a calm variety of incident softly etched upon their tranquil lapse; and at length you become conscious that it is bedtime again, while there is still enough daylight in the sky to make the pages of your book distinctly legible.
night, if there be any such season, hangs down a transparent veil through which the bygone day beholds its successor; or, if not quite true of the latitude of london, it may be soberly affirmed of the more northern parts of the island, that to-morrow is born before its yesterday is dead.
they exist together in the golden twilight, where the decrepit old day dimly discerns the face of the ominous infant; and you, though a mere mortal, may simultaneously touch them both with one finger of recollection and another of prophecy.
i cared not how long the day might be, nor how many of them.
i had earned this repose by a long course of irksome toil and perturbation, and could have been content never to stray out of the limits of that suburban villa and its garden.
if i lacked anything beyond, it would have satisfied me well enough to dream about it, instead of struggling for its actual possession.
at least, this was the feeling of the moment; although the transitory, flitting, and irresponsible character of my life there was perhaps the most enjoyable element of all, as allowing me much of the comfort of house and home, without any sense of their weight upon my back.
the nomadic life has great advantages, if we can find tents ready pitched for us at every stage.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
an extension of this willingness to make grist of whatever comes to the writer's mill lies in the close approach, at times, that analysis makes to the informal essay.
of course the line is difficult to draw--and perhaps not necessarily drawn--and most informal essays are to some extent, at least, analytical.
the more you desire your analysis to become interesting, the more you wish to take hold of your reader, the more you will make use of the close approach unless your subject and its facts are of a kind to repel such intimacy.
an analysis of the nebular hypothesis deals with facts of so august a nature, on so nearly an unimaginable plane, that intimacy seems out of place, impudent, like levity in cathedrals.
so long as you do not obscure the facts of the analysis, make it unclear or blurred, so long you are safe.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
it would interest me to look upon this heroine of gun and pen.
she is presumably quite a young woman; probably, when at home, a graceful figure in drawing-rooms.
i should like to hear her talk, to exchange thoughts with her.
she would give one a very good idea of the matron of old rome who had her seat in the amphitheatre.
many of those ladies, in private life, must have been bright and gracious, highbred and full of agreeable sentiment; they talked of art and of letters; they could drop a tear over lesbia's sparrow; at the same time, they were connoisseurs in torn windpipes, shattered spines, and viscera rent open.
it is not likely that many of them would have cared to turn their own hands to butchery, and, for the matter of that, i must suppose that our lion huntress of the popular magazine is rather an exceptional dame; but no doubt she and the roman ladies would get on well together, finding only a few superficial differences.
the fact that her gory reminiscences are welcomed by an editor with the popular taste in view is perhaps more significant than appears either to editor or public.
were this lady to write a novel (the chances are she will) it would have the true note of modern vigour.
of course her style has been formed by her favourite reading; more than probably, her ways of thinking and feeling owe much to the same source.
if not so already, this will soon, i dare say, be the typical englishwoman.
such women should breed a terrible race.
more might be said; the analysis is not complete in fact, but it serves the purpose of the author.
it is distinctly in the enumerative order, the progression being determined by the controlling purpose of delineating lincoln as worthy of not only respect but even true awe, the awe that we give only to those great souls who, in spite of all their mental supremacy, are yet beautifully humble.
the method really consists in arriving at an easily comprehended statement of the significance of the subject through the medium of a more immediately workable or attractive or simple synonymous statement.
it is an application of the old formula of going from the known to the unknown, except that in this case we proceed from the unknown to the known and then return to the unknown with increased light.
in this case the writer attempts not so much to break the subject into its obvious parts as to set before the reader the meaning of it as a whole, in so short a compass, often, that it will not need further explanation, or if it does, that it may be then divided after the statement in easier form has been made.
the following explanation of the philosophy of nietzsche illustrates this form of analysis: the central motive of nietzsche seems to me to be this.
it is clear to him that the moral problem concerns the perfection, not of society, not of the masses of men, but of the great individual.
and so far he, indeed, stands where the standard of individualistic revolt has so often been raised.
but nietzsche differs from other individualists in that the great object toward which his struggle is directed is the discovery of what his own individuality itself means and is.
a titan of the type of goethe's or shelley's prometheus proclaims his right to be free of zeus and of all other powers.
but by hypothesis prometheus already knows who he is and what he wants.
but the problem of nietzsche is, above all, the problem.
what is clear to him is the need of strenuous activity in pressing on toward the solution of this problem.
his aristocratic consciousness is the sense that common men are in no wise capable of putting or of appreciating this question.
his assertion of the right of the individual to be free from all external restraints is the ardent revolt of the strenuous seeker for selfhood against whatever hinders him in this task.
he will not be interrupted by the base universe in the business--his life-business--of finding out what his own life is to mean for himself.
he knows that his own will is, above all, what he calls the will for power.
on occasion he does not hesitate to use this power to crush, at least in ideal, whoever shall hinder him in his work.
but the problem over which he agonizes is the inner problem.
what does this will that seeks power genuinely desire?
what is the power that is worthy to be mine?
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
in the following analysis of the relation existing between human action as result, and impulse and desire as causes, you will find such an informal presentation of material.
all human activity springs from two sources: impulse and desire.
the part played by desire has always been sufficiently recognized.
when men find themselves not fully contented, and not able instantly to procure what will cause content, imagination brings before their minds the thought of things which they believe would make them happy.
all desire involves an interval of time between the consciousness of a need and the opportunity for satisfying it.
the acts inspired by desire may in themselves be painful, the time before satisfaction can be achieved may be very long, the object desired may be something outside our own lives, and even after our own death.
will, as a directing force, consists mainly in following desires for more or less distant objects, in spite of the painfulness of the acts involved and the solicitations of incompatible but more immediate desires and impulses.
all this is familiar, and political philosophy hitherto has been almost entirely based upon desire as the source of human actions.
but desire governs no more than a part of human activity, and that not the most important but only the more conscious, explicit, and civilized part.
in all the more instinctive part of our nature we are dominated by impulses to certain kinds of activity, not by desires for certain ends.
children run and shout, not because of any good which they expect to realize, but because of a direct impulse to running and shouting.
dogs bay the moon, not because they consider that it is to their advantage to do so, but because they feel an impulse to bark.
it is not any purpose, but merely an impulse, that prompts such actions, as eating, drinking, love-making, quarrelling, boasting.
those who believe that man is a rational animal will say that people boast in order that others may have a good opinion of them; but most of us can recall occasions when we have boasted in spite of knowing that we should be despised for it.
instinctive acts normally achieve some result which is agreeable to the natural man, but they are not performed from desire for this result.
they are performed from direct impulse, and the impulse often is strong even in cases in which the normal desirable result cannot follow.
grown men like to imagine themselves more rational than children and dogs, and unconsciously conceal from themselves how great a part impulse plays in their lives.
this unconscious concealment always follows a certain general plan.
when an impulse is not indulged in the moment in which it arises, there grows up a desire for the expected consequences of indulging the impulse.
if some of the consequences which are reasonably to be expected are clearly disagreeable, a conflict between foresight and impulse arises.
if the impulse is weak, foresight may conquer; this is what is called acting on reason.
if the impulse is strong, either foresight will be falsified, and the disagreeable consequences will be forgotten, or, in men of heroic mold, the consequences may be recklessly accepted.
when macbeth realizes that he is doomed to defeat, he does not shrink from the fight; he exclaims:-- lay on, macduff, and damned be he that first cries, hold, enough!
but such strength and recklessness of impulse is rare.
most men, when their impulse is strong, succeed in persuading themselves, usually by a subconscious selectiveness of attention, that agreeable consequences will follow from indulgence of their impulse.
whole philosophies, whole systems of ethical valuation, spring up in this way; they are the embodiment of a kind of thought which is subservient to impulse, which aims at providing a quasi-rational ground for the indulgence of impulse.
the only thought which is genuine is that which springs out of the intellectual impulse of curiosity, leading to the desire to know and understand.
but most of what passes for thought is inspired by some non-intellectual impulse, and is merely a means of persuading ourselves that we shall not be disappointed or do harm if we indulge this impulse.
when an impulse is restrained, we feel discomfort, or even violent pain.
we may indulge the impulse in order to escape from this pain, and our action is then one which has a purpose.
but the pain only exists because of the impulse, and the impulse itself is directed to an act, not to escaping from the pain of restraining the impulse.
the impulse itself remains without a purpose, and the purpose of escaping from pain only arises when the impulse has been momentarily restrained.
impulse is at the basis of our activity, much more than desire.
desire has its place, but not so large a place as it is seemed to have.
impulses bring with them a whole train of subservient fictitious desires: they make men feel that they desire the results which will follow from indulging the impulses, and that they are acting for the sake of these results, when in fact their action has no motive outside itself.
a man may write a book or paint a picture under the belief that he desires the praise which it will bring him; but as soon as it is finished, if his creative impulse is not exhausted, what he has done grows uninteresting to him, and he begins a new piece of work.
what applies to artistic creation applies equally to all that is most vital in our lives: direct impulse is what moves us, and the desires which we think we have are a mere garment for the impulse.
desire, as opposed to impulse, has, it is true, a large and increasing share in the regulation of men's lives.
impulse is erratic and anarchical, not easily fitted into a well-regulated system; it may be tolerated in children and artists, but it is not thought proper to men who hope to be taken seriously.
almost all paid work is done from desire, not from impulse: the work itself is more or less irksome, but the payment for it is desired.
the serious activities that fill a man's working hours are, except in a few fortunate individuals, governed mainly by purposes, not by impulses toward these activities.
in this hardly any one sees an evil, because the place of impulse in a satisfactory existence is not recognized.
an impulse, to one who does not share it actually or imaginatively, will always seem to be mad.
all impulse is essentially blind, in the sense that it does not spring from any prevision of consequences.
the man who does not share the impulse will form a different estimate as to what the consequences will be, and as to whether those that must ensue are desirable.
this difference of opinion will seem to be ethical or intellectual, whereas its real basis is a difference of impulse.
no genuine agreement will be reached, in such a case, so long as the difference of impulse persists.
in all men who have any vigorous life, there are strong impulses such as may seem utterly unreasonable to others.
blind impulses sometimes lead to destruction and death, but at other times they lead to the best things the world contains.
blind impulse is the source of war, but it is also the source of science, and art, and love.
it is not the weakening of impulse that is to be desired, but the direction of impulse toward life and growth rather than toward death and decay.
the complete control of impulse by will, which is sometimes preached by moralists, and often enforced by economic necessity, is not really desirable.
a life governed by purposes and desires, to the exclusion of impulses, is a tiring life; it exhausts vitality, and leaves a man, in the end, indifferent to the very purposes which he has been trying to achieve.
when a whole nation lives in this way, the whole nation tends to become feeble, without enough grasp to recognize and overcome the obstacles to its desires.
industrialism and organization are constantly forcing civilized nations to live more and more by purpose rather than impulse.
in the long run such a mode of existence, if it does not dry up the springs of life, produces new impulse, not of the kind which the will has been in the habit of controlling or of which thought is conscious.
these new impulses are apt to be worse in their effects than those which have been checked.
excessive discipline, especially when it has been imposed from without, often issues in impulses of cruelty and destruction; this is one reason why militarism has a bad effect on national character.
either lack of vitality, or impulses which are oppressive and against life, will almost always result if the spontaneous impulses are not able to find an outlet.
a man's impulses are not fixed from the beginning by his native disposition: within certain wide limits, they are profoundly modified by his circumstances and his way of life.
the nature of these modifications ought to be studied, and the results of such study ought to be taken account of in judging the good or harm that is done by political and social institutions.
by courtesy of the publishers, the century company, new york city.
an engineer who is asked by a city to investigate the conditions that confront the municipality as regards water supply will have such a problem to state.
the statement will presumably consist of several divisions.
first of all, of course--and this will be essential in all such statements--will be an analysis of the conditions themselves.
in this particular case he will find out how much water is needed, how great the present supply is, what sources are available for increased supply, what the character of the water in these other sources is, and anything else that may be of value to the city.
if any former attempts at solution have been made, he may mention them.
if he is asked to recommend a plan of procedure, he will make an analysis of the details of this plan and will present them.
now obviously the nature of the audience will determine somewhat the manner of approach to the conditions.
if, for example, the problem is to be stated to the financial committee of the city, the angle of approach will be that of cost; if to a prospective constructing engineer, from that of difficulties of construction of reservoirs or from that of availability of sources.
if you are to state the problem of lessening the illiteracy in a given neighborhood, you will approach the subject for the school committee from the angle, perhaps, of the establishment of night schools, or from that of the necessary welding of nationalities; for the charitable societies from that of the poverty that compels child labor in the community.
and in the recommendations for meeting the conditions, if such recommendations are made, attention must be paid to the particular people who will read the analysis.
of course if you make an abstract, complete survey, you will cover the ground in whatever way seems most suitable.
such an analysis, when it is in the nature of a report, will presumably be in brief, tabulated form.
if, on the other hand, it is not a report, the subject may be treated more informally, made more pleasing.
the following statement of the problem of the development of power machinery is made rather formally from the angle of the constructive engineer with an eye also to the financial conditions.
the problem of power-machinery development is, therefore, divisible into several parts: first, what processes must be carried out to produce motion against resistance, from the energy of winds, the water of the rivers, or from fuel.
second, what combinations of simply formed parts can be made to carry out the process or series of processes.
these two steps when worked out will result in some kind of engine, but it may not be a good engine, for it may use up too much natural energy for the work it does; some part may break or another wear too fast; some part may have a form that no workman can make, or use up too much material or time in the making; in short, while the engine may work, it may be too wasteful, or do its work at too great a cost of coal or water, attendance in operation, or investment, or all these together.
there must, therefore, be added several other elements to the problem, as follows: third, how many ways are there of making each part, and which is the cheapest, or what other form of part might be devised that would be cheaper to make, or what cheaper material is there that would be equally suitable.
fourth, how sensitive to care are all these parts when in operation, and how much attendance and repairs will be required to keep the machine in good operating condition.
fifth, how big must the important parts of the whole machine be to utilize all the energy available, or to produce the desired amount of power.
sixth, how much force must each part of the mechanism sustain, and how big must it be when made of suitable material so as not to break.
seventh, how much work can be produced by the process for each unit of energy supplied.
by courtesy of the publishers, the columbia university press.
principles of analysis the problem that confronts you, then, in either kind of analysis, however formal or informal it may be, is, how shall i go to work?
the first necessity is the choosing of a basis for division of the subject, whether it be in classification or partition.
the necessity for this arises from the demand of the human mind for logical consistency.
life seems often wildly inconsistent, but we demand that explanation of it or any phase of it be arranged according to what seems to us some logical law of progression, some consistent point of view.
and in truth without some such law or basis the mind soon becomes hopelessly enmeshed and bewildered.
i cannot expect my reader to understand my treatise on locomotive engines, my classification of them, if i regard them now as engines of speed, now as means of conveyance, now as potential destroyers of life, and now as instruments whereby capitalists become rich and workmen become poor.
as often as i change my point of view, so often i shall be under the necessity of making a new arrangement of the engines, a new alignment.
it is like skimming past a cornfield with the platoons of green spears constantly shifting their number, their direction, and their general appearance.
if i station myself at one point, i can soon make reasonable estimates, but so long as i whirl from point to point my estimate must whirl likewise and i shall be confused rather than helped.
if, then, you are to analyze, say, our present-day domestic architecture, it is not enough to heap together everything that occurs to you about houses: their size, material, color, arrangement, finish, beauty, convenience, situation as regards sidewalks, their heating and upkeep.
to prevent your reader from becoming hopelessly muddled, from seeming to deal with the valley of the unorganized dry bones of fact, you must have some guiding principle, some basis, some point of view.
then at once you have a standard by which you can judge all houses, to which you can relate questions of position, arrangement, convenience, lighting, heating, etc.
each of these questions is now significant as affecting the cause of beauty.
no part will thereby be overlooked; each will be significant, and the whole will be unified by your single point of view.
notice, also, that the choosing of a basis of division is just as necessary in one kind of analysis as in another, that formality and informality do not affect the logic of the situation in the least, that whatever the subject or the proposed method of treatment, you must be consistent in your point of view, must make a pivot round which the whole can turn.
in classifying dredges, for example, we may use as basis the action of the machine upon the bottom of the body of water, that is, whether the action is continuous or intermittent; in this case we shall find four types of continuous dredges: the ladder, the hydraulic, the stirring, and the pneumatic; and we shall find two classes of intermittent: the dipper and the grapple dredges.
or we may divide all dredges on the basis of whether they are self-propelling or non-propelling.
finally, we may take as basis for the classification the manner of disposing of the excavated materials, in which case we shall find several groups.
in the following example we have two bases used for classifying clearing-houses.
the use of more than one basis will depend on whether we can by such use make more easily clear to a reader the nature of the subject and on whether different readers will need different angles of approach.
the clearing-houses in the united states may be divided into two classes, the sole function of the first of which consists in clearing-notes, drafts, checks, bills of exchange, and whatever else may be agreed upon; and the second of which, in addition to exercising the functions of the class just mentioned, prescribes rules and regulations for its members in various matters, such as the fixing of uniform rates of exchange, interest charges, collections, etc.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. appleton & co., new york city.
sometimes, also, the minor sections may have a different basis from the main one, a different principle of classification.
this might cover our immediate relations with mexico, our less close relations with south america, and our rather more remote relations with europe.
all would unite under the one heading of general progress, and so long as they were kept distinct would be serviceable.
for the uniting into one main principle is the important thing.
it is by this, and this only, that the reader will easily receive a clear understanding of the subject.
having selected this unifying basis, you must then be careful lest your subdivisions be only the subject restated in other words.
each section must be less than the whole.
even more caution is required to keep the divisions from overlapping.
the overlapping of subdivisions is likely to occur because of one or both of two causes: lack of clear thinking, and lack of clear expression.
finally, be sure that the sum of your divisions equals the whole.
this means that in logical analysis you must continue the process of dividing until nothing is left.
such would be the process in analyzing and classifying types of cathedral architecture; your work will not be complete until you have included all possible forms.
the same would hold true in a thorough analysis of bridges; all forms would demand entrance.
when you write informal or literary analysis, on the other hand, since here the object is illumination rather than exhaustion, almost suggestiveness rather than completeness, choose the significant vital divisions and let the rest go.
the point is that the divisions will be fewer in number, as in an article on the subject of the failure of freshmen in the first semester your object, in informal analysis, would be to group the causes, for the convenience of the reader, into a few general divisions which should give him a clear idea of the subject without necessitating long and painful reading.
it is always well to be able to express this sentence.
of course care must be exercised not to make the structure of the article too evident by the presence of such a sentence, but its judicious use will help to unify the thought for the reader.
whatever you can do, therefore, to make it easy will be worth while in gaining success.
make such a list and then examine its foundations.
is a similar list of novels or plays or symphonies as difficult to make?
use any of the following sentences as a nucleus sentence on which to build an informal analysis.
the attitude of scientific efficiency is incompatible with feelings of humanity.
a college career does not always develop, but in fact often kills, intellectual integrity.
the worst enemy of the american public is the newspaper that for political or business reasons distorts news.
studies are the least valuable of college activities except as they stimulate the imagination.
our country is so large that a citizen is really justified, mentally and morally, in being provincial.
the study of literature in college is, except for the person of no imagination, deadening to the spirit.
the fifteen-and twenty-cent magazine is a menace to american life in that its fiction grossly distorts the facts of life.
the farmer who wishes to keep his soil in good condition should use legumes as increasers of fertility.
the effect of acquisition of land property is always to drive the possessors into the tory camp.
the engineer is a poet who expresses himself in material forms rather than words.
make a formal classification, in skeleton form, of any of the following subjects.
then determine what qualities the subject has that indicate how such a classification can be made interesting, either by material or treatment.
then write an analytical theme which shall thoroughly cover the skeleton classification and shall also be attractive.
methods of irrigation in the united states.
contemporary philosophies of europe and america.
contemporary short stories of the popular magazines.
indicate, in any given subject, how many possible bases for classification you could choose, as, for example, you might classify chairs on the basis of comfort, expense, presence of rockers, upholstery, adaptation to the human figure, material for the seat, shape of back, etc.
analyze any of the following problems, first without recommendation of solution, and second with recommendation as if you were making a report to a committee or employer or officer.
keeping informed of world affairs while doing one's college work faithfully.
faculty or non-faculty control of college politics.
choosing a college course with relation to intended career in life.
selecting shrubbery for continuous bloom with both red and blue berries in winter.
the brand of flour selected for use in large hotels.
choice of cereal for children of six, nine, and eleven--two boys, one girl.
creating a high class dairy or sheep herd.
creating an apple (or other fruit) orchard.
method of shipping potatoes to a distant point, in boxes, barrels, sacks.
best use of a twenty-acre farm near a large city.
best system of bookkeeping for the farmer.
kind of life insurance for a man of twenty.
reconciling shakespeare's works with the known facts of his life.
reconciling narrow religious training with the increased knowledge derived from college.
the failure of college courses in english composition to produce geniuses.
the creation of a conscientious political attitude in a democracy.
v. decide upon a controlling purpose for an informal analysis of any of the following subjects, indicate how you hope to make the analysis interesting, state why you choose the basis that you do--and then write the theme.
prejudices, flirts, entertainments, shade-trees, methods of advertising, languages, scholastic degrees, systems of landscape gardening for small estates, migratory song birds of north america, laces.
causes of the return-to-the-soil movement, origins of our dairy cattle, benefits of intensive agriculture, imported plant diseases, legumes.
opportunities for the civil (or mechanical or electrical, etc.)
engineer, difficulties of modern bridge-building, the relation of the engineer to social movements, the contribution of the engineer to intellectual advance.
changes in the united states system of public finance since hamilton's time, the equitable distribution of taxation, the benefits of the federal reserve movement in finance, forms of taxation, systems of credit.
possibilities for physiological chemistry, obstacles to color photography, the chemistry of the kitchen, the future of the telescope, the battle against disease germs, theories of the atom, heredity in plants or animals, edible fresh-water fish.
bores, the terrors of childhood, the vanities of young men, methods of coquetry,--of becoming popular,--of always having one's way, the idiosyncrasies of elderly bachelors, books to read on the train, acquaintances of the dining-car.
why i am a republican, or democrat, or pessimist, or agnostic, or humanist, or rebel in general, or agitator or--whatnot?
the classics and the american student in the twentieth century.
the workingman should know his place and keep it.
the study of history as an aid to a critical estimate of the present.
the relation of friendship to similarity in point of view.
the present situation in the world of baseball.
the reaction of war upon the finer sensibilities of civilians.
the breeding place of social improvements.
the conflict of political and moral loyalty.
the stability of american political opinion.
the shifting geography of intellectual leadership in the world.
in the following selection what does mr. shaw analyze?
does the omission, if there is any, vitally harm the analysis?
passion is the steam in the engine of all religious and moral systems.
in so far as it is malevolent, the religions are malevolent too, and insist on human sacrifices, on hell, wrath, and vengeance.
you cannot read browning's caliban upon setebos; or, natural theology in the island, without admitting that all our religions have been made as caliban made his, and that the difference between caliban and prospero is not that prospero has killed passion in himself whilst caliban has yielded to it, but that prospero is mastered by holier passions than caliban's.
abstract principles of conduct break down in practice because kindness and truth and justice are not duties founded on abstract principles external to man, but human passions, which have, in their time, conflicted with higher passions as well as with lower ones.
try how wicked you can be: it is precisely the same experiment as trying how good you can be.
at worst you will only find out the sort of person you are.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
rewrite mr. shaw's article so as to place the sentence which now begins the selection at the end.
is the result an improvement or a drawback?
what difference in the reader might make this change advisable?
in the light of the following statement of the philosophy of mr. arthur balfour, the english statesman, analyze, into one word if possible, the philosophy of lincoln, of bismarck, of mr. wilson, of robert e. lee, of webster, of william pitt, of burke, of any political thinker of whom you know.
analyze the effect of such a philosophy as mr. balfour's.
analyze the relation of such a philosophy as this to the actively interested personal conduct of the holder of it toward definite personal ends.
he looks out on life with a mingled scorn and pity--scorn for its passionate strivings for the unattainable, pity for its meanness and squalor.
he does not know the reading of the riddle, but he knows that all ends in failure and disillusion.
ever the rosy dawn of youth and hope fades away into the sadness of evening and the blackness of night, and out of that blackness comes no flash of revelation, no message of cheer.
the worldly hope men set their hearts upon turns ashes--or it prospers; and anon like snow upon the desert's dusty face lighting a little hour or two--is gone.
why meddle with the loom and its flying shuttle?
we are the warp and weft with which the great weaver works his infinite design--that design which is beyond the focus of all mortal vision, and in which the glory of greece, the pomp of rome, the ambition of carthage, seven times buried beneath the dust of the desert, are but inscrutable passages of glowing color.
all our schemes are futile, for we do not know the end, and that which seems to us evil may serve some ultimate good, and that which seems right may pave the path to wrong.
let us accept the irrevocable fate unresistingly.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
would the result in the reader's mind be as good, or better, if the author specified a larger number of qualities?
what feeling do you have as to the fairness of the three treatments?
does any one of the three seem to claim completeness?
write a similar analysis, reducing to one or two main qualities or characteristics, the american civil war, the french revolution, the industrial revolution, the romantic movement in literature, the celtic spirit, the puritan spirit, socialism, culture.
now, king edward is, above everything else, a very human man.
he is not deceived by the pomp and circumstance in the midst of which it has been his lot to live, for he has no illusions.
he was cast for a part in the piece of life from his cradle, and he plays it industriously and thoroughly; but he has never lost the point of view of the plain man.
he has much more in common with the president of a free state than with the king by divine right.
unlike his nephew, he never associates the almighty with his right to rule, though he associates him with his rule.
his common sense and his gift of humor save him from these exalted and antiquated assumptions.
nothing is more characteristic of this sensible attitude than his love for the french people and french institutions.
and his saving grace of humor enables him to enjoy and poke fun at the folly of the tuft-hunter and the collector of royal cherry stones.
who, i have no doubt, delivered from that chair a copious digest of his raper lecture, coupled with illuminating statistics on infantile mortality, some approving comments on the member for battersea, and a little wholesome advice on the duties of a king.
this liking for mr. burns is as characteristic of the king as his liking for france.
he prefers plain, breezy men who admit him to the common humanities rather than those who remind him of his splendid isolation.
he would have had no emotion of pride when scott, who, with all his great qualities, was a deplorable tuft-hunter, solemnly put the wine glass that had touched the royal lips into the tail pocket of his coat, but he would have immensely enjoyed the moment when he inadvertently sat on it.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
thomas hardy lives in the deepening shadow of the mystery of this unintelligible world.
what are they but puppets in the hand of some passionless fate, loveless and hateless, whose purposes are beyond all human vision?
o immanence, that reasonest not in putting forth all things begot, thou buildest thy house in space--for what?
o loveless, hateless!--past the sense of kindly-eyed benevolence, to what tune danceth this immense?
and for answer comes the mocking voice of the spirit ironic-- for one i cannot answer.
but i know 't is handsome of our pities so to sing the praises of the dreaming, dark, dumb thing that turns the handle of this idle show.
night has come down upon the outlook of the writer as it came down over the somber waste of egdon heath.
there is not a cheerful feature left, not one glint of sunshine in the sad landscape of broken ambitions and squalor and hopeless strivings and triumphant misery.
labor and sorrow, a little laughter, disillusion and suffering--and after that, the dark.
not the dark that flees before the cheerful dawn, but the dark whose greatest benediction is eternal nothingness.
other men of genius, most men of genius, have had their periods of deep dejection in which only the mocking voice of the spirit ironic answered their passionate questionings.
but the pilgrimage of thomas hardy has led us ever into the deeper shadow.
the shades of the prison-house have closed around us and there is no return to the cheerful day.
the journey we began with those jolly carol-singers under the greenwood tree has ended in the hopeless misery of jude.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
on what basis is the following analysis of the farmer's life made?
do you discover any overlapping of parts?
is the analysis so incomplete as to be of slight value?
over and above the hardiness which the farm engenders, and of a far higher quality, is the moral courage it calls into play.
courage is the elemental virtue, for life has been and will forever be a fight.
a farmer's life is one incessant fight.
he dares to try to control the face of this planet.
in order to raise his crops he pits himself against the weather and the seasons; he forces the soil to his wishes; he wars against the plant world, the bacterial world.
is not that a fight, looked at philosophically, to make one stand aghast?
after i had been on the farm seven years, the tremendousness of the fight that my fellow farmers were waging disclosed itself to me with a force no figure of speech can convey.
until one can be brought to some realization of this aspect of the farmer's life, he has no adequate grounds for comprehending the discipline and development which is the very nature of the case that life must receive.
i often contrast the life of the clerk at his books, or the mechanic at his bench, or the professional man at his desk, with the lot of the farmer.
the dangers and uncertainties they confront seem to me extraordinarily mild compared with the risk the farmer runs.
that the former will be paid for their work is almost certain; it is extremely uncertain whether the farmer will be paid for his.
he must dare to lose at every turn; scarcely a week passes in which he does not lose, sometimes heavily, sometimes considerably.
those moments in a battle when it seems as if every plan had gone to smash, which so test the fortitude of a general, are moments which a farmer experiences more frequently and more strenuously than men in most occupations.
if he sticks to his task successfully his capacity for courage must grow to meet the demands; if he will not stick, he is sifted out by force of circumstance, leaving the stronger type of man to hold the farm.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
analyze the life of the iron-worker, the country doctor, the head-nurse of a city hospital, the college professor, the private detective.
would you classify the following selection as formal or informal classification or partition?
write a similar treatment of fuel power, moral power, physical strength, intellectual power.
wherever rain falls streams will form, the water of which represents the concentrated drainage of all the land sloping toward that particular valley at the bottom of which the stream flows.
this stream flow consists of the rainfall over the whole watershed less the amount absorbed by the earth or evaporated from the surface, and every such stream is a potential source of power.
the possible water-power of a country or district is, therefore, primarily dependent on rainfall, but also, of course, on absorption and surface evaporation.
in places where the land is approximately flat, the tendency to concentrate rainfall into streams would be small, as the water would tend to lie rather in swampy low pools, or form innumerable tiny, slowly moving brooks.
on the contrary, if the country were of a rolling or mountainous character, there would be two important differences introduced.
first, water would concentrate in a few larger and faster-moving streams, the water of which would represent the collection from perhaps thousands of square miles; and secondly, it would be constantly falling from higher to lower levels on its way to the sea.
while, therefore, all streams are potential, or possible sources of power, and water-power might seem to be available all over the earth, yet, as a matter of fact, only those streams that are large enough or in which the fall of level is great enough, are really worth while to develop; and only in these districts where the rainfall is great enough and the earth not too flat or too absorbent, or the air too dry, may any streams of useful character at all be expected.
the power represented by all the water of a stream, and its entire fall from the source to the sea, is likewise only partly available.
no one would think of trying to carry water in pipes from the source of a stream a thousand miles to its mouth for the sake of running some water-wheels.
by courtesy of the publishers, the columbia university press.
for what kind of reader do you judge that the following partition of the orchestra was written?
what is the basis on which it is made?
how does it differ from an appreciative criticism of the orchestra as a musical instrument?
make a similar partition of the brass band, the feudal system, the united states government, the united states army, the hague conference, the pipe organ, the printing press, a canal lock, a greek drama, a large modern circus, mathematics, etc.
the modern orchestra is the result of a long development, which it would not be profitable to trace in this book.
it is a body of instruments, selected with a view to their ability to perform the most complex music.
it will be readily understood that such an instrumental body must possess a wide range of timbres, a great compass, extensive gradations of force, the greatest flexibility, and a solid sonority which can be maintained from the finest pianissimo to the heaviest forte.
of course the preservation of some of these qualities, such as flexibility and solidity, depend largely upon the skill of the composer, but they are all inherent in the orchestra.
they are gained by the use of three classes of instruments, grouped under the general heads of wood, brass, and strings, which have special tone-colors and individuality when heard in their distinct groups, but which combine admirably in the ensemble.
it is the custom to name the three groups in the order given because, for the sake of convenience, composers place the flute parts at the top of the page of the score where the wide margin gives room for their high notes.
the other wood-wind instruments follow the flutes, so as to keep the wood-choir together.
the brass is placed under the wood because its members are so often combined with some of the wood instruments in sounding chords.
this brings the strings to the bottom of the page, the instruments of percussion (drums, cymbals, etc.)
being inserted between them and the brass.
the instruments of the conventional symphonic orchestra of the classic period, then, are flutes, oboes, clarinets, bassoons in the wood department, horns, trumpets, and trombones in the brass, and violins, violas, violoncellos, and double-basses for strings.
modern composers have added for special reasons the english horn, which is the alto of the oboe, the bass-clarinet, the contrabassoon (which sounds an octave lower than the ordinary bassoon), the bass-tuba, a powerful double-bass brass instrument, and the harp.
the piccolo, a small, shrill flute sounding an octave higher than the ordinary flute, was introduced into the symphony orchestra by beethoven, though it had frequently been used before in opera scores.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
criticize the following analysis of the indispensability of law.
write an analysis of the necessity for conformity to current style in dress, the necessity for theaters, of the reason why ultimate democracy is inevitable for the whole world; of the inevitability of conflict between advancing thought and established religion; of the unavoidability of struggle between capital and labor.
the truth is, laws, religions, creeds, and systems of ethics, instead of making society better than its best unit, make it worse than its average unit, because they are never up to date.
they are made necessary, though we all secretly detest them, by the fact that the number of people who can think out a line of conduct for themselves even on one point is very small, and the number who can afford the time for it is still smaller.
nobody can afford the time to do it on all points.
the professional thinker may on occasion make his own morality and philosophy as the cobbler may make his own boots; but the ordinary man of business must buy at the shop, so to speak, and put up with what he finds on sale there, whether it exactly suits him or not, because he can neither make a morality for himself nor do without one.
this typewriter with which i am writing is the best i can get; but it is by no means a perfect instrument; and i have not the smallest doubt that in fifty years' time authors will wonder how men could have put up with so clumsy a contrivance.
when a better one is invented i shall buy it: until then, not being myself an inventor, i must make the best of it, just as my protestant and roman catholic and agnostic friends make the best of their imperfect creeds and systems.
oh, father tucker, worshiper of liberty, where shall we find a land where the thinking and moralizing can be done without division of labor?
besides, what have deep thinking and moralizing to do with the most necessary and least questionable side of law?
just consider how much we need law in matters which have absolutely no moral bearing at all.
is there anything more aggravating than to be told, when you are socially promoted, and are not quite sure how to behave yourself in the circles you enter for the first time, that good manners are merely a matter of good sense, and that rank is but the guinea's stamp: the man's the gowd for a' that?
imagine taking the field with an army which knew nothing except that the soldier's duty is to defend his country bravely, and think, not of his own safety, nor of home and beauty, but of england!
or of leaving the traffic of piccadilly or broadway to proceed on the understanding that every driver should keep to that side of the road which seemed to him to promote the greatest happiness to the greatest number!
or of stage managing hamlet by assuring the ghost that whether he entered from the right or the left could make no difference to the greatness of shakespeare's play, and that all he need concern himself about was holding the mirror up to nature!
law is never so necessary as when it has no ethical significance whatever, and is pure law for the sake of law.
the law that compels me to keep to the left when driving along oxford street is ethically senseless, as is shown by the fact that keeping to the right serves equally well in paris; and it certainly destroys my freedom to choose my side; but by enabling me to count on every one else keeping to the left also, thus making traffic possible and safe, it enlarges my life and sets my mind free for nobler issues.
most laws, in short, are not the expression of the ethical verdicts of the community, but pure etiquette and nothing else.
what they do express is the fact that over most of the field of social life there are wide limits within which it does not matter what people do, though it matters enormously under given circumstances whether you can depend on their all doing the same thing.
the wasp, who can be depended on absolutely to sting if you squeeze him, is less of a nuisance than the man who tries to do business with you not according to the custom of business, but according to the sermon on the mount, or than the lady who dines with you and refuses, on republican and dietetic principles, to allow precedence to a duchess or to partake of food which contains uric acid.
the ordinary man cannot get through the world without being told what to do at every turn, and basing such calculations as he is capable of on the assumption that every one else will calculate on the same assumptions.
even your man of genius accepts a hundred rules for every one he challenges; and you may lodge in the same house with an anarchist for ten years without noticing anything exceptional about him.
martin luther, the priest, horrified the greater half of christendom by marrying a nun, yet was a submissive conformist in countless ways, living orderly as a husband and father, wearing what his bootmaker and tailor made for him, and dwelling in what the builder built for him, although he would have died rather than take his church from the pope.
and when he got a church made by himself to his liking, generations of men calling themselves lutherans took that church from him just as unquestioningly as he took the fashion of his clothes from the tailor.
as the race evolves, many a convention which recommends itself by its obvious utility to every one passes into an automatic habit like breathing.
doubtless also an improvement in our nerves and judgment may enlarge the list of emergencies which individuals may be entrusted to deal with on the spur of the moment without reference to regulations; but a ready-made code of conduct for general use will always be needed as a matter of overwhelming convenience by all members of communities.
the continual danger to liberty created by law arises, not from the encroachments of governments, which are always regarded with suspicion, but from the immense utility and consequent popularity of law, and the terrifying danger and obvious inconvenience of anarchy; so that even pirates appoint and obey a captain.
law soon acquires such a good character that people will believe no evil of it; and at this point it becomes possible for priests and rulers to commit the most pernicious crimes in the name of law and order.
creeds and laws come to be regarded as applications to human conduct of eternal and immutable principles of good and evil; and breakers of the law are abhorred as sacrilegious scoundrels to whom nothing is sacred.
now this, i need not tell you, is a very serious error.
no law is so independent of circumstances that the time never comes for breaking it, changing it, scrapping it as obsolete, and even making its observance a crime.
in a developing civilization nothing can make laws tolerable unless their changes and modifications are kept as closely as possible on the heels of the changes and modifications in social conditions which development involves.
also there is a bad side to the very convenience of law.
it deadens the conscience of individuals by relieving them of the ethical responsibility of their own actions.
when this relief is made as complete as possible, it reduces a man to a condition in which his very virtues are contemptible.
military discipline, for example, aims at destroying the individuality and initiative of the soldier whilst increasing his mechanical efficiency, until he is simply a weapon with the power of hearing and obeying orders.
in him you have legality, duty, obedience, self-denial, submission to external authority, carried as far as it can be carried; and the result is that in england, where military service is voluntary, the common soldier is less respected than any other serviceable worker in the community.
the police constable, who is a civilian and has to use his own judgment and act on his own responsibility in innumerable petty emergencies, is by comparison a popular and esteemed citizen.
the roman catholic peasant who consults his parish priest instead of his conscience, and submits wholly to the authority of his church, is mastered and governed either by statesmen and cardinals who despise his superstition, or by protestants who are at least allowed to persuade themselves that they have arrived at their religious opinions through the exercise of their private judgment.
the moral evolution of the social individual is from submission and obedience as economizers of effort and responsibility, and safeguards against panic and incontinence, to willfulness and self-assertion made safe by reason and self-control, just as plainly as his physical growth leads him from the perambulator and the nurse's apron strings to the power of walking alone, and from the tutelage of the boy to the responsibility of the man.
but it is useless for impatient spirits (like you and i, for instance) to call on people to walk before they can stand.
without high gifts of reason and self-control: that is, without strong common-sense, no man yet dares trust himself out of the school of authority.
what he does is to claim gradual relaxations of the discipline, so as to have as much liberty as he thinks is good for him, and as much government as he thinks he needs to keep him straight.
and so, after running to the doctor, the lawyer, the expert, the old friend, and all the other quacks for advice, he runs back to the law again to save him from all these and from himself.
the law may be wrong; but anyhow it spares him the responsibility of choosing, and will either punish those who make him look ridiculous by exposing its folly, or, when the constitution is too democratic for this, at least guarantee that the majority is on his side.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
most difficulties, however, occur through lack of considering just what the problem involves, and through lack of sufficiently simplifying the material.
you stroke your chin, meditate a bit, and, if you are polite, thank your informant for his kind intentions.
then you ask the next person whom you meet to tell you where the post-office is.
the old man meant well, of course, but he failed to simplify.
so did the author of the little book that johnny received for christmas mean well when he explained how to make a beautiful chemical effect.
but johnny, who was a fairly impetuous youth, did not stop to read the footnote at the end which warned against working near a fire.
the trouble lay in the fact that the author did not give johnny the necessary information at the essential time.
it seems that neither piety nor wit will suffice to locate post-offices or direct experiments or explain machines.
better than either of these is the ability to make the mechanism, the process, the organization transparently clear, with each bit of information given at exactly the proper moment.
for, since the object of such explanation as attempts to make clear is primarily information, the main quality of the writing should be clearness.
everything that stands in the way of this quality should be made to surrender to explanation.
if the subject is itself interesting or remarkable, the facts may speak for themselves, as in an account of the nebular hypothesis; if the subject is merely common, as for example the force pump, the primary aim should be clearness.
pleasing presentation, however desirable, is secondary.
no amount of pleasant reading on the subject of making photographs, the working of periscopes, the organization of literary societies will be of value if at the end the reader has not a well-ordered idea of how to go to work or of how the thing of which you treat is operated.
general cautions for these reasons certain principles of caution can be laid down.
the first caution is, do not take too much for granted on the reader's part.
first of all take stock of your reader and his knowledge of the subject and then write in accordance with your discoveries.
if, in explaining the bicycle to a fiji islander, you fail to note that the two wheels are placed tandem rather than parallel, he may form a thoroughly queer notion of the machine.
the second caution, which is corollary with the first, is that you do not substitute for the gaps in the written information the silent knowledge that is in your own mind.
the danger here lies in the fact that, knowing your subject well, you will write part of it and think the rest.
having for a long time practiced the high hurdles, for example, when you come to explain them you will run the paradoxical risk of being so thoroughly acquainted with the subject that you will actually omit much vital information and thus make your treatment thin.
and the third caution is, avoid being over technical.
an expert can always understand plain english; a layman, on the other hand, can soon become hopelessly bewildered in a sea of technicalities.
treatment of technicalities demands sense, therefore; when a term is reasonably common its presence can do no harm, but when a term is known only to the few, substitute for it, when writing for the many, plain english, or define your terms.
centralization perhaps the greatest lack in expositions of this type is centralization.
a reader rises from the account of a cream separator or a suspension bridge or the feudal system with the feeling that many cogs and wires and wheels and spouts and lords and vassals are involved, but without a clear correlation of all these elements into a clear and simple whole.
now a suspension bridge is much more organic than a scrap heap, and the feudal system than a city directory.
it is for you as the writer to make this clear, to show that all the things are related, that they affect each other and interact.
for this purpose you will find the greatest help in the device of ascertaining what the root principle is, the fundamental notion or purpose of the subject that you are explaining.
for example, to make your reader see the relation of the various parts of the tachometer you should discover and present the fact that the machine relies primarily on the principle of centrifugal force as affecting the mercury that whirls as the automobile moves.
once this principle is grasped by the reader, the various parts of the mechanism assume their proper places and relations and become clear.
and the more complicated the mechanism or process, the more necessary will be the discovery of the root principle--a printing machine, for instance, with its amazing complexity, will be helped wonderfully by such a device, and the reader will welcome the device even more than he would in an explanation of how, for example, a fountain pen works--though he will be glad for it in any case.
this root principle, nucleus, core, kernel can often be stated in one sentence.
this sentence may not be immediately and entirely clear, but it serves to show quickly what relations parts have to each other, and to it the reader may refer in his mind when detailed treatment of the maze of wires and bolts becomes bewildering.
often this sentence need not be expressed alone; it should always be thought out in the writer's mind.
if it is expressed, such a sentence may stand at the beginning as a sort of quick picture, or it may come at the end as a collecting statement of what has preceded, or at any point where it seems to be of the most value to the reader.
it may take various forms as, for example, it may state in essence how the machine or process works, is operated, or what it is for, or of what it consists.
in the following examples the sentence will be found near the beginning in both cases, and in the nature of a statement of the principle of operation.
of tools used for cutting, perhaps the most remarkable of all is the oxygen blow-pipe.
this is a little tool something the shape of a pistol--which a workman can easily hold in one hand.
it is connected by a flexible tube to a cylinder of compressed oxygen, and by another tube to a supply of coal-gas.
thus a jet of oxygen and a jet of coal-gas issue from the nozzle at the end of the blow-pipe, and, mingling there, produce a fine point of flame burning with intense heat.
if this be directed upon the edge of a thick bar or plate of steel it will in a few seconds melt a tiny groove in it, and, if the pipe be moved along, that groove can be developed into a cut and in that way very thick pieces of steel can be severed quite easily.
the harder the steel, too, the more easily it is cut, for hard steel contains more carbon than soft, and that has a tendency to burn with oxygen, actually increasing the heat of the flame.
a bar of iron a foot long can be cut right down the center in fifty seconds.
it is said that scientific burglars have been known to use blow-pipes to open safes with; but a very strange thing about them is that, while they will cut hard steel of almost any thickness almost like butter, they are completely baffled by a thin sheet of copper.
the reason of this is that copper is such a good conductor of heat that the heat of the flame is conducted quickly away, and so the part in contact with the flame never becomes hot enough to melt.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
* * * * * there is another very efficient substitute for the dynamite cartridge, which may abolish blasting even in hard-rock mines.
it is a hydraulic cartridge, or an apparatus that works on the principle of the hydraulic jack.
unlike dynamite, which consists of a lot of stored and highly concentrated energy that is let fly to do what destruction it may, the hydraulic cartridge is absolutely inert and devoid of potential energy when placed in the blast-hole.
only after it is in place is the energy applied to it.
this it gradually accumulates until it acquires enough to burst open the rock without wasting a lot of energy in pulverizing it.
the apparatus is under the direct control of the miner all the time.
there is nothing haphazard about its operation.
the cartridge consists of a strong steel cylinder, made in various sizes.
disposed at right angles to the length of the cylinder are a number of pistons, or rams, that may be forced out laterally by pumping water into the cylinder.
the cartridge is introduced into the blast-hole with the rams retracted.
then a quick-action pump is operated to move the rams out so that they come in contact with the rock.
after this, by means of a screw-lever a powerful pressure is exerted upon the water, which forces out the rams until the rock gives way under the strain.
processes the development of this kind of exposition will vary somewhat according to the nature of the subject.
if you are explaining a process--how to make a campfire, or how to find the width of an unbridged river, or how to make bread--you will naturally follow the chronological order and tell what to do first, what second, and so on.
if several materials are to be used in the process, you may enumerate them all at the beginning, for collection, or state them piece by piece as they are needed.
you may cast the whole process into a personal mood by telling how some one, perhaps yourself, did it on a previous occasion.
this method, if it is judiciously used, adds interest.
you must take care not to seem to encumber obviously simple directions, however, with the machinery of personal narrative so that the whole account is longer than it should be.
in case you are treating some process in which mistakes are easily made, you can often help the reader by showing how some one--preferably yourself--did it wrongly and thereby came to grief.
or you can state concisely what not to do if there is chance for mistake.
in developing films, for example, you may warn the reader not to mix any of the hypo with the fixing bath; in picking his apples not to break the twigs of the tree; in paddling a canoe through rapids not to become excited.
note how, in the account which follows of how to handle a punt, the author makes the material quite human and personal--to the reader's pleasure.
you may get yourself a tub or a working-boat or a wherry, a rob-roy or a dinghy, for every craft that floats is known on the thames; but the favorite craft are the canadian canoe and the punt.
the canoe you will be familiar with, but your ideas of a punt are probably derived from a farm-built craft you have poled about american duck-marshes--which bears about the same relationship to this slender, half-decked cedar beauty that a canal-boat bears to a racing-shell.
during your first perilous lessons in punting, you will probably be in apprehension of ducking your mentor, who is lounging among the cushions in the bow.
but you cannot upset the punt any more than you can discompose the englishman; the punt simply upsets you without seeming to be aware of it.
and when you crawl dripping up the bank, consoled only by the fact that the humane society man was not on hand with his boat-hook to pull you out by the seat of the trousers, your mentor will gravely explain how you made your mistake.
instead of bracing your feet firmly on the bottom and pushing with the pole, you were leaning on the pole and pushing with your feet.
when the pole stuck in the clay bottom, of course it pulled you out of the boat.
when you want to throw the bow to the left, you have only to pry the stern over to the right as you are pulling the pole out of the water.
to throw the bow to the right, ground the pole a foot or so wide of the boat, and then lean over and pull the boat up to it.
that is not so easy, but you will learn the wrist motion in time.
when all this comes like second nature, you will feel that you have become a part of the punt, or rather that the punt has taken life and become a part of you.
a particular beauty of punting is that, more than any other sport, it brings you into personal contact, so to speak, with the landscape.
in a few days you will know every inch of the bottom of the char, some of it perhaps by more intimate experience than you desire.
over there, on the other curve of the bend, the longest pole will not touch bottom.
just beyond here, in the narrows, the water is so shallow that you can get the whole length of your body into every sweep.
as for the shrubbery on the bank, you will soon learn these hawthorns, if only to avoid barging into them.
and the magdalen chestnut, which spreads its shade so beautifully above the water just beyond, becomes quite familiar when its low-reaching branches have once caught the top of your pole and torn it from your hands.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
mechanisms if you are explaining a mechanism, you may follow different orders.
you may explain chronologically, showing what happens first, what next, and so on, as in the printing press you would show what happens first to the paper, and then what processes follow.
here you must be careful not to give a long list at the beginning of all the different parts of the machine.
such a list bewilders and is rarely of any real value.
the brief paragraph which follows illustrates the principle in a slight space.
the stone-boat is a peculiar vehicle incidental to america, and has nothing whatsoever to do with the water.
it resembles a huge metal tray or shovel hauled by a team of horses.
and its special path is as novel as the boat itself.
it is only two wooden lines fashioned from tree-logs adzed roughly flat on the upper side, well greased, and laid promiscuously and roughly parallel on the ground.
the stone is prized and levered on to the tray, and hauled with a speed, which, bearing in mind the primitive road, is astonishing, to the dump, where a sharp swing round on the part of the horses pitches the mass down the bank.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
if you prefer, you can use, instead of the chronological order, the device of showing what the need was for the machine and how it fills the need, or what the object of the machine is and how it accomplishes that object.
an explanation of the cotton gin might present the woeful waste of time before the gin was invented and then show how the invention annuls that waste.
one of the periscope might state the object of invisible observation and then show how, by tubes and mirrors, this object is accomplished.
or finally, as a third general method, you may state the root principle and then expand in detail.
with this scheme you might state that the piano is an instrument in which felt hammers strike metal strings that are stretched across a sounding board, and then go on to show the significance, as related to this notion, of keys, pedals, music rest, and other details.
often this method is the most helpful for a reader, since it gives him at once a nucleus of theory round which he can group the details with immediate or rapid understanding of their relations and significance.
the description and explanation of a track-layer, which follows, is so made as to be both clear and interesting.
the track-layer is one of the most interesting tools with which the railway-builder carries out his epoch-making work.
it is a cumbersome, ungainly, and fearsome-looking implement, but with a convincing, grim, and business-like appearance.
on the front of the truck there is a lofty rectangular scaffolding of rigid construction, strongly based and supported for the hard, heavy work it has to perform.
a jib runs forward into the air from the bottom of either leg to meet at the outer extremity and to form a derrick.
the car on which the structure is mounted carries a number of small steam-engines, each of which has to perform a particular function, while at the commanding point high up on the rectangular construction is a small bridge, from which the man in control of the machine carries out his various tasks and controls the whole machine.
ropes, hooks, and pulleys are found on every side, and though, from the cursory point of view, it appears an intricate piece of mechanism, yet its operation is absurdly simple.
this machine constitutes the front vehicle of the train, with the bridge facing the grade and the projecting boom overhanging the track.
immediately behind are several trucks piled high with steel rails, fish-plates to secure connection between successive lengths of rails, spikes, and other necessaries.
then comes the locomotive, followed by a long train of trucks laden with sleepers.
on the right-hand side of the train, level with the deck of the trucks, extends a continuous trough, with its floor consisting of rollers.
the engine pushes the fore-part of the train slowly forward until the end of the last rail laid is approached.
the rollers in the trough, which is in reality a mechanical conveyor, are set in motion.
then the gangs of men stationed on the rear trucks with might and main pitch the bulky sleepers into the trough.
caught up by the rollers, the ties are whirled along to the front of the train, and tumble to the ground in a steady, continuous stream.
as they emerge, they are picked up by another gang of men who roughly throw them into position on to the grade.
other members of the gang, equipped with axes and crowbars, push, pull, haul, and prize the ties into their relative positions and at equal distances apart.
when thirty or forty sleepers have been deposited in this manner, a pair of steel rails are picked up by the booms from the trucks behind the track-layer, are swung through the air, and lowered.
as they near the ground ready hands grasp the bar of steel, steady it in its descent, and guide it into its correct position.
the noise is deafening, owing to the clattering of the weighty baulks of timber racing over the noisy rollers in the conveyor, the rattle of metal, and the clang-clang of the hammers as the men with powerful strokes drive home the spikes fastening the rail to its wooden bed, and the hissing and screeching of steam.
amid the silence of the wilderness the din created by the track-layer at work is heard for some time before you can gain a glimpse of the machine train.
the men speak but little, for the simple reason that they could scarcely make themselves heard if they attempted conversation.
each moves with wonderful precision, like a part of an intricate machine.
in this way the rail creeps forward relentlessly at a steady, monotonous pace.
the lines of sleepers and rails on the track disappear with amazing rapidity, and the men engaged in the task of charging the conveyor-trough and swinging the rails forward, appear to be in a mad race with steam-driven machinery.
the perspiration rolls off their faces in great beads, and they breathe heavily as they grasp and toss the weighty strips of timber about as if they were straws.
there is no pause or diminution in their speed.
if they ease up at all the fact becomes evident at the front in the course of a few seconds in a unanimous outcry from the gangs on the grade for more material, which spurs the lagging men on the trucks behind to greater effort.
the only respite from the exhausting labor is when the trucks have been emptied of all rails or sleepers and the engine has to run back for a further supply, or when the hooter rings out the time for meals or the cessation of labor.
the track-layer at work is the most fascinating piece of machinery in the building of a large railway.
the steam-shovel may be alluring, and the sight of a large hill of rock being blown sky-high may compel attention, but it is the mechanical means which have been evolved to carry out the last phase--the laying of the metals--that is the most bewitching.
one can see the railway growing in the fullest sense of the word--can see the thin, sinuous ribbon of steel crawling over the flat prairie, across spidery bridges, through ravine-like rock-cuts, gloomy tunnels, and along lofty embankments.
now and again, when the apparatus has secured a full complement of hands, and every other factor is conducive, the men will set to work in more deadly earnest than usual, bent on setting up a record.
races against time have become quite a craze among the crews operating the track-layer on the various railways throughout america, and consequently the men allow no opportunity to set up a new record, when all conditions are favorable, to slip by.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
organizations if you are explaining an organization you may again use the chronological order and show how the organization came about as it is, how for example the federal reserve board was appointed for certain reasons each of which has its correspondent in the constitution of the board.
such a method is useful in explaining the feudal system, the college fraternity, the national convention of a political party.
or, finally, you can state the root idea, sometimes appearing as purpose or significance, and then expand it.
a labor union, thus treated, is a body of men who individually have slight power of resisting organized capital, but can collectively obtain their rights and demands.
aids in gaining clearness clearness then, through centralization, is the all-important necessity of expositions of this type.
to aid in gaining this quality you will do well to avoid technical terms, as has already been mentioned.
you can make use of graphic charts when they will be useful, so long as they are not merely a lazy device for escaping the task of writing clearly.
some machines, such as the printing press or the rock drill, defy explanation without charts and plates.
textbooks often wisely make use of this device.
you can also use familiar illustrations, as the one here used of the reaper and binder or the one likening brooklyn bridge to a letter h with the sides far apart, the cross piece extended beyond the sides, and a cable looped over the tops of the sides.
such illustrations at the beginning of the whole or sections are useful in helping the reader to visualize.
another important aid to clearness is to take care that nothing is mentioned for which the way has not been prepared.
just as in a play we insist that the action of a character be consistent, that a good man do not suddenly commit wanton murder, and that the villain do not suddenly appear saintly, so we rightly demand that we be not suddenly confronted with a crank, wheel, office, or step in a process which bewilders us.
and when a detail has some special bearing, introduce it at the significant point.
to have told little johnny in the beginning that he must keep his chemicals away from flame would have avoided explosion and death; to declaim loudly after the explosion is of no value.
and finally, from a purely rhetorical standpoint, make careful transition from section to section so that the reader will know exactly where divisions occur, and make liberal use of summaries whenever they may be useful without being too cumbersome.
notice how, in the following paragraph, the writer has given the gist of the machines so that, if he wishes to expand and make a full treatment, he will still have a nucleus which will considerably facilitate the reader's understanding.
continuous dredges are of four types--the ladder, the hydraulic, the stirring, and the pneumatic dredges.
the ladder dredge excavates the bottom by means of a series of buckets running with great velocity along a ladder.
the buckets scrape the soil at the bottom, raise the dbris to the surface and discharge it into barges or conveyors so as to send it to its final destination.
the hydraulic dredge removes the material from the bottom by means of a large centrifugal pump which draws the materials, mixed with water, into a suction tube and forces them to distant points by means of a long line of pipes.
the stirring dredges are those employed in the excavation of soils composed of very finely divided particles; they agitate the soils and the material thus brought into suspension is carried away by the action or current of water.
the pneumatic dredges are those in which the material from the bottom is forced into the suction tube and thence into the discharging pipe, by the action of continuous jets of compressed air turned upward into the tube.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. van nostrand company, new york city.
notice also the care with which the author of the paragraph which follows and explains the phonopticon states early in his treatment the scientific basis for the operation of the machine, without knowing which a reader would be hopelessly confused to understand how the machine could possibly do what the author says it does.
the element selenium, when in crystalline form, possesses the peculiar property of being electro-sensitive to light.
it is a good or bad conductor of electricity according to the intensity of the light that falls upon it, and its response to variations of illumination is virtually instantaneous.
this interesting property has been utilized in a wide variety of applications, ranging from the transmission of a picture over a telegraph line to the automatic detection of comets; but by far the most marvelous application is that of the phonopticon....
it is an apparatus that will actually read a book or a newspaper, uttering a characteristic combination of musical sounds for every letter it scans.
the principle of operation is not difficult to understand.
a row of, say, three tiny selenium crystals is employed, each crystal forming part of a telephone circuit leading to a triple telephone-receiver.
in each circuit there is an interrupter that breaks up the current into pulsations, or waves, of sufficient frequency to produce a musical note in the receiver.
the frequency differs in the three circuits, so that each produces its characteristic pitch.
although the conductivity of selenium is increased by intensifying its illumination, the electrical connections in this apparatus are so chosen that while the crystals are illuminated no sounds are heard in the telephone, but when the crystals are darkened, there is an instant audible response.
the apparatus is placed upon the printed matter that is to be read, with the row of crystals disposed at right angles to the line of type.
the paper directly under the crystals is illuminated by a beam of light.
this is reflected from the unprinted part of the paper with sufficient intensity to keep the telephone quiet, but when the crystals are moved over the black printing, the light is diminished, and the crystals lose their conductivity, causing the telephone to respond with a set of sounds which vary with the shape of the letter.
suppose the apparatus was being moved over the letter v, the upper crystal would encounter the letter first, then the middle one would respond, next the lower one would come into action for an instant, followed by a second response of the middle crystal and a final response of the upper crystal.
the sound combination with such letters as s and o is more complicated but it is distinguishable.
when we read with the natural eye we do not spell out the words letter by letter, but recognize them by their appearance as a whole.
in the same way with the mechanical eye entire words can be recognized after a little practice.
* * * * * of course the phonopticon is yet in the laboratory stages, but it offers every prospect of practical success, and its possibilities are untold.
it is quite conceivable that the apparatus may be elaborated to such an extent that a blind man may see (by ear) where he is going.
his world may never be bathed in sunshine, but he may learn to admire the beauties of nature as translated from light into music.
but for this there is no need; no reason exists why you should not make this kind of writing attractive.
for you can, in addition to making a machine clear, endow it with life; in addition to enumerating the steps in a process, make it a fascinating adventure.
suppose that you are explaining how to learn to swim--is not the thought of waving one's arms and legs in dreamy or frantic rhythm as he lies prone across the piano bench humorous?
and is not the person who is trying to learn much alive, with the pit of his stomach nervously aware of the hardness of the bench?
why, then, make him a wooden automaton, or worse, a dead agent?
so long as you do not obscure the point that the reader should note, all the life, all the humor of which you and the process are capable should be introduced.
you ought to make the beautiful efficiency, the exquisite humming life of the thing, its poise, its athletic trimness so take hold of the reader that his imagination will be fired, his interest thoroughly aroused.
now this you cannot do by thrusting in extraneous matter to leaven the lump.
first of all, then, study your machine, your process, your organization, until you see what its quality is, its spirit, until you are yourself aware of its life, and then make this live for your reader.
a railroad locomotive should be made thrilling with its pomp and power, a military movement should be made an exquisitely quick piece of living constructive work, a submarine should have all the craft and the romance of a haunting redskin, the roasting of a goose should be made a process to rouse the joys of gluttony forevermore.
now to do this will require exercise of the imagination, and if you find yours weak your first duty is to develop it.
if it is strong and active, on the other hand, allow it free play, only watching lest it may obscure the subject--for clearness is always first.
there need, however, be no discrepancy between the two qualities.
the following extract from an essay by mr. dallas lore sharp illustrates the possibilities of both interest and truth.
stand up and lay your carpet with the perfect automatic.
you hold the handle and the perfect automatic does the rest.
it was the tool--a weird hybrid tool, part gun, part rake, part catapult, part curry-comb, fit apparently for almost any purpose, from the business of blunderbuss to the office of an apple-picker.
its handle, which any child could hold, was somewhat shorter and thicker than a hoe-handle, and had a slotted tin barrel on its ventral side along its entire length.
down this barrel, their points sticking through the slot, moved the tacks in single file to a spring-hammer close to the floor.
this hammer was operated by a lever or tongue at the head of the handle, the connection between the hammer at the distal end and the lever at the proximal end being effected by means of a steel-wire spinal cord down the dorsal side of the handle.
over the fist of a hammer spread a jaw of sharp teeth to take hold of the carpet.
the thing could not talk; but it could do almost anything else, so fearfully and wonderfully was it made.
as for laying carpets with it, any child could do that.
but we didn't have any children then, and i had quite outgrown my childhood.
i tried to be a boy again just for that night.
i grasped the handle of the perfect automatic, stretched with our united strength, and pushed down on the lever.
the spring-hammer drew back, a little trap at the end of the slotted tin barrel opened for the tack, the tack jumped out, turned over, landed point downward upon the right spot in the carpet, the crouching hammer sprang, and-- and then i lifted up the perfect automatic to see if the tack went in,--a simple act that any child could do, but which took automatically and perfectly all the stretch out of the carpet; for the hammer did not hit the tack; the tack really did not get through the trap; the trap did not open the slot; the slot--but no matter.
the perfect automatic stands in the garret with all its original varnish on.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
besides the devices that have been mentioned you can use that of making the agents in the action definite, real persons, and you can make a process seem to be actually going on before the eyes of the reader.
you can suffuse the whole theme with a human spirit, for everything has a human significance if only you will find it.
finally, use tact in approaching your reader.
rather regard him as a person desirous of knowing, your subject as a thing capable of interest, and yourself as a really enthusiastic devotee.
take this attitude, and as long as you make clear, so long your chances for success will be good.
indicate other practical root principles beside the one mentioned which a theme on any of the following subjects might well try to express.
how to teach a dog tricks--the patience required.
how to learn to swim--the humor, or the grim determination.
how to manage an automobile--the cool-headedness required.
how to find the trouble with a balky engine--the careful, patient, unangered searching.
how to make an exquisite angel cake--the delicacy necessary.
the aeroplane motor--its concentrated energy.
the reaper and binder--the coperation of parts.
the adding machine--the uncanny sureness of it.
the united states supreme court--its deliberateness.
the feudal system--its picturesque injustice.
the college literary society--its opportunities.
make two or more outlines for each subject, choosing your material to indicate different root principles.
wherein does the difference in material consist?
how much material is common to all the outlines on the same subject?
is this common material made of essential or non-essential facts?
find some simplifying device such as the one suggested for the reaper and binder, for any of the following mechanisms, and indicate how you would relate the parts of the machine to the device.
be sure that this sentence is sufficiently inclusive, has much meat.
the principle of the steel construction of sky scrapers.
the roman catholic church, or any other church.
how to detect the tricks of fakirs at county fairs.
in view of the fact that the text suggests avoidance of a beginning list of parts of a machine, what is your opinion of the list in this selection?
could the explanation have been made as well without this list?
would this explanation be as well done if the author began with hearing the machine at a distance, and then approached, described the appearance of the machine, and finally stated its principle?
does the method, the order, have any really close connection with the value of the explanation?
for a business man who wishes to reduce expenses in his office.
for a person who thinks that the clicking sound of the machine will be terribly disagreeable.
c. for an old gentleman who for years clung to the use of a quill, and has only within a few years brought himself to use a fountain pen.
fruit farming (limited to one kind of fruit).
for a city man of not too robust health but of considerable wealth who wishes a reasonably quiet pleasant existence.
c. for a person who has read burroughs and thinks that the poetic appeal of fruit trees and birds must be delightful.
for a college student who wishes to make much money.
for a person who always buys books from canvassers and whom you wish to enlighten as to their methods.
c. for a young man who possesses a glib tongue which he wishes to turn to good financial use.
for a man who wishes to improve the rgime in his city.
for a person who contends that our municipal government is hopelessly behind that of european cities.
c. for a politician of doubtful character who has served several terms as mayor under the old system.
for a person who declares that international coperation is impossible.
compare the two selections which follow, and determine which is the more interesting, and why.
would the kind of treatment that the second receives be fitting for the first?
rewrite each, in condensed form, in the style of the other.
it will, however, be necessary to commence with a short general explanation.
as we already know, the keel of a vessel is laid upon a row of blocks, and from the keel it grows upwards plate by plate.
as it thus gets higher and higher it has to be supported laterally, in order to keep it in an upright position, and for this reason strong props or shores are placed along the sides at frequent intervals.
now it is easy to see that the vessel cannot move until these shores have been taken away, yet, if they are removed, what is to prevent the ship from falling over?
this dilemma is avoided by putting the vessel on what is called a cradle.
it is to my mind best described by comparison with a sledge.
a sledge has a body on which the passenger or load is placed, while under it are runners, smooth strips which will slide easily over the slippery surfaces of the snow, and finally there is the smooth snow to form the track.
they are several feet wide, and long enough to reach right down into the water.
needless to say, they are very strong, and the upper surface is quite smooth so that the runners will slide easily, and there is a raised edge on each to keep them from gliding off sideways.
finally upon the runners is built up the body of the cradle itself.
timber is again the material, and it is carefully fitted to the underside of the ship so that, when the weight is transferred from the blocks under it to the cradle, it will rest evenly and with the least possible strain; for it must be borne in mind that a ship is designed to be supported on the soft even bed which the water affords and not on a timber framework.
there is a danger, therefore, of the hull becoming distorted while resting upon the cradle, so it is stayed and strengthened inside with temporary timber work.
so far all seems easy, but the weight of the ship is still on the blocks, while the cradle is as yet doing practically nothing.
there remains the stupendous task of transferring the weight of the ship, thousands of tons, from one to the other.
this is left until the morning of the day appointed for the launch, and it is then done by a method which is quite startling in its simplicity.
the power to be obtained by means of a wedge has been known for ages, yet it is that simple device which enables this seemingly impossible work to be accomplished with ease.
but of course they cannot be driven one at a time, as a single wedge would simply crush into the timber without lifting the cradle at all; they are therefore all driven at once.
an army of men are employed, and they all stand with heavy hammers ready to strike.
at the sound of a gong a thousand hammers fall as one, and a thousand wedges begin to raise the ship with the cradle on it.
then a second sound on the gong, and a second time a thousand hammers strike together; then again and again, until all the wedges have been driven home and the weight of the ship has been lifted partly off the blocks on to the cradle.
then the blocks are gradually removed, a proceeding which is rendered easy by the fact that it has for one of the layers which compose it a pair of wedges which can be easily withdrawn so as to leave all the other timbers free.
there are an enormous number of these blocks to be removed from under a big ship, and the operation takes considerable time.
they are removed, too, gradually, so that the whole of the weight of the ship, which will ultimately rest upon the cradle, may come on to it by degrees, and so if there should be anything wrong--with the cradle, for instance--the operation of removing the blocks could be suspended before it had gone too far; for the engineer, though he sometimes does very daring things, and none more daring than the launching of a big ship, is really a very cautious man, and always likes to keep on the safe side.
at portsmouth there is an old custom in connection with the removal of the blocks from under the ship which prescribes that the men shall sing at their work.
close to the bow is a gaily decorated platform, crowded with people, while thousands occupy stands on either side, and still more stand on the open ground and on every point from which a view can be obtained.
on the bow of the vessel there is hung a festoon of flowers with a bottle of wine concealed in it, while round the bow passes a cord, the ends of which are supporting the weights which hang just over the dog-shores.
as the clock strikes, the lady who is to perform the ceremony, a royal duchess, arrives upon the scene and takes her place on the elevated platform close to the bow of the ship.
a short religious service is conducted by the chaplain of the dockyard assisted by the choir of the dockyard church, and then the duchess leans forward, takes hold of the wine bottle suspended by the floral festoon, draws it towards her and lets it go again.
then an official steps forward with a mallet and chisel.
the former he hands to the lady, while the latter he holds with its edge upon the cord.
now is the critical moment, and among all the thousands of spectators not a sound is to be heard.
a few blows of the mallet upon the chisel and the cord is severed; exactly at the same moment the two weights fall, the dog-shores are knocked out of the way, and the great vessel begins slowly and majestically to glide down to the water.
the few remaining blocks under the bow are pulled over by the motion of the ship, and fall with a crash, which is soon drowned by the cheers of the people and sounds of patriotic airs played by the band.
there are a large number of sailors and workmen upon the ship, and as soon as she is in the water they drop the anchors and bring her to rest, while tugs rush to her and take her in tow to the dock where she is to be fitted up.
it is made in two halves, the part on each side being connected to that on the other by chains passing under the keel, and in these chains there is a connection which can be released by pulling a cord from the deck of the ship.
when the ship has reached the water, therefore, and the cradle has done its work, the cord is pulled and the two halves of the cradle, being mainly of timber, float off, to be captured and towed back to shore.
the grease upon the launching ways and cradle is melted by the heat due to friction, and much of it is to be found floating upon the water immediately after the launch, so numbers of small boats immediately put off and men with scoops collect it.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
we may regard as the central meaning that with which we are most familiar,--a part of the body.
here again there is no reason for deriving any of our ten special senses from any other.
they are mutually independent, each proceeding in a direct line from the central primary meaning of head.
the main process of radiation is so simple that it is useless to multiply examples.
we may proceed, therefore, to scrutinize its operations in certain matters of detail.
in the first place, we observe that any derived meaning may itself become the source of one or more further derivatives.
it may even act as a center whence such derivatives radiate in considerable numbers, precisely as if it were the primary sense of the word.
and each of these senses may radiate in several directions.
and some of these meanings may also be further developed.
but it may come perfectly well from the central meaning.
in every animal but man the head actually precedes the rest of the body as the creature moves.
by a succession of radiations the development of meanings may become almost infinitely complex.
no dictionary can ever register a tithe of them, for, so long as a language is alive, every speaker is constantly making new specialized applications of its words.
each particular definition in the fullest lexicon represents, after all, not so much a single meaning as a little group of connected ideas, unconsciously agreed upon in a vague way by the consensus of those who use the language.
the limits of the definition must always be vague, and even within these limits there is large scope for variety.
if the speaker does not much transgress these limits in a given instance, we understand his meaning.
yet we do not and cannot see all the connotations which the word has in the speaker's mind.
he has given us a conventional sign or symbol for his idea.
our interpretation of the sign will depend partly on the context or the circumstances, partly on what we know of the speaker, and partly on the association which we ourselves attach to the word in question.
these considerations conduct us, once more, to the principle on which we have so often insisted.
once more we are forced to admit that language, after all, is essentially poetry.
besides the complexity that comes from successive radiation, there is a perpetual exchange of influences among the meanings themselves.
if two very different senses of a word are present to the mind at the same moment, the result is a pun, intentional or unintentional.
if the senses are subtly related, so that they enforce or complement each other, our phrase becomes imaginatively forcible, or, in other words, recognizable poetry as distinguished from the unconscious poetry of language.
so, too, the sudden re-association of a derived sense with the central meaning of a word may produce a considerable change in effect.
yet it may, at any moment, flash back to the original meaning, and be revivified as a conscious metaphor for the nonce.
radiation is a very simple process, though its results may become beyond measure complicated.
it consists merely in divergent specialization from a general center.
it is always easy to follow the spokes back to the hub.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
write a theme on any of the following subjects, adapting your style to the character of the subject--formal or informal, impersonal or personal, etc.
in each of these subjects discover the root principle which will serve as your controlling object, and state it in a sentence.
state also how you expect to make the theme interesting.
the physiological process of stimulation.
the process of simplification in language.
how big steel beams are put in place on the twentieth story.
the process of inoculating land for alfalfa.
the process of making a trial balance sheet.
how to audit the accounts of a club, store, treasurer, or organization.
which method of treatment is more effective?
would you be willing to lay down a general rule about the method of treatment?
in the following selection you will find an account of how an engineering problem was solved.
the shoshone, or keokuk, or roosevelt dam.
the construction of the reservoirs and aqueduct for bringing a daily supply of five hundred million gallons into new york from the catskill mountains has involved engineering work of great magnitude, and in some cases of considerable perplexity and difficulty.
as it turned out, the most serious problem was encountered at the hudson river, where the engineers had to determine upon the best method for conducting the water past that great natural obstacle.
four alternative plans were considered: first, to lay steel pipes in trenches dredged across the river bottom; second, to drive a tunnel through the glacial deposit in the river bottom; third, to carry the aqueducts across the river on a bridge; and lastly, to build a huge inverted siphon at a depth sufficient to bring it entirely within the solid underlying rock.
to determine the depth and character of the rock, fifteen vertical holes were drilled from the surface of the river, and two inclined holes, of different degrees of inclination, were driven from each shore.
now it was realized that a deep-pressure tunnel, to be perfectly reliable, must lie in absolutely sound and unfissured rock; and since it was impossible to test the rock by vertical borings made from scows anchored in the river, the engineers determined to explore the underlying material by means of inclined borings driven from either shore.
a good rock was found at that level.
the rock was found to be perfectly satisfactory, and such water as was found was limited in extent and due to well-understood geologic causes.
by courtesy of the scientific american publishing company.
in the following account of an emotional and mental process what root principle do you find?
does the author show traces of influence from the intended readers, the american public?
does the author take too much for granted in the reader, or not enough?
does she show tact in approaching the reader?
what light does your estimate throw upon the advice to make the actors in a process specific?
how long would you say, wise reader, it takes to make an american?
by the middle of my second year in school i had reached the sixth grade.
when, after the christmas holidays, we began to study the life of washington, running through a summary of the revolution, and the early days of the republic, it seemed to me that all my reading and study had been idle until then.
the reader, the arithmetic, the song book, that had so fascinated me until now, became suddenly sober exercise books, tools wherewith to hew a way to the source of inspiration.
when the teacher read to us out of a big book with many bookmarks in it, i sat rigid with attention in my little chair, my hands tightly clasped on the edge of my desk; and i painfully held my breath, to prevent sighs of disappointment escaping, as i saw the teacher skip the parts between bookmarks.
when the class read, and it came my turn, my voice shook and the book trembled in my hands.
i could not pronounce the name of george washington without a pause.
never had i prayed, never had i chanted the songs of david, never had i called upon the most holy, in such utter reverence and worship as i repeated the simple sentences of my child's story of the patriot.
i gazed with adoration at the portraits of george and martha washington, till i could see them with my eyes shut.
and whereas formerly my self-consciousness had bordered on conceit, and i thought myself an uncommon person, parading my schoolbooks through the streets, and swelling with pride when a teacher detained me in conversation, now i grew humble all at once, seeing how insignificant i was beside the great.
as i read about the noble boy who would not tell a lie to save himself from punishment, i was for the first time truly repentant of my sins.
formerly i had fasted and prayed and made sacrifice on the day of atonement, but it was more than half play, in mimicry of my elders.
i had no real horror of sin, and i knew so many ways of escaping punishment.
i am sure my family, my neighbors, my teachers in polotzk--all my world, in fact--strove together, by example and precept, to teach me goodness.
saintliness had a new incarnation in about every third person i knew.
i did respect the saints, but i could not help seeing that most of them were a little bit stupid, and that mischief was much more fun than piety.
goodness, as i had known it, was respectable, but not necessarily admirable.
the people i really admired, like my uncle solomon, and cousin rachel, were those who preached the least and laughed the most.
my sister frieda was perfectly good, but she did not think the less of me because i played tricks.
what i loved in my friends was not inimitable.
one could be downright good if one really wanted to.
one could be learned if one had books and teachers.
one could sing funny songs and tell anecdotes if one traveled about and picked up such things, like one's uncles and cousins.
but a human being strictly good, perfectly wise, and unfailingly valiant, all at the same time, i had never heard or dreamed of.
this wonderful george washington was as inimitable as he was irreproachable.
even if i had never, never told a lie, i could not compare myself to george washington; for i was not brave--i was afraid to go out when snowballs whizzed--and i could never be the first president of the united states.
so i was forced to revise my own estimate of myself.
but the twin of my new-born humility, paradoxical as it may seem, was a sense of dignity i had never known before.
for if i found that i was a person of small consequence, i discovered at the same time that i was more nobly related than i had ever supposed.
i had relatives and friends who were notable people by the old standards,--i had never been ashamed of my family,--but this george washington, who died long before i was born, was like a king in greatness, and he and i were fellow citizens.
there was a great deal about fellow citizens in the patriotic literature we read at this time; and i knew from my father how he was a citizen, through the process of naturalization, and how i also was a citizen, by virtue of my relation to him.
undoubtedly i was a fellow citizen, and george washington was another.
it thrilled me to realize what sudden greatness had fallen on me; and at the same time it sobered me, as with a sense of responsibility.
i strove to conduct myself as befitted a fellow citizen.
before books came into my life, i was given to star-gazing and day-dreaming.
when books were given me, i fell upon them as a glutton pounces on his meat after a period of enforced starvation.
i lived with my nose in a book, and took no notice of the alternations of the sun and stars.
but now, after the advent of george washington and the american revolution, i began to dream again.
i strayed on the common after school instead of hurrying home to read.
i hung on fence rails, my pet book forgotten under my arm, and gazed off to the yellow-streaked february sunset, and beyond, and beyond.
i was no longer the central figure of my dreams; the dry weeds in the lane crackled beneath the tread of heroes.
i was in very earnest proclaiming to the world my love for my newfound country.
boston harbor, crescent beach, chelsea square--all was hallowed ground to me.
delicious tremors ran up and down my spine, and i was faint with suppressed enthusiasm.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
finding that classical music is interesting.
a despised person becomes, on acquaintance, delightful.
becoming reconciled to a new town, or system of government, or catalogue system in a library.
learning that not everything was discovered by an american.
becoming aware that there is a life of thought.
becoming reconciled to a great loss of money or friends.
fitting into the town circles after a year away at college.
discovering that some beliefs of childhood must be abandoned.
perceiving that you really agree with some one with whom you have been violently squabbling.
the literary person finds attractiveness in engineering and agriculture--and vice versa.
working out a practical personal philosophy of life.
acquiring the college point of view in place of the high-school attitude.
discovering one's racial or national loyalty.
finding out that the world does not depend on any individual, but goes ahead, whether he lives or dies.
when we are among intimate friends we give our opinions, based on our personal reaction to the subject of inquiry or on our impartial estimate of it as an automobile, a musical performance, a collection of books, or an agricultural machine.
many of us give a large space in our conversation to such estimates on all conceivable subjects.
and, for purposes of insignificant conversation, there is no reason why we should not.
but that is exactly what we are doing, whether we praise or blame, accept or reject, so long as we base our opinion on sincere personal or sound principles, we criticize.
so long as our notions of good roads are sound, so long as we react sensibly, with balance, to the smooth rounding way, we make good criticism, we judge the worth of the subject of criticism and find it either good or bad.
it is to be noted that this criticism is something more than mere comment, than mere off-hand remarks.
only when we have a well-considered basis of either principle or personal feeling can we be at all certain of our opinions.
now the range in which our opinions, our criticisms, may be expressed, is as wide as human thought and accomplishment.
we sometimes think of criticism as being confined to literature and art, and speak of literary criticism, musical criticism, dramatic criticism, and art criticism, as if these were all.
the term criticism has actually been so restricted in common practice that unless otherwise noted it is taken for granted as applying to these subjects.
but criticism is much more comprehensive than such restriction indicates: any object or subject is capable of criticism.
just as we might arrive at the conclusion that booth tarkington's stories about penrod are either good or bad, so we might say that a make of piano, a type of bridle, a new kind of fertilizer, a method of bookkeeping, a recipe for angel cake is good or is sufficient or is valueless.
we might have--in fact we do have--engineering criticism, carpenter criticism, needlework criticism, poultry criticism, and as many kinds as there are classes of subjects.
in this treatment we shall use the term in this broad sense and include all subjects in our scope.
of course we are to remember that the criticism becomes of more value as the subject of criticism is of more moment: criticism of the drama is nobler, perhaps, than criticism of egg beaters and picture hooks.
we must also remember that the less high orders of criticism are neither useless nor undesirable but often most helpful.
requirements demanded of the critic since, then, the brand of the critic is on us all, since we practice the habit, consciously or not, most of the time, and since the range is so wide, no reason exists why we should be terrified at the thought of writing criticism, of making formal estimate.
certain requirements are demanded, to be sure; not every one can dive into the sea of criticism without making an awkward splash and receiving a reddening smart.
but these requirements are in no way beyond the possibility of acquiring by any one who will set himself to the task.
we have seen that analysis consists in breaking a subject into its components, in discovering of what it is made.
this is the first great necessity in criticizing.
you wish, for example, to make a criticism of a new rifle for your friends.
if, on the other hand, you remark that the rifle is admirable because of its sights, its general accuracy, its cartridge chamber, its comparative freedom from recoil, then you will be giving your friends definite and useful criticism, for you will have analyzed the virtue of the object into its components.
now this necessity for analysis exists in criticism of literature and art just as in criticism of rifles.
before you can properly estimate the value of a novel or a play you must divide the impression it makes into the various heads, such as emotional power, convincingness in the message of the book or play, truth to life, and whatever heading you may think necessary.
until you do this your impressions, your judgments will of necessity be vague and dim in their outlines, and though they may seem to be comprehensive, will be found actually to be insufficient to give your reader or listener a firm notion of the subject--he will have no nucleus of thought round which his total estimate will center.
as soon, however, as you analyze, and make definite, so soon he will receive real enlightenment.
in the following account of the work of james russell lowell at the court of saint james we find at once this careful breaking of the subject into parts which can be treated definitely.
had the writer merely uttered general impressions of the diplomacy of our ambassador we who read should have been comparatively unhelped.
but to them we must observe, that they know so little of the subject of diplomacy that their opinion is of no sort of consequence.
the aim of diplomacy is not to provoke war, but to keep the peace; it is not to beget irritation, or to keep it alive, but to produce and maintain a pacific temper; not to make disputes hard, but easy, to settle; not to magnify differences of interest or feeling, but to make them seem small; not to win by threats, but by persuasion; not to promote mutual ignorance, but mutual comprehension--to be, in short, the representative of a christian nation, and not of a savage tribe.
no foreign minister, it is safe to say, has ever done these things so successfully in the same space of time as mr. lowell.
if it be a service to the united states to inspire englishmen with respect such as they have never felt before for american wit and eloquence and knowledge, and thus for american civilization itself, nobody has rendered this service so effectually as he has done.
what they know least of, and had had most doubts about, is american progress in acquiring those gifts and graces which are commonly supposed to be the inheritance of countries that have left the ruder beginnings of national life far behind, and have had centuries of leisure for art, literature, and science.
as far as blood and training go, there is no more genuine american than he.
he went to england as pure a product of the american soil as ever landed there, and yet he at once showed english scholars that in the field of english letters they had nothing to teach him.
in that higher political philosophy which all englishmen are now questioning so anxiously, he has spoken not only as a master, but almost as an oracle.
in the lighter but still more difficult arts, too, which make social gatherings delightful and exciting to intellectual men, in the talk which stimulates strong brains and loosens eloquent tongues, he has really reduced the best-trained and most loquacious london diners-out to abashed silence.
in fact, he has, in captivating english society,--harder, perhaps, to cultivate, considering the vast variety of culture it contains, than any other society in the world,--in making every englishman who met him wish that he were an englishman too, performed a feat such as no diplomatist, we believe, ever performed before.
for a man who has never thought about musical form to attempt criticism of a sonata is foolish--he can at best merely comment.
it is this fact that vitiates much of the cracker-barrel criticism of the country store--subjects are estimated about which the critic is largely ignorant.
when an uneducated person makes shrewd comment, as he often does, on a play, he will usually be found to have criticized a character such as he has known or the outcome of a situation the like of which he is familiar with rather than the play as a whole.
now perfect criticism would demand perfect knowledge, but since that is impossible, a good working knowledge will suffice, the wider the better.
knowledge of the general principles of piano playing will enable a critic to estimate, in the large, the work of a performer; he cannot criticize minutely until he has added more detailed knowledge to his mental equipment.
since a critic is in many ways a guide, he must guard as sacred his ability to see the straight road and to refuse the appeal of by-paths, however attractive.
this is far from meaning that the critic should give no weight to the opinions of others; you should always do that; but, having examined the subject, and knowing your opinions, you should then speak the truth as you see it.
your one final desire should be to go to the heart of the matter accurately, and then to state this clearly.
and just as you do not blindly accept a great name, so do not be wheedled by gloss and appearance, but keep a steady aim for the truth.
is not a sufficient remark to condemn the thing.
methods of criticism armed with open-mindedness, then, with balance and common sense, with knowledge of the field, and with ability to analyze, you are ready to begin.
though no absolutely sharp line can be drawn between kinds of criticism, we may treat of three that are fairly distinct: the historical method, the method by standards, and the appreciative.
in most criticism we are likely to find more than one method employed, often all three.
you need not confine yourself to one any more than a carpenter need refuse to use any but one tool, but for purposes of comprehension and presentation we shall keep the three here fairly distinct.
we shall examine the three now, briefly, in the order named.
you find in it red men idealized out of the actual, red men such as presumably never existed.
but you will not thereby have disposed of cooper.
much better it would be to ask, how came this man to write thus?
how did men at that time regard the indian?
in answering these questions you will relate cooper's novel to the time in which it was written, you will see that before that time the indian was regarded with unmixed fear, as too often since with contempt, and that at only that time could he have been idealized as cooper treats him.
you would relate the novel to the whole movement of sentimentalism, which thought that it believed the savage more noble than civilized man, and you would then, and only then, get a proper perspective.
your original judgment, that cooper's indians are not accurate portraits of their kind, would not be modified; for the whole work, however, you would have a new attitude.
likewise you will discover that the old three-legged milking stool has been in immemorial use in rude byres and stables, since three points--the ends of the legs--always make a firm plane, which four points do not necessarily do.
and one hundred years hence, when a critic comes to judge the nature faking of the early twentieth century, he will relate this sentimental movement to the times in which it appeared, and, though he may well finally be disgusted, he will understand what the thing was and meant, how it came about, what causes produced it.
illustration of the value of this method is found in the following historical account of the american business man.
to a european this man sometimes is inexplicable--until he reads some illuminating setting forth of the facts as here.
as long as the economic opportunities of american life consisted chiefly in the appropriation and improvement of uncultivated land, the average energetic man had no difficulty in obtaining his fair share of the increasing american economic product; but the time came when such opportunities, although still important, were dwarfed by other opportunities, incident to the development of a more mature economic system.
these opportunities which were, of course, connected with the manufacturing, industrial, and technical development of the country, demanded under american conditions a very special type of man--the man who would bring to his task not merely energy, but unscrupulous devotion, originality, daring, and in the course of time a large fund of instructive experience.
the early american industrial conditions differed from those of europe in that they were fluid, and as a result of this instability, extremely precarious.
rapid changes in markets, business methods, and industrial machinery made it difficult to build up a safe business.
a manufacturer or a merchant could not secure his business salvation, as in europe, merely by the adoption of sound conservative methods.
the american business man had greater opportunities and a freer hand than his european prototype; but he was too beset by more severe, more unscrupulous, and more dangerous competition.
the industrious and thrifty farmer could be fairly sure of a modest competence, due partly to his own efforts, and partly to the increased value of his land in a more populous community; but the business man had no such security.
he was presented with choice between aggressive daring business operations, and financial insignificance or ruin.
no doubt this situation was due as much to the temper of the american business man as to his economic environment.
the business man in seeking to realize his ambitions and purposes was checked neither by government control nor social custom.
he had nothing to do and nothing to consider except his own business advancement and success.
he liked the excitement and risk of large operations.
the capital at his command was generally too small for the safe and conservative operation of his business; and he was consequently obliged to be adventurous, or else to be left behind in the race.
he might well be earning enormous profits one year and be skirting bankruptcy the next.
under such a stress conservatism and caution were suicidal.
it was the instinct of self-preservation, as well as the spirit of business adventure, which kept him constantly seeking for larger markets, improved methods, or for some peculiar means of getting ahead of his competitors.
he had no fortress behind which he could hide and enjoy his conquests.
surrounded as he was by aggressive enemies and undefended frontiers, his best means of security lay in a policy of constant innovation and expansion.
moreover, even after he had obtained the bulwark of sufficient capital and more settled industrial surroundings, he was under no temptation to quit and enjoy the spoils of his conquests.
the social, intellectual, or even the more vulgar pleasures, afforded by leisure and wealth, could bring him no thrill which was anything like as intense as that derived from the exercise of his business ability and power.
he could not conquer except by virtue of a strong, tenacious, adventurous, and unscrupulous will; and after he had conquered, this will had him in complete possession.
he had nothing to do but to play the game to the end--even though his additional profits were of no living use to him.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
in criticizing literature and art this method is often difficult, for we must take into account race, geography, and other conditions.
we must see that only in new england, of all the sections of the united states, could hawthorne have written, that tolstoi could not have written in illinois as he did in russia, that norse sagas could not have appeared among tropical peoples, that among the french alone, perhaps, could racine have come to literary power as he did.
and in examining the work of two writers who treat the same subject in general, as miss jewett and mrs. freeman treat new england life, we shall find the influence of ancestry and environment and training largely determining, on the one hand the quaint fine sunshine, on the other hand the stern hard puritanism.
we shall also have to learn what incidents in an author's life have helped to determine his point of view, how early poverty, or sorrow, or a great experience of protracted agony or joy have made him sympathetic, or how aristocratic breeding and the early introduction into exclusive circles have made him naturally unresponsive to some of the squalor, the sadness of lowly life.
we shall perceive that the early removal of scott to the country began his intense love for scottish scenery and history, that the bitter laughter of byron's mother turned part of the poet's nature to gall.
in other words, when we are dealing with the exquisitely fine products of impassioned thought we have a difficult task because so many influences mold these thoughts, so many lines of procedure are determined by conditions outside the particular author or artist, all of which must be considered if we wish our work to be really of value.
the following illustration shows in brief space the attempt to link a movement in literature to the times in which it appeared, to show that it is naturally a product of the general feeling of the times.
this tendency is in line with the basic trend of our times, and represents the attempt in verse, as in many other branches of expression, to cast off a certain passionate illusionment and approach the universe as it actually is--the universe of science, perhaps, rather than that of the thrilled human heart.
this is the kernel of the entire new movement, as has already been clearly pointed out by several writers on the subject.
we are shown countless objects and movements, and these objects and movements are glimpsed panoramically from the point of view of outline, color, and interrelation, as through the senses merely; the transfiguring lens of the soul is seldom interposed or felt to be present.
they have ceased to be signs of a less outward reality, they have become that reality itself--reality apprehended from a singly sensuous standpoint untainted by any of the human emotions of triumph or sorrow, pity or adoration.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
this method seeks, then, to place a work, whether of art or science or industry, in its place in the whole course of development of such ideas.
it examines causes such as commercial demands, general prosperity, war, and only after this examination gives the work its estimate of value.
now this method may seem uninteresting, dry, dull.
for it is inevitably impersonal, it looks at the thing perhaps coldly--at least without passion.
but in so doing, and in considering the precedents and surroundings of the object of criticism, it largely escapes the superficiality of personal whim, and it avoids silly reaction to unaccustomed things.
much of our empty criticism of customs in dress and manners of architecture such as that of southern california, of other religions such as those of the chinese and the hindoos, would be either done away or somewhat modified if we used this method.
one reason, perhaps, why the goths destroyed the beautiful art works of rome was the fact that they had not the critical spirit, did not relate these works to their development and race.
by linking the object of criticism to the race as a whole, by seeing how and why it became created, the critic is largely broadened and the reader is kept from superficiality.
moreover, when this method is not too abstractly pursued, it gives to things, after all, a human meaning, for it links them to humanity.
that it may be misleading in literature and art is obvious, for a creation may be accounted for in an attractive way as the result of certain forces that had their beginnings in sense and wisdom, and so be made to seem admirable, whereas it really has little worth on a basis of lasting usefulness and significance.
but, properly and thoroughly used, this method, even though it gives us an account of a work rather than finally settling its value, scatters away the vague mists of superficial generalization and drives deeply into causes and results.
in using this method we try to determine whether the object of criticism fulfills the demands of its type, whether its quality is high or low.
for example, we thus judge a tennis court as to its firm footing, its softness, its retention of court lines, its position as regards the sun.
in all these qualities an ideal tennis court would be satisfactory; the question is, is this one.
so a headache powder should relieve pain without injuring with evil drugs; if this one does, we shall not condemn it.
an evangelist should have certain qualities of piety and reverence, and should accomplish certain lasting results; we shall judge billy sunday, for example, according to whether he does or does not fulfill these demands.
likewise a lyric poem should have certain qualities of freshness, grace, passion, by which we rate any given lyric.
in fact, we ask, in any given case, does this work do what such a thing is supposed to do, does it have the qualities that such a thing is supposed to have?
and on our answer will depend our judgment.
this is the kind of criticism that business men use constantly; they rate a cash system or a form of order blank or an arrangement of counters in a store on the basis of the presence or absence of the qualities that distinguish an ideal system, blank, arrangement.
in the following example we have a combination of the historical and the standards methods, finally accounting for and judging the value of the common kinds of cargo steamers.
a trip round any busy seaport will show the reader, if he has not noticed it already, that there are many different types of the ordinary cargo steamer.
the feature which displays the difference most noticeably is the arrangement of the structures on the deck, and it may be reasonably asked why there are these varieties, and how it is that a common type has not come to be agreed upon.
the answer to that question is that the differences are not merely arbitrary, but are due to a variety of influences, and it will be interesting to look briefly at these, as the reader will then be able, the next time he sees a cargo steamer, to understand something of the ideas underlying its design.
on the face of it this seems a very simple and admirable arrangement.
it had many disadvantages, however, as we shall see.
in the first place, it permitted a wave to come on board at the bow and sweep right along the deck, often doing great damage.
that, however, was not sufficient, so ships were built with an upper deck, so that the bow should be high enough to cut through the waves instead of allowing the water to come on board.
the difficulty was therefore got over in this way.
nor did either of these sufficiently protect that very important point, the engine-room.
for it needs but a moment's thought to see that there must be openings in the deck over the engines and boilers, and if a volume of water should get down these, it might extinguish the fires and leave the ship helpless, absolutely at the mercy of the waves.
the light navigating bridge was therefore developed into a substantial structure the whole width of the ship, surrounding and protecting the engine-and-boiler-room openings, and incidentally providing accommodation for the officers.
the engines, of course, need to be in the center, for they represent considerable weight, which, if not balanced, will cause one end of the ship to float too high in the water.
thus the hold of the ship is divided by the engine-room into two approximately equal parts, but out of the after-hold must be taken the space occupied by the tunnel through which the propeller shaft runs, from the engine to the screw.
thus the capacity of the after-hold becomes less than the forward one, and if both are filled with a homogeneous cargo such as grain (and, as we shall see presently, such a cargo must always entirely fill the hold), the forward part of the ship would float high in the water.
the trouble could not be rectified by placing the engines further forward, for then the ship would not float properly when light.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
in the following paragraphs professor thomas r. lounsbury of yale university criticizes the use of final e in english words.
you will note that he uses a combination of the historical method and the method by standards.
especially is this so when it serves no useful purpose.
adding it at random to syllables, and especially to final syllables, is supposed to give a peculiar old-time flavor to the spelling.
for this belief there is, to some extent, historic justification.
the letter still remains appended to scores of words in which it has lost the pronunciation once belonging to it.
again, it has been added to scores of others apparently to amplify their proportions.
we have in our speech a large number of monosyllables.
in proper names, particularly, it is felt to impart a certain distinction to the appellation, lifting it far above the grade of low associations.
it has the crowning merit of uselessness; and in the eyes of many uselessness seems to be regarded as the distinguishing mark of any noble class, either of things or persons.
still, i have so much respect for the rights of property that it seems to me every man ought to have the privilege of spelling and pronouncing his own name in any way he pleases.
hence, it became the common ending of the noun.
the feeling still continues to affect us all.
our eyes have become so accustomed to seeing a final e which no one thinks of pronouncing, that the word is felt by some to have a certain sort of incompleteness if it be not found there.
this seems to be a distinction peculiar to himself.
this, it need hardly be said, is a crude and unscientific method of denoting pronunciation.
it is far removed from the ideal that no letter should exist in a word which is not sounded.
yet, to some extent, this artificial makeshift has been, and still is, a working principle.
were it carried out consistently it might be regarded as, on the whole, serving a useful purpose.
but here, as well as elsewhere, the trail of the orthographic serpent is discoverable.
here as elsewhere it renders impossible the full enjoyment of even this slight section of an orthographic paradise.
here, as elsewhere, manifests itself the besetting sin of our spelling, that there is no consistency in the application of any principle.
in these the preceding vowel is not long but short.
still, in the case of some of these words, the operation of this principle has had, and is doubtless continuing to have, a certain influence.
in the early nineteenth century, if we can trust the most authoritative dictionaries, the word was regularly pronounced in england as if spelled hs-t[)i]l. so it is to-day in america.
consequently, a usual, and probably the usual, pronunciation there is hos-t[=i]le.
we can see a similar tendency manifested in the case of several other adjectives.
were the principle here indicated fully carried out, pronunciations now condemned as vulgarisms would displace those now considered correct.
doubtless he heard such pronunciations from some men.
the pronunciations ridiculed by dickens would be the only pronunciations allowable.
by courtesy of the publishers, harper & brothers, new york city.
now it is evident that unless the critic's standards are fair and sensible, unless they are known to be sound and essential, his criticism is likely to be valueless.
if my ideas of the qualities of ideal tennis courts are erratic or queer, my judgment of the individual court will be untrustworthy.
your first duty as critic, then, is to look at your standards.
in judging such things as ice cream freezers, motorcycles, filing systems, fertilizers, rapid-firing guns, and other useful devices, you will find no great difficulty in choosing your standards.
when you come to literature and the arts, however, you find a difficult task.
for who shall say exactly what a lyric poem shall do?
or who shall bound the field of landscape painting?
no sooner does reynolds begin painting, after he has formulated the laws of his art and stated them with decision, than he violates them all.
no sooner did musicians settle just what a sonata must be than a greater musician appeared who transcended the narrower form.
moreover, in the field of literature and the arts we often find great difficulty in surmounting the cast of our individual minds; we like certain types and are unconsciously led to condemn all others.
the great critic rises superior to his peculiar likes and prejudices, but most of us are hindered by them.
one great benefit to be derived from writing this particular kind of criticism is in gaining humility--humility at the greatness of some of the works of the past, before which, when we really look at them, we are moved to stand uncovered, and humility at the lack of real analysis that we have made before we attempt the criticism, and finally humility at the tremendous effort we must make to write criticism at all worthy of the subjects.
but the difficulty of writing such criticism well should make you exert yourself to the utmost to acquire skill before you attempt this form.
this method, like the historical, makes against superficiality, for it necessitates real knowledge of the class to which the object of criticism belongs, the purposes of the class, its bearings, and then a sure survey of the individual itself.
and in forcing the critic to examine his standards to determine their fairness and soundness it makes against hasty judgment.
properly used, this method should result in something like finality of judgment.
in such cases you will make use of what is called appreciative criticism.
this method consists in interpreting, often for one who does not know the work, the value of the work, the good things in it, either as they appear to one who studies or as they affect the critic.
after reading a new book, for example, or attending a concert, or driving a wonderfully smooth running automobile, or watching the team work in a football game, you are primarily interested in the phenomena shown as they are in their picturesque individuality or in your own emotional reaction to them.
in the following example george gissing makes an appreciative criticism of english cooking, not by coldly tracing the historical influences that have made this cooking what it is, nor by subjecting it to certain fixed standards to which admirable cooking should attain, but rather by telling us what english cooking is and by giving us the flavor of his own emotional delight in it.
as so often when my praise has gone forth for things english, i find myself tormented by an after-thought--the reflection that i have praised a time gone by.
a newspaper tells me that english beef is non-existent; that the best meat bearing that name has merely been fed up in england for a short time before killing.
well, well; we can only be thankful that the quality is still so good.
real english mutton still exists, i suppose.
it would surprise me if any other country could produce the shoulder i had yesterday.
perhaps even our own cookery has seen its best days.
it is a lamentable fact that the multitude of english people nowadays never taste roasted meat; what they call by that name is baked in the oven--a totally different thing, though it may, i admit, be inferior only to the right roast.
oh, the sirloin of old times, the sirloin which i can remember, thirty or forty years ago!
that was english, and no mistake, and all the history of civilization could show nothing on the tables of mankind to equal it.
to clap that joint into a steamy oven would have been a crime unpardonable by gods and men.
have i not with my own eyes seen it turning, turning on the spit?
the scent it diffused was in itself a cure for dyspepsia.
it is a very long time since i tasted a slice of boiled beef; i have a suspicion that the thing is becoming rare.
but what exquisite memories does my mind preserve!
the very coloring of a round, how rich it is, yet how delicate, and how subtly varied!
the odor is totally different from that of roast beef, and yet it is beef incontestable.
hot, of course, with carrots, it is a dish for a king; but cold it is nobler.
oh, the thin broad slice, with just its fringe of consistent fat!
we are sparing of condiments, but such as we use are the best that man has invented.
i have heard an impatient innovator scoff at the english law on the subject of mustard, and demand why, in the nature of things, mustard should not be eaten with mutton.
the answer is very simple; this law has been made by the english palate--which is impeccable.
your educated englishman is an infallible guide to all that relates to the table.
we are content with nothing but the finest savours, the truest combinations; our wealth, and happy natural circumstances, have allowed us an education of the palate of which our natural aptitude was worthy.
think, by the bye, of those new potatoes, just mentioned.
our cook, when dressing them, puts into the saucepan a sprig of mint.
no otherwise could the flavour of the vegetable be so perfectly, yet so delicately, emphasized.
the mint is there, and we know it; yet our palate knows only the young potato.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york.
appreciative criticism may on the one hand approach criticism by standards, since, for example, to praise a pianist for melting his tones one into another implies that such melting is a standard.
it may, in the third place, consist in giving a transcript of the writer's feelings as he is in the presence of the subject of criticism, as one might picture the reaction of inspiration to a view from a mountain peak, or express his elation in listening to a famous singer, or show his wild enthusiasm as he watches his team slowly fight its way over the goal line.
now since you can adequately estimate in this way only when you are aware of the qualities of the subject, the first requirement for success in this kind of criticism is keen and intelligent sympathy with the work, an open-minded, sensible hospitality to ideas and things.
if i am quite unmoved by music, i cannot make reliable appreciative criticism of it.
if i have no reaction to the beauty of a big pumping station, when asked for criticism of it, i shall perforce be silent.
in the next place, i must refrain from morbid personal effusion.
certain of our sentimental magazines have published, at odd times, extremely personal rhapsodies about symphonies and poems.
sometimes this fault occurs through the endeavor to make the criticism attractive, one of the strong demands of the appreciative kind.
since the personal note exists throughout, and since you wish to make your reader attracted to the object that you criticize, your writing should be as pleasing as is legitimately possible.
allow yourself full rein to express the beauties of your subject with all the large personal warmth of which you are capable, with as neatly turned expression as you can make, always remembering to keep your balance, to avoid morbidness in any form.
it is in this way that you will give to your criticism one of its most valued qualities, appealing humanness.
less final, perhaps, in some ways, than the historical method or the method by standards, the appreciative is likely to be of more immediate value in re-creating the work for your reader, in giving him a real interpretation of it.
and this method, like the other two, fights against superficiality.
if you guard against the morbid or sentimental effusive style, and really tell, honestly and attractively, what you find good in the subject, your criticism is likely to be of value.
note that in the selection which follows, though the author feels strongly toward his subject, he does not fall, at any time, into gushing remarks that make a reader feel sheepish, but rather keeps a really wholesome tone throughout.
it is perhaps the play that i love best, and, because i seem to myself to know it so well, i commonly pass it over in opening the book.
yet, as always in regard to shakespeare, having read it once more, i find that my knowledge was less complete than i supposed.
so it would be, live as long as one might; so it would ever be, whilst one had the strength to turn the pages and a mind left to read them.
i like to believe that this was the poet's last work, that he wrote it in his home in stratford, walking day by day in the fields which had taught his boyhood to love rural england.
it is ripe fruit of the supreme imagination, perfect craft of the master hand.
for a man whose life business it has been to study the english tongue, what joy can there be to equal that of marking the happy ease wherewith shakespeare surpasses, in mere command of words, every achievement of these even, who, apart from him, are great?
he seems to sport with language, to amuse himself with new discovery of its resources.
from king to beggar, men of every rank and of every order of mind have spoken with his lips; he has uttered the lore of fairyland; now it pleases him to create a being neither man nor fairy, a something between brute and human nature, and to endow its purposes with words.
those words, how they smack of the warm and spawning earth, of the life of creatures that cannot rise above the soil!
we do not think of it enough; we stint our wonder because we fall short in appreciation.
a miracle is worked before us, and we scarce give heed; it has become familiar to our minds as any other of nature's marvels, which we rarely pause to reflect upon.
again a miracle; these are things which cannot be staled by repetition.
come to them often as you will, they are ever fresh as though new minted from the brain of the poet.
being perfect, they can never droop under that satiety which arises from the perception of fault; their virtue can never be so entirely savoured as to leave no pungency of gusto for the next approach.
among the many reasons which make me glad to have been born in england, one of the first is that i read shakespeare in my mother tongue.
if i try to imagine myself as one who cannot know him face to face, who hears him only speaking from afar, and that in accents which only through the laboring intelligence can touch the living soul, there comes upon me a sense of chill discouragement, of dreary deprivation.
i am wont to think that i can read homer, and, assuredly, if any man enjoys him, it is i; but can i for a moment dream that homer yields me all his music, that his word is to me as to him who walked by the hellenic shore when hellas lived?
i know that there reaches me across the vast of time no more than a faint and broken echo; i know that it would be fainter still, but for its blending with those memories of youth which are as a glimmer of the world's primeval glory.
let every land have joy of its poet; for the poet is the land itself, all its greatness and its sweetness, all that incommunicable heritage for which men live and die.
as i close the book, love and reverence possess me.
whether does my full heart turn to the great enchanter, or to the island upon which he has laid his spell?
in the love and reverence awakened by this voice of voices, shakespeare and england are but one.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york.
practical helps we have said that criticism of literature and art seems to be more difficult than criticism of machines and buildings and commercial systems.
literature and art, as being the expression of the high thought of the human heart about the world, man, and his relations to the world, demand in a critic who attempts to estimate them at least some underlying philosophy of life, at least some insight into the affairs of the human soul.
and such philosophy, such insight, does not come without being eagerly sought or without much thinking.
i can soon tell whether a force pump is efficient; i may for some time pause before i estimate a picture or a lyric poem.
for the field of the pump is small and definite, its relations are simple, whereas the lyric is intimately bound up with the whole of life.
but we need not, therefore, despair of writing criticism of literature and art.
the more sensible thing is to simplify our task.
this we can do, in large measure, by asking the famous three questions of coleridge: first, what did the author intend to do?
second, how did he accomplish his purpose, well or ill?
third, was the purpose worth striving for?
these three questions, sensibly considered and properly answered, will make a by no means paltry criticism.
still the problem remains, how shall i write this criticism, whatever method i may be pursuing.
in the first place, be sure of your attitude, that it is fair and sincere, that it is honest and as unprejudiced as possible.
then do not browbeat your reader into accepting this attitude.
allow him the right to make final decision, and, moreover, credit him with the right to some brains--he will be thus much happier.
without proper facts you can never reach a sound conclusion.
in no kind of writing is there a greater tendency to fritter off into related subjects which are still not exactly the one in hand.
be sure that you write about the subject, then, and not about some other.
ask yourself wherein it is itself, wherein it differs from other like things, what it is without which this particular subject would not be itself.
and having determined this point, be sure to make your reader see it.
whatever else you do, prize that characteristic as the jewel of your criticism's soul, and so sharply define, limit, characterize that your reader's impression will be not the slightest blurred.
a student whose theme in criticism received from the instructor the verdict that it was not distinguishing, that it might apply as well to another poet, replied that the theme had originally been written about another, and in the press of circumstance had been copied with only a change in the title.
the point is that the criticism had not been a good estimate of the original subject.
it was worthless in both cases, because it was not distinguishing.
finally, when you come to the expression, be sure that what you say means something, and that you know what it means.
and, if you have to admit that you do not know, in all conscience suppress it.
avoid the stock phrases that are colorless.
the reviewer through whose mind a constant stream of subjects passes, is forced to fall into this cant unless he be a genius, but you have no business to do so.
the trouble here, again, is in not knowing exactly what you wish to say and are saying, lack of thorough knowledge of your subject, for you do not know it until you have reached its heart.
the result of half-knowledge is always flabbiness and ineffectiveness.
be careful, moreover, in making the structure of your total criticism, especially in criticism by standards, that you do not make the form of your work seem mechanical and wooden.
do not, for example, except in a report, give a dry list of the qualities which the subject should possess, and then one by one apply them to see if it will pass muster.
such writing may be true, but it is awkward.
the form of critical writing should be as neat as that of any other kind of writing.
and in all your attitude and expression try to treat the subject as far as possible in its relation to humanity, to keep it from being a mere abstraction, to make it seem of real significance to the lives of men, if possible to the life of your reader.
the value of writing criticism should by this time be apparent.
it forces our minds out of the fogginess of vague thinking, it makes us see things sharply, it guides us away from the taint of superficiality, it makes a solid base for our opinions.
through criticism we discover why we are interested, and then naturally we desire more interest, and by feeding grow to a larger appreciation and conception of the realm in which our minds are at work.
we thus do away with the mere chance whim of like and dislike, and understand why we like what we do.
in other words, criticism increases our intelligent reaction to life.
by what standards is the work of lowell as united states minister to england criticized?
do these standards exhaust the qualifications of an admirable minister?
if not, what other standards would you suggest?
write a similar criticism on any of the following subjects: the presidency of theodore roosevelt.
the work of mr. goethals on the panama canal.
the career of mr. bryce as british ambassador to the united states.
the career of james j. hill, or of cecil rhodes, as empire-builders.
criticize any of the following by accounting for their rise and their characteristics: the athletic coach in american colleges.
write an appreciative criticism of the american business man as he might seem to an englishman on his first trip to america; as he might seem to plato; to napoleon; to the poet shelley; to shakespeare; to a turkish rug merchant.
what attitude does the author try to create in the reader?
how would the choice of material have differed had the author desired an opposite effect?
criticize, by relating to the times in which the subject appeared, the following: cubist art, sentimentalism, the renaissance of wonder, the dime novel, the wild-west moving picture film.
criticize, by the method used in this example: gang plows, electric street cars, football fields, art galleries (their architecture), adding machines, systems of bookkeeping.
criticize, by the method of standards, the following: american costumes as candidates for universal use, the metric system, the american monetary system, the gary schools, the civic center idea.
if gissing had been criticizing english cooking from the point of view of a dietitian, what standards would he have chosen?
criticize modern american cooking by showing its rise and the influences that have controlled it.
does gissing here allow his natural bias as an englishman to sway him too much?
try to substitute diction that is more truly alive.
when next you hear a symphony, listen so that you can write an appreciative criticism.
then look up the history of symphonic music and the life of the composer, and write a historical criticism.
do this with any piano composition which you admire.
tappet valve drills were the earliest design made for regular work, and are now the only type really suitable for work with steam, as the condensation of the steam interferes with other valve actions.
they have also special advantages for certain work which have prevented them from becoming obsolete.
the valve motion is positive and not affected by moisture in compressed air.
the machine will keep on boring a hole that may offer great frictional resistance where some other drills would stick.
in other words, there is always some exhaust air from the front of the piston, caught between it and the cylinder by the reversal of the valve just before the forward stroke is finished.
the length of stroke must be kept long enough for the movement of the piston to knock over the valve.
the valve on the rio tinto machine is a piston, or spool valve; on other machines the valve is of the plain d-slide valve type.
this of course makes the valve take up its own wear and form its own bearing surface, thus reducing leakage.
this means that the blow struck by the piston is retarded to a corresponding degree, and in some cases the valve tends to wear its seat into an irregular surface.
some writers have contended that the turning movement of the piston is also hindered; but as the blow of the tappet occurs at the beginning and end of the stroke, while the turning movement is a positive and continuous one along all the length of the back stroke, this effect is not noticeable.
specially hardened surfaces on pistons and tappets are needed as well as large wearing surfaces, or renewable bushings, for the tappet to rock on.
when wear takes place the throw of the valve is reduced; cushioning becomes greater and the stroke is shortened.
the resistance and pressure of the tappet tends to throw increased and unequal wear on the opposite side of the cylinder.
by courtesy of the publishers, mcgraw-hill publishing company.
if you were writing an appreciative criticism of the working of a rock drill, how would you change the style of writing?
write a criticism by standards of the water-tube boiler, of the diesel engine, of oil as fuel for ships, of one particular make of corn planter or wheel hoe, or piano, or motorcycle, or machine gun, or mining explosive, or of one method of advertising, or of the german army, or of the dreadnaught as a fighting machine.
captain mahan's chosen example is the british occupation of egypt.
it was for the benefit of the world at large and of the people of egypt--no matter what the latter might think about it, or how they would have voted about it--and that is enough.
what these possibilities are he nowhere says, and he gives the reader no chance of judging whether they are reasonable or not.
what he says of british domination over egypt, captain mahan would evidently and logically be ready to say of american domination of any inferior power--that it has no more to do with morality than an earthquake.
of course, this really means the glorification of brute force.
the earthquake view of international relations does away at once with all questions of law and justice and humanity, and puts everything frankly on the basis of armor and guns.
he speaks approvingly of international interference with turkey on account of the armenian atrocities.
but has not the sultan a complete defense, according to captain mahan's doctrine?
of course, the powers tell the sultan that he is no earthquake at all, or, if he is, that they will bring to bear upon him a bigger one which will shake him into the bosphorus.
but if there is no question of morality involved, the argument and the action are simply so much brute force; and that, we say, is what captain mahan's doctrine logically comes to.
there is a fine ambiguity about the final phrase, but let that pass.
no one can suspect that captain mahan means to do anything in public or private relations that he does not consider absolutely just.
this earthquake and physical-power doctrine is a most dangerous one for any time or people, but is peculiarly dangerous in this country at this time.
the politicians and the mob will be only too thankful to be furnished a high-sounding theory as a justification for their ignorant and brutal proposals for foreign conquest and aggression.
they will not be slow, either, in extending and improving the theory.
they will take a less roundabout course than captain mahan does to the final argument of physical power.
if it comes to that in the end, what is the use of bothering about all these preliminaries of right and law?
they will be willing to call themselves an earthquake or a cyclone, if only their devastating propensities can be freely gratified without any question of morals coming in.
with so many signs of relaxed moral fiber about us, in public and in private life, it is no time to preach the gospel of force, even when the preacher is so attractive a man and writer as captain mahan.
in the light of this criticism, write an estimate, on the standard of high moral international relations, of mr. wilson's policy toward mexico.
compare the sanity of your criticism with that of the article above.
would the criticism of captain mahan's doctrine be sounder if he had been a german?
criticize the statement that what young people need is industrial education, something to teach them how to earn a living.
then criticize the other statement that the necessary thing is to make young people into fine personalities, into true gentlemen and gentlewomen.
there is to me an odd pathos in the literature of vegetarianism.
i remember the day when i read these periodicals and pamphlets with all the zest of hunger and poverty, vigorously seeking to persuade myself that flesh was an altogether superfluous, and even repulsive, food.
if ever such things fall under my eyes nowadays, i am touched with a half humorous compassion for the people whose necessity, not their will, consents to this chemical view of diet.
one place do i recall where you had a complete dinner for sixpence--i dare not try to remember the items.
but well indeed do i see the faces of the guests--poor clerks and shopboys, bloodless girls and women of many sorts--all endeavoring to find a relish in lentil soup and haricot something-or-other.
it was a grotesquely heart-breaking sight.
i hate with a bitter hatred the names of lentils and haricots--those pretentious cheats of the appetite, those tabulated humbugs, those certificated aridities calling themselves human food!
an ounce of either, we are told, is equivalent to--how many pounds?
there are not many ounces of common sense in the brain of him who proves it, or of him who believes it.
in some countries, this stuff is eaten by choice; in england only dire need can compel to its consumption.
lentils and haricots are not merely insipid; frequent use of them causes something like nausea.
preach and tabulate as you will, the english palate--which is the supreme judge--rejects this farinaceous makeshift.
even as it rejects vegetables without the natural concomitant of meat; as it rejects oatmeal-porridge and griddle-cakes for a midday meal; as it rejects lemonade and ginger-ale offered as substitutes for honest beer.
what is the intellectual and moral state of that man who really believes that chemical analysis can be an equivalent for natural gusto?--i will get more nourishment out of an inch of right cambridge sausage; aye, out of a couple of ounces of honest tripe; than can be yielded me by half a hundredweight of the best lentils ever grown.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
write a criticism by standards of this appreciative criticism.
is gissing fair or sensible in his attitude?
write an appreciative criticism of feminism, temperance, socialism, open-air sleeping, the bahai movement in america, community singing, the moving picture as substitute for the novel, drinks that do away with coffee, systems for growing strong without effort.
emerson's quality has changed a good deal in his later writings.
his corn is no longer in the milk; it has grown hard, and we that read have grown hard too.
he has now ceased to be an expansive, revolutionary force, but he has not ceased to be a writer of extraordinary gripe and unexpected resources of statement.
because not less marked than his idealism and mysticism is his shrewd common sense, his practical bent, his definiteness,--in fact, the sharp new england mould in which he is cast.
he is the master yankee, the centennial flower of that thrifty and peculiar stock.
more especially in his later writings and speakings do we see the native new england traits,--the alertness, eagerness, inquisitiveness, thrift, dryness, archness, caution, the nervous energy as distinguished from the old english unction and vascular force.
how he husbands himself,--what prudence, what economy, always spending up, as he says, and not down!
how alert, how attentive; what an inquisitor; always ready with some test question, with some fact or idea to match or verify, ever on the lookout for some choice bit of adventure or information, or some anecdote that has pith and point!
no tyro basks and takes his ease in his presence, but is instantly put on trial and must answer or be disgraced.
he strikes at an idea like a falcon at a bird.
his great fear seems to be lest there be some fact or point worth knowing that will escape him.
he is a close-browed miser of the scholar's gains.
he turns all values into intellectual coin.
every book or person or experience is an investment that will or will not warrant a good return in ideas.
he goes to the radical club, or to the literary gathering, and listens with the closest attention to every word that is said, in hope that something will be said, some word dropped, that has the ring of the true metal.
apparently he does not permit himself a moment's indifference or inattention.
his own pride is always to have the ready change, to speak the exact and proper word, to give to every occasion the dignity of wise speech.
there is no profit in life but in the interchange of ideas, and the chief success is to have a head well filled with them.
hard cash at that; no paper promises satisfy him; he loves the clink and glint of the real coin.
his earlier writings were more flowing and suggestive, and had reference to larger problems; but now everything has got weighed and stamped and converted into the medium of wise and scholarly conversation.
it is of great value; these later essays are so many bags of genuine coin, which it has taken a lifetime to hoard; not all gold, but all good, and the fruit of wise industry and economy.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
would you describe this as appreciative criticism or criticism by standards?
if it is appreciative, has it any of the value that we commonly attribute to criticism by standards?
if it is criticism by standards, does it approach the appreciative?
criticize, in the method that mr. burroughs uses, the literary quality and message of carlyle, walt whitman, william james, john dewey, macaulay, hawthorne, arnold bennett, and others.
criticize, in the same manner, beethoven's fifth symphony, the cathedral of rheims, the parthenon, the capitol at washington, michigan boulevard in chicago, the skyline of lower new york, the sweep of the mississippi river, the quality of niagara falls, the quality of harold bell wright's works.
of course any other individual can be substituted for any of these.
a lettered german, speaking to me once of his year of military service, told me that, had it lasted but a month or two longer, he must have sought release in suicide.
i know very well that my own courage would not have borne me to the end of the twelvemonth; humiliation, resentment, loathing, would have goaded me to madness.
the senseless routine of mechanical exercise was in itself all but unendurable to me; i hated the standing in line, the thrusting out of arms and legs at a signal, the thud of feet stamping in constrained unison.
the loss of individuality seems to me sheer disgrace.
it used to astonish me when i had a neighbor who went through the drill with amusement, with zealous energy.
i would gaze at the boy, and ask myself how it was possible that he and i should feel so differently.
for my own part, i think i have never hated man as i hated that broad-shouldered, hard-visaged, brassy-voiced fellow.
every word he spoke to me i felt as an insult.
seeing him in the distance, i have turned and fled, to escape the necessity of saluting, and, still more, a quiver of the nerves which affected me so painfully.
if ever a man did me harm, it was he; harm physical and moral.
in all seriousness i believe that some of the nervous instability from which i have suffered from boyhood is traceable to those accursed hours of drill, and i am very sure that i can date from the same wretched moments a fierceness of personal pride which has been one of my most troublesome characteristics.
the disposition, of course, was there; it should have been modified, not exacerbated.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
draw up a list of the headings that might appear in a criticism of military drill by standards, in a criticism by the historical method, and in a less purely personal appreciative criticism than the example here.
which of the criticisms, as judged from these headings, would be of most value to a reader of intelligence?
in a subject like this is so strong a personal reaction justified?
does the criticism prove anything about military drill?
write an appreciative criticism of a thoroughly personal nature of any of the following: carpentry, rug-beating, chapel-attendance, memorizing poetry, repairing automobiles in the mud, fishing in the rain, cleaning house, getting up early, being polite to people whom you dislike, being made to do one's duty, college politics.
national sentiment is a fact and should be taken account of by institutions.
when it is ignored, it is intensified and becomes a source of strife.
it can be rendered harmless only by being given free play so long as it is not predatory.
but it is not, in itself, a good or admirable feeling.
there is nothing rational and nothing desirable in a limitation of sympathy which confines it to a fragment of the human race.
diversities of manners and customs and traditions are on the whole a good thing, since they enable different nations to produce different types of excellence.
but in national feeling there is always latent or explicit an element of hostility to foreigners.
national feeling, as we know it, could not exist in a nation which was wholly free of external pressure of a hostile kind.
and group feeling produces a limited and often harmful kind of morality.
men come to identify the good with what serves the interest of their own group, and the bad with what works against those interests, even if it should happen to be in the interest of mankind as a whole.
this group morality is very much in evidence during war, and is taken for granted in men's ordinary thought.
although almost all englishmen consider the defeat of germany desirable for the good of the world, yet most of them honor a german fighting for his country, because it has not occurred to them that his action ought to be guided by a morality higher than that of the group.
a man does right, as a rule, to have his thoughts more occupied with the interests of his own nation than with those of others, because his actions are more likely to affect his own nation.
but in time of war, and in all matters which are of equal concern to other nations and to his own, a man ought to take account of the universal welfare, and not allow his survey to be limited by the interest, or supposed interest, of his own group or nation.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
write a criticism of any of the following, judging by the results produced: school spirit, capitalism, living in a small town, national costume, giving up one's patriotism, family loyalty, race loyalty, class distinction, restriction of reading to the authors of one nation.
would mr. russell's criticism be of more value if it showed more emotion, if it were less detached?
a constitutional statesman is in general a man of common opinions and uncommon abilities.
when we speak of a free government, we mean a government in which the sovereign power is divided, in which a single decision is not absolute, where argument has an office.
the appeal is not to the solitary decision of a single statesman,--not to richelieu or nesselrode alone in his closet,--but to the jangled mass of men, with a thousand pursuits, a thousand interests, a thousand various habits.
public opinion, as it is said, rules; and public opinion is the opinion of the average man.
the average man will not bear this: he is a cool, common person, with a considerate air, with figures in his mind, with his own business to attend to, with a set of ordinary opinions arising from and suited to ordinary life.
you may see his taste by the reading of which he approves.
no wonder that the average man--that any one--believes in it.
but did you ever see anything there that you had never seen before?
out of the million articles that every one has read, can any one person trace a single marked idea to a single article?
where are the deep theories and the wise axioms and the everlasting sentiments which the writers of the most influential publication in the world have been the first to communicate to an ignorant species?
the two million or whatever number of copies it may be they publish, are not purchased because the buyers wish to know the truth.
it might be said that this is only one of the results of that tyranny of commonplace which seems to accompany civilization.
you may talk of the tyranny of nero and tiberius; but the real tyranny is the tyranny of your next-door neighbor.
what law is so cruel as the law of doing what he does?
what yoke is so galling as the necessity of being like him?
what espionage of despotism comes to your door so effectually as the eye of the man who lives at your door?
public opinion is a permeating influence, and it exacts obedience to itself; it requires us to think other men's thoughts, to speak other men's words, to follow other men's habits.
the prudent of course conform: the place of nearly everybody depends on the opinion of every one else.
this world is given to those whom this world can trust.
our very conversation is infected: where are now the bold humor, the explicit statement, the grasping dogmatism of former days?
they have departed, and you read in the orthodox works dreary regrets that the art of conversation has passed away.
it would be as reasonable to expect the art of walking to pass away: people talk well enough when they know to whom they are speaking; we might even say that the art of conversation was improved by an application to new circumstances.
whatever truth there may be in these splenetic observations might be expected to show itself more particularly in the world of politics: people dread to be thought unsafe in proportion as they get their living by being thought to be safe.
they are a kind of ticket-of-leave lunatics, from whom no harm is for the moment expected; who seem quiet, but on whose vagaries a practical public must have its eye.
for statesmen it is different: they must be thought men of judgment.
politicians, as has been said, live in the repute of the commonalty.
they may appeal to posterity; but of what use is posterity?
years before that tribunal comes into life, your life will be extinct; it is like a moth going into chancery.
those who desire a public career must look to the views of the living public; an immediate exterior influence is essential to the exertion of their faculties.
apply bagehot's criticism of the effects of a democratic average to the fate of socrates, jesus, columbus, galileo, roger williams, benjamin franklin, abraham lincoln.
do your results justify bagehot's statements?
if bagehot's theory is true, how do you account for any advance in a democracy, for woman suffrage, for example, or the election of senators by popular vote, or the inaugurating of an income tax?
apply his remarks about literary men to the career of thomas carlyle, heine, galsworthy, and others who have criticized their times.
does the christian religion tend to make a man act on his own original ideas?
do you believe the following statement by a well-known musical critic?
if the statement is true, how far is it possible to extend it, to how many forms of art or business?
while the lover of music may often be in doubt as to the merit of a composition, he need never be so in regard to that of a performance.
here we stand on safe and sure ground, for the qualities that make excellence in performance are all well known, and it is necessary only that the ear shall be able to detect them.
there may, of course, be some difference of opinion about the reading of a sonata or the interpretation of a symphony; but even these differences should be rare.
differences of judgment about the technical qualities of a musical performance should never exist.
whether a person plays the piano or sings well or ill is not a question of opinion, but of fact.
the critic who is acquainted with the technics of the art can pronounce judgment upon a performance with absolute certainty, and there is no reason in the world why every lover of music should not do the same thing.
and there should be no room for the indiscriminate applause of bad performances which so often grieve the hearts of judicious listeners.
bad orchestral playing, bad piano playing, bad singing are applauded every day in the course of the musical season by people who think they have a right to an opinion.
i repeat that it is not a matter of opinion but a matter of fact; and a person might just as well express the belief that a short fat man was finely proportioned as to say that an ill-balanced orchestra was a good one, and he might as well say that in his opinion a fire-engine whistle was music as to say that a throaty voice-production was good singing.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
life is more than mere toil; there are the days of high feast and carnival, the days of excursion, and then the calm quiet days of peaceful meditation, sometimes even the days of gray sadness shot through with the crimson thread of sacrifice and sorrow.
often in the least noisy days we see most clearly, with most balance, and with the keenest humor, the finest courage.
like an athlete who cannot be forever in the life of stern rigor but must stray at times into the ways of the drawing-room and the library, so we at times take our ways into the realm of whim and sparkle and laughter, of brooding contemplation, of warm peace of soul.
in such moods we look for a good friend to talk with, and when the friend is not at hand--why, we may write informal essays to make record of our thoughts and feelings.
for the informal essay is the transcript of a personal reaction to some phase or fact of life, personal because the author does not regard life with the cold eye of the scientific thinker, and because he does not, on the other hand, insist, as does the reformer, that others than himself accept the views he sets forth.
he will not force his belief upon others, will not even hold it too feverishly himself, but, if we cannot accept, will even smile urbanely--though he may think we are quite wrong--and bow, and go his own way.
the greatest charm of the informal essay is its personal nature.
there is little, if indeed anything, personal about the analysis of problems or situations, slight revelation of the author in a treatise on dietetics or party politics or bridge building.
this kind of writing is essentially the writing of our business.
lamb asks, and hits the heart of the informal essay.
we are with friends, and with them, if the mood is on us, we chat about the delights of munching apples on snappy october mornings, or the humor of the scramble for public office, or the romance of spanning a stream in the hills, or, at times, the mysteries of life and death.
and then the chat is thoroughly personal, we feel no grim duty, but only the quiet pleasure of uttering whatever we may think or feel, about things in which we find our personal interests aroused.
it is as the counterpart in literature of such talk in living that the informal essay reveals the personal note, is really the lyric of prose.
he will make you his confidant, will tell you what he thinks and how he feels, will banish the cold front of business, and will not be secretive and niggardly of himself, but only duly reticent.
as soon as we turn to informal essays we find this personal note.
such intimacy, such personal contact is to be found only in the informal essay.
and once in the writing, the author cannot keep himself out.
now you can write a personal essay that will be enjoyable only if your personality is attractive.
and you cannot draw a reader to you unless you have a keen reaction to the facts of life.
writing informal essays is impossible for the man whose life is neutral, who goes unseeing, unhearing through the world; it is most natural to the man who touches life at many points and touches with pleasure.
when we consider the loves of that bright flower of english young manhood, rupert brooke, we can the more keenly feel the loss that the essay, as well as poetry, had in his untimely death.
these have i loved: white plates and cups, clean-gleaming, ringed with blue lines; and feathery, fary dust; wet roofs, beneath the lamplight; the strong crust of friendly bread; and many-tasting food; rainbows; and the blue bitter smoke of wood; and radiant raindrops couching in cool flowers; and flowers themselves, that sway through sunny hours, dreaming of moths that drink them under the moon; then, the cool kindliness of sheets, that soon smooth away trouble; and the rough male kiss of blankets; grainy wood; live hair that is shining and free; blue-massing clouds; the keen unpassioned beauty of a great machine; the benison of hot water; furs to touch; the good smell of old clothes; and other such-- the comfortable smell of friendly fingers, hair's fragrance, and the musty reek that lingers about dead leaves and last year's ferns.... dear names, and thousand other throng to me!
royal flames; sweet water's dimpling laugh from tap or spring; holes in the ground; and voices that do sing; voices in laughter, too; and body's pain, soon turned to peace; and the deep-panting train; firm sands; the little dulling edge of foam that browns and dwindles as the wave goes home; and washen stones, gay for an hour; the cold graveness of iron; moist black earthen mould; sleep; and high places; footprints in the dew; and oaks; and brown horse-chestnuts, glossy-new; and new-peeled sticks; and shining pools on grass;-- all these have been my loves.
by courtesy of the publishers, john lane company.
can there be any possible interest in a carpet layer?
is he not to be envied that his reaction was too keen to leave the tool lifeless?
an informal essayist would even, we think, find taste in the white of an egg.
and without this delight in life his essays will not be read, for they will not present a pleasing personality, and the life of the essay is its personal note.
most informal essays are full of individual instances, of anecdotes and scraps from life.
all such detailed bits of life the essayist relishes, and in turn they enrich his personality and make him able to give the personal note that is the heart of the informal essay.
this mood of human interest is illustrated, of course, by other writers than the informal essayists.
the historian parkman filled his volumes with the intimate details of personal experience that keep them warm and forever alive.
as distinct from the dry-as-dust chroniclers, who eschew all of the throbbing incidents of life, he was eager to include whenever inclusion would help the reader's true imagination, such details as that, back in colonial times, the thunderous praying of a member of the general court of massachusetts, who had retired to his room for heavenly counsel, revealed the secret of the proposed attack upon the fortress of louisbourg to a landlady--and hence to all the world.
nor does he fail to mention that when the grand battery at louisbourg was captured, william tufts, of medford, a lad of eighteen, climbed the flagstaff with his red coat in his teeth and made it fast to the pole for a flag.
as we read parkman's words, we can feel his heart glow with the joy of the climbing lad, we know that in the historian there was beating the throb of human love such as would have made him an admirable essayist had he turned his hand to the form.
if, then, you feel like confidential writing, what may your subjects be?
essayists have written about three main classes of subjects: first always, people, their glory, their pathos, their sadness, and their whims; second, nature as it appeals to the writers in a personal way, reflecting their joys and sorrows, or contributing to their sense of pleasure, beauty, and companionship in the world; and third, matters of science, industry, art, literature, as the essayists think these affect the emotions of humanity.
the informal essayist loves humanity not blindly but wisely.
nor is the essayist restricted to the lives of others; the true informal essayist never forgets his own boyhood.
the swimming and fishing larks, the tramp for the early chestnuts, the machines that you built at ten years, the tricks you played on friends and enemies, human and four-footed--these await your essay.
especially your grown-up self offers a fertile meadowland of essays.
what are your hobbies--and have you any follies?
if you can but poke fun at yourself, we will listen.
remember only one thing--you must, for some reason, see attractiveness in the character, even the paradoxical attractiveness of repulsion.
when people do not offer subjects, turn to nature, as mr. burroughs and mr. sharp and john muir have turned in our day, and as others have turned at times ever since there was an essay.
do you admire the cool deep woods, the songs of the thrushes, the clouds that roll into queer shapes, the endlessly talking brooks, the bugs that strive and fight and achieve, the queer hunted live things that you see everywhere?
mr. warner wrote a delightful series about gardening in which he makes fun--partly of himself, partly of nature.
california sequoias, red-eyed vireos, the pig in his pen, the silly hens in their yard, friendly dogs, a group of willows, a view from a mountain-top, trees that rush past as you skim the road in your car, there's hardly a phase of nature that does not offer an essay, have you but the eyes to see and the heart to warm.
this kind of essay will try to lure you into words that seem poetic but really lie; beware that you tell the truth, for a sunset, glorious though it is, is still a sunset.
for the higher imaginative flights we reserve our verse.
on the other hand, scientific analysis is not for the essay; it is too impersonal.
nature, as seen in the informal essay, is the nature of emotion that keeps its balance through humor and sanity.
do not, then, write an essay about nature unless you are sure of your balance, unless you are sure that you can tell the truth.
but the essayist does not stop with the creations in nature; he goes on to the works of man.
he sees the exquisite beauty of a deftly guided mathematical problem, the answer marshaled to its post in order, he feels the exultation of a majestic pumping station, he knows the wonder of the inspiration of artists.
as you pass the steel skeleton of the skyscraper, or see the liner gliding up the harbor, or thrill to the locomotive that paws off across the miles, or stand in awe and watch the uncanny linotype machine at its weird mysteries, you may find your subject all ready for the expression.
mr. joseph husband finds the romance of these.
since the essay is urbanely personal, it does not take itself too seriously.
our definition declared that the essayist will not try to force his views upon his reader nor hold them too feverishly himself.
if you are militant about a subject, you should write, not an informal essay, but a treatise or an argument in which full play will be given to your cudgels.
if you violently believe in woman-suffrage--as you well may--so that you can be only dead-serious about it, do not write an informal essay.
for the essay aims at the spirit as well as the intellect, hopes to create a glow in the reader as well as to convince him of a truth.
this does not mean that you should write spinelessly--not in the least; it means only that you should be an artist rather than a blind reformer.
again, it may feel the length of the shadows, the cold breath of the mists of the still, unpierced places.
the essay does not deny the shadows; it rather believes in riding up to the guns with a smile and the gesture of courtesy.
it sees the truth always, but it also prefers not to be a pest in declaring the truth disagreeably.
the essay has about it the exquisite flavor of personality such as we find in the cavalier lads who rode to feasting or to death with equal grace and charm.
the real essay ought not to leave its reader uncomfortable; it leaves to the militant writers to work such mischief.
do not, therefore, ever allow your essay to become a sermon, for to the sermon there is only one side.
and do not try to wrench a moral from everything.
if you do, the moral will be anmic and thin.
nor, after the locomotive has melted into the distance shall you buttonhole your reader and bid him, like the engine, be up and doing!
better is it to play pranks with respectability and logic.
mr. chesterton often inspires us to do some really new thinking by his ridiculous contentions.
where but in the essay could a man uphold the belief that faith is nonsense and perhaps nonsense is faith?
in fact, humor is always present in the informal essay.
it may be grave or even sad, it is never really boisterous, it is best subtle and quiet, but of whatever kind it should be present.
sydney smith used to say of a certain quarrelsome man, 'his very face is a breach of the peace.'
lamb had the gentle humor in exquisite degree, kindly and shrewd.
the humor is often ironic, frequently dry and lurking, but kindly still, for the essayist loves his fellow man.
since the essay is not super-serious, it need not be too conscientiously thorough and exhaustive.
it must, to be sure, have some point, some core of thought, must meditate, but it need not reach a final conclusion.
it takes conclusions about as seriously as we take them when we sit with pipe and slippers by the fireside and chat.
its view of the subject is limited also.
it is not a piece of research, it need not cover the whole ground with all the minuti.
the essayist, first of all, will admit that he does not say all that might be said.
very likely he will declare that he is merely making suggestions rather than giving a treatment.
think how endless a real treatise on old china would be, and then how brief and sketchy lamb's essay is.
the beauty of writing an informal essay is that you can stop when you please, you do not feel the dread command of the subject.
just as the conclusion may be dodged, so the strict laws of rhetoric may be winked at.
but we do not mind, for, as has been said of him--and the remark is equally true of many essayists--he is like a good sheep dog, he makes many detours, may even disappear behind a knoll, but finally he will come eagerly and bravely back with his flock and guide the sheep home.
digressions are allowable, so long as safe return is made.
the formlessness of the essay is to be held by an invisible web that is none the less binding, like the bonds of the fenris wolf.
we may go round the subject or stand off and gaze at it, may introduce anecdotes, bits of conversation, illustrations of various sorts, may even cast the essay largely in narrative form, so long as at the heart of it there is our idea.
the latter is informational, it defines, proves; the former, seeking for friendlier and more personal relations with the reader, aims at suggestion, stimulation.
the familiar essay can be an impressionistic reflection of the author's experience in the mighty issues of living, or it may be the frank expression of a mere whim.
it should touch many a deep thing in a way to quicken the sense of the charm, wonder, and terror of the earth.
the essayist can fly high, if he but have wings, and he can dive deeper than any plummet line of the intellect, should it happen that the spirit move him.
it is thus the ambition of the familiar essayist to speak wisdom albeit debonairly, to be thought-provoking without heaviness, and helpful without didacticism.
keenly does he feel the lachrym rerum, but, sensible to the laughing incongruities of human expression, he has a safeguard against the merely solemn and can smile at himself or others, preserving his sense of humor as a precious gift of the high gods.
by courtesy of the publishers, the century company, new york city.
and so we return to our definition: the essay is the transcript of personal reaction to some phase or fact of life, not weighted with an over-solemn feeling of responsibility, charged with never-failing balance and humor and liberty to wander without necessarily arriving, frankly individual in its treatment of life, life as it seems to the writer, whether the essay be about people or things or nature.
of the length of the essay we may not be too definite.
it may be only a page in duration; it may cover fifty.
when the writer has said what he wishes to say, he blithely ceases, and leaves the work to the reader.
in style all the graces, all the lightness, the daintiness, the neatness that he can command the author uses.
he loves words for their sound, their suggestiveness, their color.
and since he is frequently expressing a mood, he will, so far as he can, adapt the style to the mood.
so, finally, mr. belloc, describing the wind, says: when a great wind comes roaring over the eastern flats toward the north sea, driving over the fens and the wingland, it is like something of this island that must go out and wrestle with the water, or play with it in a game or battle; and when, upon the western shores, the clouds come bowling up from the horizon, messengers, out-riders, or comrades of the gale, it is something of the sea determined to possess the land.
the rising and falling of such power, its hesitations, its renewed violence, its fatigue and final repose--all these are symbols of a mind; but more than all the rest, its exultation!
it is the shouting and hurrahing of the wind that suits a man.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
i have always longed for the privileges of age,--since the days when it seemed to me that the elderly people ate all the hearts out of the watermelons.
now it suddenly occurs to me that i am at last entitled to claim them.
surely the shadow on the dial has moved around it, the good time has come, and the accumulated interest of my years shall be mine to spend.
have you not had the same experience?
for many years, as you may have noticed, the majority of the inhabitants of the earth were old.
even those persons over whom we were nominally supposed to exercise a little brief authority were older than we, and we approached the dragons of our kitchen with a deprecating eye.
but now the majority has moved behind us; most people, even some really quite distinguished people, are younger than we.
no longer can we pretend that our lack of distinction is due to immaturity.
no longer can we privately assure ourselves that some day we, too, shall do something, and that it is only the becoming modesty of youth which prevents our doing it at once.
one thing, willy-nilly, we have done,--or rather nature has done it for us.
suddenly, unconscious of the effort, we awake one morning and find ourselves old.
if we can only succeed in being old enough, we shall also be famous, like old parr, who never did anything, so far as i am aware, but live to the age of one hundred and forty-five.
in order properly to appreciate our present privileges, let us consider the days of old and the years that are past.
it was in the time before motors, and we rode backwards in the carriage.
in traveling, we were always allotted the upper berths.
we couldn't expect our venerable aunt, or our delicate cousin, or our dignified grandmother to swing up into an upper berth, could we?
and in those days they cost just as much as lower ones and we paid our own traveling expenses.
how expert we grew at swinging up and swinging down!
naturally the best rooms at the hotels went to the elder members of the party.
in coaching, our place was always between the two fattest!
and what did we ask in return for these many unnoticed renunciations?
only the privilege of getting up at five to go trout-fishing, or the delight of riding all morning cross-saddle to eat a crumby luncheon in a buggy forest at noon.
we wondered what the others meant when they said that the beds were not comfortable, and we marveled why the whole machinery of heaven and earth should be out of gear unless, at certain occult and punctually recurring hours, they had a cup of tea.
and why was it necessary to make us unhappy if they didn't have a cup of tea?
young people are supposed to be mannerly, at least they were in my day, but old people may be as rude as they please, and no one reproves them.
if they do not like a thing, they promptly announce the fact.
the privilege of self-expression they share with the very young.
henceforth i shall decline to eat them, even in the house of my friends.
mine is the prerogative no longer to dissemble, for hypocrisy is abhorrent to the members of the favored class to which i now belong.
they are like a dear and honored servitor of mine who used, on occasion, to go about her duties with the countenance of a thunderstorm.
speaking of thunderstorms, i am afraid of them.
i have always been afraid since the days when i used to hide under the nursery table when i felt one coming.
but was i allowed to stay under the table?
all these years have i maintained a righteous and excruciating self-control.
but old ladies are afraid and unashamed.
i have heard of one who used to get into the middle of a featherbed.
i shall not insist on the featherbed, but i shall close the shutters and turn on the lights and be as cowardly as i please.
the two ends of life, infancy and age, are indulged in their little fancies.
for a baby, we get up in the night to heat bottles, and there are certain elderly clergymen whose womenkind always arise at four in the morning to make coffee for them.
that is not being addicted to stimulants.
but the middle span of life is like a cantilever bridge: if it can bear its own weight it is expected to bear anything that can possibly be put upon it.
youth is haunted by misgivings, by hesitancies, by a persistent idea that, if only we dislike a thing enough, there must be some merit in our disliking it.
from now on, i practice the philosophy of montesquieu and pursue the general good by doing that which i like best.
absolutely and unequivocally, that which i like best.
for there is no longer any doubt about it: i have arrived.
my friends' daughters give me the most comfortable chair.
they surround me with charming, thoughtful, delicate little attentions.
mine is the best seat in the motor, mine the host's arm at the feast, mine the casting vote in any little discussion.
true paradise for the disciples of nietzsche, where at last we dare appear as selfish as we are!
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
these still, hazy, brooding mid-april mornings, when the farmer first starts afield with his plow, when his boys gather the buckets in the sugar-bush, when the high-hole calls long and loud through the hazy distance, when the meadow-lark sends up her clear, silvery shaft of sound from the meadow, when the bush sparrow trills in the orchard, when the soft maples look red against the wood, or their fallen bloom flecks the drying mud in the road,--such mornings are about the most exciting and suggestive of the whole year.
how good the fields look, how good the freshly turned earth looks!--one could almost eat it as does the horse;--the stable manure just being drawn out and scattered looks good and smells good; every farmer's house and barn looks inviting; the children on the way to school with their dinner-pails in their hands--how they open a door into the past for you!
sometimes they have sprays of arbutus in their button-holes, or bunches of hepatica.
the partridge is drumming in the woods, and the woodpeckers are drumming on dry limbs.
the day is veiled, but we catch such glimpses through the veil.
the bees are getting pollen from the pussy-willows and soft maples, and the first honey from the arbutus.
it is at this time that the fruit and seed catalogues are interesting reading, and that the cuts of farm implements have a new fascination.
all over the country, people are responding to the call, and are buying farms and moving upon them.
i see the farmers, now going along their stone fences and replacing the stones that the frost or the sheep and cattle have thrown off, and here and there laying up a bit of wall that has tumbled down.
there is a rare music now in the unmusical call of the phoebe-bird--it is so suggestive.
the drying road appeals to one as it never does at any other season.
when i was a farm-boy, it was about this time that i used to get out of my boots for half an hour and let my bare feet feel the ground beneath them once more.
there was a smooth, dry, level place in the road near home, and along this i used to run, and exult in that sense of light-footedness which is so keen at such times.
what a feeling of freedom, of emancipation, and of joy in the returning spring i used to experience in those warm april twilights!
i think every man whose youth was spent on the farm, whatever his life since, must have moments at this season when he longs to go back to the soil.
how its sounds, its odors, its occupations, its associations, come back to him!
would he not like to return again to help rake up the litter of straw and stalks about the barn, or about the stack on the hill where the grass is starting?
would he not like to help pick the stone from the meadow, or mend the brush fence on the mountain where the sheep roam, or hunt up old brindle's calf in the woods, or gather oven-wood for his mother to start again the big brick oven with its dozen loaves of rye bread, or see the plow crowding the lingering snowbanks on the side-hill, or help his father break and swingle and hatchel the flax in the barnyard?
when i see a farm advertised for rent or for sale in the spring, i want to go at once and look it over.
all the particulars interest me,--so many acres of meadow-land, so many of woodland, so many of pasture--the garden, the orchard, the outbuildings, the springs, the creek--i see them all, and am already half in possession.
my method of learning the game was unprincipled.
later, finding some people who could really play, i clove to them until they taught me all that i could grasp.
my ultimate ambition is, i suppose, the masterly playing of the game.
its austere antiquity rebukes the mildest amateur into admiration.
i therefore strive, and wistfully aspire.
meanwhile, however, i am enjoying the gay excitement of the unskilled player.
there is nobody like the hardy apprentice for getting pleasure out of chess.
we find certain delights which no past-master can know; pleasures exclusively for the novice.
give me an opponent not too haughty for my unworthy steel, one who may perhaps forget to capture an exposed bishop of mine, an opponent who, like me, will know the early poetry of mad adventure and the quiet fatalism of unexpected defeat.
with this opponent i will engage to enjoy three things which, to mr. morphy, immortality itself shall not restore--three things: a fresh delight in the whimsical personality of the various chessmen; the recklessness of uncertainty and of unforeseen adventure; the unprecedented thrill of checkmating my opponent by accident.
mr. morphy, i admit, may perhaps have retained through life a personal appreciation of the characters of the pieces: the conservative habits of the king; the politic, sidelong bishop; the stout little roundhead pawns.
but since his forgotten apprenticeship he has not known their many-sided natures.
to mr. morphy they long since became subject--invariably calculable.
with a novice, the men and women of the chess-board regain their individuality and their old world caprices, their medival greatness of heart.
like aragon and the plantagenets, they have magnificent leisure for the purposeless and aimless quest.
the stiff, kind, circular eyes of my simple boxwood knight stare casually about him as he goes.
irresponsibly he twists among his enemies, now drawing rein in the cross-country path of an angry bishop, now blowing his horn at the very drawbridge of the king.
and it is no cheap impunity that he faces in his errant hardihood.
my knights often die in harness, all unshriven.
most of all, i love my gentle horsemen.
my opponent, too, has her loyalties, quixotic and unshaken.
blindly, one evening, i imperiled my queen.
only the opposing bishop needed to be sacrificed to capture her.
the spectators were breathless at her certain fate.
but my opponent sets high value upon her stately bishop.
rather this man saved for defense than risked for such a captive, feminist though she be, and queen.
with ecclesiastical dignity the bishop withdrew, and my queen went on her tranquil way.
of all the men, the king reveals himself least readily.
at times imperial and menacing, my king may conquer, with goodly backing from his yeomen and his chivalry.
sometimes, again, like lear, he is no longer terrible in arms, his royal guard cut down.
and at his death he loves always to send urgently for his bishop, who is solacing, though powerless to save.
all this is typical of our second pleasure, the exhilaration of incautious and unpremeditated moves.
inexplicable, for example, this pious return of the outbound bishop at the last battle-cry of the king.
at times, however, a move may well be wasted to the end that all may happen decently and in order.
my opponent shares with me this respect for ceremony.
together we lament the ruins when a lordly castle falls.
our atrocities are never heartless; we never recriminate.
my opening moves, in general, are characterized by no mean regard for consequences.
let my men rush forth to the edge of the hostile country.
once there, there will be time enough to peer about and reconnoitre and see what we shall see.
meanwhile, the enemy is battering gloriously at my postern-gate, but at least the fight is on!
part of our recklessness in these opening moves consists in our confidential revelations to each other of all our plans and disquieting problems.
my opponent might otherwise have found it necessary to waste long minutes in trying to fathom the unknowable of my scheme.
without this companionable interchange chess is the most lonely of human experiences.
there you sit, a being solitary and unsignaled--a point of thought, a mere center of calculation.
all the world is canceled for the time, except, perched opposite you, another hermit intellect implacably estranged and sinister.
poor journeymen players of the royal game!
strange clues to character appear around the friendly chess-board.
there is the supposedly neutral observer of the game, who must murmur warnings or lament the ill-judged moves; without him, how would life and chess be simplified?
there is the stout-hearted player who refuses to resign though his defeat is demonstrably certain, but continues to jog about the board, eluding actual capture; in life would he resign?
there is the player who gives little shrieks at unexpected attacks; the player who explains his mistakes and what he had intended to do instead; the player who makes no sign whether of gloating or of despair.
most striking of all is the behavior of all these when they face the necessity of playing against the handicap of past mistakes; a wrong move may never be retracted by the thoroughbred.
no apology, no retracting of the path; we must go on as if the consequences were part of our plan.
it lures to allegory, this checkered board, these jousts and far crusades.
then, on to checkmate, the most perfect type of utter finality, clear-cut and absolute.
in most conclusions there is something left ragged; something still in abeyance, in reserve.
here, however, is no shading, no balancing of the scales.
we win, not by majority, as in cards; success or failure is unanimous.
there was one ballot, and that is cast.
no matter how ragged the playing that went before, the end of a game of chess is always perfect.
always at last comes contentment of soul, though it be our king that dies.
the following subjects are suggested as suitable for treatment in informal essays.
they can, in many cases, be changed to suit individual experience, can be made either broader or more restricted.
perhaps they will suggest other somewhat similar but more usable subjects.
wondering if the other person knows more.
the gossip of the waiting-room (of a railroad station, doctor's office, etc.).
the joys of being profane before the consciously pious.
the moral rigor of the nightly setting-up exercises.
a society to forbid learning to play the trombone (or cornet or piano or anything else).
failing, to make money, through failure to make money.
the morality of stubbing one's toe in the dark.
great men one might wish to have thrashed.
the innocent joy of not knowing the birds.
first there is the purely dramatic, such as we find in the plays of shakespeare, barrie, and others, and often in novels of the more dramatic kind, which sets the subject to marching up and down before our eyes, with the gestures and the speech of life.
such biography sometimes covers a whole life, more often only a fraction from which we are to judge of the whole.
from this kind of biography we draw our own conclusions of the hero; the producer sweeps aside the curtain, displays his people, bows, and leaves us to our comment.
this is a most stimulating form of writing.
the reader vicariously treads the roman forum, or fights under the banner of the great alfred, or perhaps jostles in the surge of politics, or dreams an artist's dream, or even performs the humble chores of a lonely farmhouse.
the personalities may never have lived except in the writer's brain, yet who that has read of colonel newcome ever lets fade from his list of friends that delightful gentleman?
who that has once met falstaff forgets the roaring, jolly old knave?
stevenson gave witness that almost more than from any one else his courage and good cheer in dark days had caught fire from the personality of shakespeare's heroine rosalind.
if these persons of the imagination can stimulate, how much more ought the subjects of the other two forms of biography to fire the brain, for they are usually taken from real life, are people who have faced the actual problems such as the reader is meeting, people who have perhaps flamed in a glorious career from birth to death or perhaps have gone quietly all their days.
the second form of biography is purely analytical.
it watches its subject, follows him through life, and only after this study sets down its words, which aim to state for the reader the meaning of the life.
here the author is the logical thinker who draws the conclusions of careful meditation and says: such was the significance of this man, this woman.
the third kind of biography, the expository, the kind with which we are here concerned, attempts to combine the other two, hopes to present the pageant of life which the hero lived, and especially to make an estimate of its importance, its significance.
some novels approach this form when the author stops, as thackeray often does, to comment on the meaning of his people and their deeds.
the problem the primary object of expository biography is so to build up before the reader's eyes the figure of the hero, so to cast against the background of life the warm personality, so to recreate the lineaments and so to give perspective to the whole that the reader will know the hero, will be able to grasp his hand as a fellow human being with the game of life to play, and will be aware of the significance of the personality to his times and to the reader himself.
so the writer of expository biography must plant himself in the deeds and desires of his hero, must gaze steadily into his eyes until he discovers the center of his being, and must then set down the words, which, if well enough chosen, wisely enough fitted, will outlast the toughest stone.
the chief duty of the biographer, then, is to discover the life-problem of his hero, to understand it, to learn how the hero came by it, how he tried to solve it, and what its significance is.
now this is much more easily accomplished with the personalities who have closed their span of existence than with those whom we know still living, with their answer to their problem yet incomplete.
all the facts of personality, the hints and gleams and shadows, bewilder us at times with our friends, and we regret the lack of perspective that reveals the central life-problem.
but when we turn to julius csar, to jeanne d'arc, to george washington, or to some humble dweller of past days, we can see the life whole, can discover the heredity, the natural endowment, the surroundings, the changing deeds and the shifting acquaintances and friends that determined for the hero what the life-problem should be.
with the truly remarkable advantage, then, of this central conception, we can fall into cadence with the stride of our hero marching against his problem and can picture forth the struggle and its significance.
in every biography there is this problem.
to turn to stevenson himself we find a white-hot flame of romance cased in a feeble wraith of a body, the heart of the man daring all things, romping through life a deathless youth before the problem of adjustment between body and spirit.
or take the compounding of that tremendous figure, george washington--adamant integrity, the zeal which, if unchecked, would often have brought the house tumbling about his ears, the endless capacity for indignation, and with these the patience that left men well-nigh dazed and the self-control that made him god-like.
set him in the midst of the hurly-burly of a young nation as doubtful of itself as youth, as eager, as impetuous, as contradictory, with the forces of the old world pitted against it and with many traitors in its fold.
then conceive the problem of forming wise conjunction between vision and accomplishment, between desire and restraint, and the life of the man is at once unified, centered, illuminated, and made significant.
the same result follows searching to the heart of any hero, high or low, and failure thus to reach the heart causes the pallid uninteresting heaping of details that mean nothing to the reader.
no architect can glorify the horizon with the silhouette of a cathedral, nor can he even give a meaning to his accumulation of stone and mosaic and mortar, if he heaps here a pile and there a pile, rears here a chapel, somewhere else as fancy directs lays out an aisle, with no central problem of relationship.
nor can you dignify your hero's nature with a mere basket collection of the flying chips of life--a deed here, a word there, a desire at another time.
first, then, discover the problem that your hero faced in the relation of his character to itself and to its times.
the chief aid in solving the problem to discover the problem, really to understand it, requires as your chief tool imaginative sympathy.
without this your writing will leave your hero as flat and shiny as any conscientiously laundered piece of linen.
you are to picture him in relief, in the round, to make him live again, step down from his pedestal, and put his shoulder alongside ours and speak to us.
we do not think of the recalcitrant underlings whose necks he had to force to bow, of the weary eyes that gladly closed at the end of a terrible day's work, of the frequent desire, which at times must be suppressed, perhaps at times gratified, to run a sword through an opposing subject.
we forget, in other words, that william was a man, a personality, a bundle of nervous reactions and desires.
but the writing fails, as biography, unless we do remember these things.
it is in the discovery and understanding of these details and in combining them into a personality that our sympathy is required.
the ideal biographer is he who can peep out through the eyes of his hero at the sights which he saw, can feel the surge of ambition, of love, of hate, the quickening of the heart at success, and the cold pallor of defeat.
we have seen a grown person watch with cold eyes a child who wrestles with a problem of digging a ditch or building a dam or making a harness for the dog, gradually lose the coldness of indifference, forget the gulf of years, kindle to the problem, and finally with delight catch up spade or leather and give assistance.
until you feel a similar thrill of sharing experience with your hero, do not write about him.
most of us really have this interest but we browbeat ourselves into a belief that a biography, especially an expository biography, must be dull.
and, sad though we may be to admit it, most such biographies written for courses in literature or history, are--well, plain stupid.
such writing is, truly, inexcusable; it is like the railway journey of the unfortunate soul who sees nothing but the clambering aboard and then the folding of the hands for a long dull jouncing until lethargy can be thrown off and it is time to clamber down again.
had the traveler but the insight, or the inclination, he would perceive that his journey is a high adventure spiced with a delicious flavor of challenge and reply.
just so you may find that the writing of expository biography has the charm of life itself.
the patient clerk bends over his record sheet and attests the arrival, the departure, of lifeless baggage tossed from hand to hand, from car to car, piled up, taken down and set finally to rest at its destination.
but you deal not with lifeless baggage but with the fascinating compound of flesh and blood, of desire and of will, that changes the face of the world.
no mere matter-of-fact attitude here, but the perpetual wonder and joy at the turns and flashes of human personality.
most of us find that the most fascinating study for man is man.
but so great is our fear of the formality of biography that we often belie our sympathy and think that only the large dim figures of the past, kings and potentates, who stride through mighty events, are possible for treatment.
no life ever existed--absolutely not one--that was not capable of an absorbing expository biography.
rather he knows that, however slight in the sweeping cycle of time a stick of striped candy may be, to the child who drops it into the gutter it is of more weight than a royal scepter.
barrie had the imagination to see that the day when the six haircloth chairs entered his mother's parlor as the culmination of a long campaign, was a day to her of thrilling adventure, of conquest, of triumph.
and yet we are afraid that biography ought to be dull!
fear of the formality of writing is often the cause of our making expository biography a mere combination of the succession of events which history shows and a few dull comments about the subject, instead of a real interpretation illuminated with the magic of sympathetic understanding.
with this fear upon us we write as awkwardly, as lifelessly, as we deport ourselves at a reception where we forget the pulse of humanity and are clutched by the fear of--we know not what.
such a fear would palsy the hand of him who should attempt to weave even the treasury of facts in the following statement with an estimate of their significance.
writing of general judah p. benjamin, of the american civil war, mr. gamaliel bradford says: benjamin was a jew.
he made a brilliant reputation at the louisiana bar and was offered a seat in the united states supreme court.
when his state seceded, he went with it, and filled three cabinet positions under the confederacy.
he fell with the immense collapse of that dream fabric.
then, at the age of fifty-four, he set himself to build up a new fortune and a new glory, and he died one of the most successful and respected barristers in london.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
but with fear thrown off, with enthusiastic desire really to understand sympathetically, we find no lack of interest.
to any one the terrible storm in the harbor of apia, when ships were wrecked like straws and lives were spilled out by scores, would offer material because of the horror of the events.
and yet the official record of the event would imply no possibility of finding romance in this humble individual life.
and the objection that rises unbidden and declares us unfit to write expository biography because we have not ourselves known great men is false.
certainly if you face the setting forth of the life of some large figure of the past you have a fascinating pageant to unriddle, to centralize.
and just as surely if you turn to the familiar figures of your home town, of your family history, and really lay your spirit alongside, you will find deep significance for yourself and for your reader.
sometimes we play wellington, sometimes bonaparte, but whether winning or losing we all tread the same way, and the fight is as significant to each as ever the victory or defeat of waterloo was to wellington or napoleon.
the process of solving the problem with this great requisite of imaginative sympathy that sees value in all human beings, then, we set out on our chief task, to find the life-problem of our particular hero.
this necessitates definition and analysis.
somehow we must find the sphere in which our hero moved, the group to which he belonged, and must then discover the qualities that he showed in the group which made him a real individual.
such definition and analysis will appear when we examine the character of the hero and the events in his life.
defining the character in placing the subject of biography in a group we must take care to unify the character and at the same time to escape making him merely typical.
a biography is a portrait, and if it omits the peculiar lineaments that distinguish the hero from all others, if it overlooks the little details of personality, it is valueless, and certainly uninteresting.
before we are really interested in these people we must see the personal traits that give charm.
the unifying and centralizing of the character will be accomplished through discovering the fundamental nature.
he 'opens doors and windows,' shakes out a mind that has long lain in the creases of prejudice.
each of these characterizations classifies the subject; no one of them makes him a distinct personality, for thousands have been wandering scots, forces of expansion, burs.
the typifying is of great value in establishing the central point of view of the subject, but it cannot be left to stand alone in a real portrait.
it is necessary that we define our hero by determining the class to which he belongs, but such definition brings a great danger, the danger of making a warped interpretation.
at once we must take care, when we discover the type of a man, not to overwork the type qualities, not to make everything conform to this inner core, whether the detail properly fits or not.
in a sentence like the following there lurks the possibility of overworking a point of view, of riding rough-shod over details that do not immediately swing into line.
spontaneity of reaction to the hero is in possible danger of extinction when the biographer has solidly set down the class name.
the same danger is at hand when we find and state the controlling motive of the hero's life, as when we say that he was primarily ambitious, or exhibited above everything else courage.
we need be careful lest trivial matters be made to appear ambitious, thrillingly courageous, and lest we deny what seems contradictory.
in the following characterization of the historian green by his friend the rev.
mr. haweis we find no such cramping effect, but a welling forth of creative impression that makes green live before our eyes.
that slight nervous figure, below the medium height; that tall forehead, with the head prematurely bald; the quick but small eyes, rather close together; the thin mouth, with lips seldom at rest, but often closed tightly as though the teeth were clenched with an odd kind of latent energy beneath them; the slight, almost feminine hands; the little stoop; the quick alert step; the flashing exuberance of spirits; the sunny smile; the torrent of quick invective, scorn, or badinage, exchanged in a moment for a burst of sympathy or a delightful and prolonged flow of narrative--all this comes back to me vividly!
and what narrative, what anecdote, what glancing wit!
a man who shrank from society, and yet was so fitted to adorn and instruct every company he approached, from a parochial assembly to a statesman's reception!
but how enchanting were my walks with him in the victoria park, that one outlet of stepney and bethnal green!
i never in my life so lost count of time with any one before or since....
i have sometimes, after spending the evening with him at my lodgings, walked back to st. philip's parsonage, stepney, towards midnight, talking; then he has walked back with me in the summer night, talking; and when the dawn broke it has found us belated somewhere in the lonely mile end road, still unexhausted, and still talking.
by courtesy of the publishers, longmans, green & co., new york city.
but when we have inveighed as much as we need against the dangers of classification, we must swing round to the first statement that for unifying the character and giving it fundamental significance such classification is of great importance.
merely to find the type to which a character belongs is not sufficient; such a process leaves the character stamped, to be sure, but without interest.
we care for living people not chiefly because of their type but because of their individuality, the little traits that set them apart from their fellows.
the next step, therefore, is to discover and reveal the individuality.
the type to which a character belongs is shown by the large sweep of his whole life; his individuality is revealed often most clearly in the slight incidents by the way.
for this reason the personal anecdote assumes importance as adding both interest and completeness that consists in filling in the broad expanses of the portrait with the lines of individual expression.
this does not mean that all anecdotes are of value for expository biography; only those which are truly in the stream of personality, which help to establish either the type or the individual.
it is easily said that lincoln was a great democratic soul and a great humorist.
we feel the peculiar tang of the lincoln personality along with the type qualities of democrat and humorist.
for the anecdote is, we see, really in the main flow of washington's nature.
the personality of madame de stal's father is largely illuminated when we learn that though the little daughter sat primly at table as long as her mother remained in the room, as soon as she retired, with a cry of delight the child flung her napkin at her father's head.
anecdote is highly useful so long as we remember that it is not for adornment but for revelation, not primarily for interest--though that is an important function--but rather for proving in dramatic particular the quality which we claim for our hero.
properly chosen anecdotes should be the high lights in the proof of qualities which the writer's exposition establishes in more sober manner.
and of course they also serve to show the differentia which make the character an individual, and thus help to complete the definition.
we must break up the character and see its manifestations and the results of the influences that molded it.
it is not insignificant that emerson was the descendant of a long line of new england clergymen.
the bravery of stevenson is accounted for partly by the doughty old builder of lighthouses, his grandfather robert stevenson.
descent holds often, apparently, a guiding rein in directing a character into its life-problem.
emerson's problem was comparatively simplified, so far as personal integrity concerned him, for he was by nature good.
lowell testified that it was perfectly natural for himself to turn to literature, since in his childhood he had become so accustomed to the smell of russia leather in the bindings of his father's books.
in the paragraph which follows you will find an interesting account of the ancestry of o. w. holmes, with a statement also of the essential quiet of his life, which is nevertheless so often thought of as worthy of biographical treatment.
dr. holmes came of this good, old, unmixed new england stock that ran back to hell on the one side in the severest orthodoxy and up to heaven on the other in large liberality.
he discovered that the title deeds were all in heaven--while all other claims were by squatters' rights outside the garden of eden.
so dr. holmes grew into a unitarian and proceeded to cultivate the descent which lies outside paradise.
his father was a minister, so beautiful in countenance, holmes tells us, that he could never have believed an unkind thing, and his mother of different line was a liberal by descent.
holmes was born, too, to the conflicting traditions of yale and harvard; but beyond being born, practically nothing ever happened to him afterwards.
he had a little group of friends who were actually companions.
he went some summers to pittsfield where he had a summer house, and where the sparkling berkshire air seemed to suit his effervescent mind.
by courtesy of the publishers, the grolier society, london.
to what profession or kind of work does he turn?
where does he find the satisfaction for his energy that searches an outlet?
does he, like thomas carlyle, try one and another profession only to fail and be driven, finally, into the one work in which he could find the answer to the life-problem that his personality presents?
when his profession is chosen, what are his interests?
does he work out his problem in a narrowly restricted field, or does he call in the powers of a wide range of significant pursuits?
no expository biography of leonardo da vinci can overlook the astounding breadth of the man's activity, especially as shown in the remarkable document which he presented to ludovico sforza arranging his attainments under nine different headings in military engineering and adding a tenth for civil engineering and architecture,--and finally throwing in, as a suggestion, his worth as painter and sculptor!
there were the compounds of a life-problem sufficiently complex to satisfy the most captious.
or if the hero never moves from a tiny hamlet, treads only one path--as pericles is said to have done between house and office during the great days of his power--the fact is significant.
the grasp of ideas within whatever field the hero may choose is also important.
the distinction between the personality that is merely efficient in handling facts, and the personality that dominates the facts and drives them at his bidding, that shows real power, has direct bearing on the nature and the solution of the life-problem.
the bravery of the stoic, the voluptuous sentimentality of many religious people of modern times, vitally affect the nature of the character which possesses them.
if your hero is by nature an aristocrat, if his sympathies are limited to the few choice people of the world, his life-problem is radically different from that of the natural democrat like abraham lincoln.
finally, whatever ideas he may hold about the relation in society of man to man, of man to woman, will inevitably influence his solution of his particular question, just as his beliefs are themselves partly determined by his physical being.
has he the gift of familiarity, or does he struggle in vain to break through the bars of personality, or is he terrified at the gulf between himself and another?
does he regard friends as useful instruments, as pleasant companions, or as objects of devoted affection?
--not only the boy but the older poet is illuminated by the words.
stephen a. douglas holding lincoln's hat beside the platform while the gettysburg address was being delivered showed not only the mellowness of his own nature but the commanding power of friendship that lincoln possessed.
the number of friends and the range of their activity--whether selected from all sections of human activity or from the hero's own more limited field--are important.
were his deeds actuated by generous motives, or by petty?
macbeth strode through large events, as did robert e. lee, yet the dominating motives were quite different, and these motives throw the utmost light on the fundamentals of character.
before you write, then, first define your hero, find his type and his individuality, and then analyze his character to determine his descent, his intellectual interests, his beliefs, his friends, and his deeds.
and remember that these are not in water-tight compartments, separated from each other, but that they fuse together to make the personality, to create the life-problem, and to answer it.
the use of events in the life dramatic biography is almost wholly the moving events of life.
the evil of cheap fiction is partly that it will be nothing but events, that only dust will be raised, no meaning found.
you must guard against this, because absence of events both complicates the writer's task and makes his success with the reader more problematic.
moreover, since so largely the positive personality of the hero will express itself in action, since largely through events we shall discover what the life-problem is and especially how it is met, to omit the flow of events is to lame the interpretation.
the vitality of fiction is always increased by dramatic presentation.
since you have a real character to make vital, bring to your writing the devices that make characters real.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
the total course is mapped for you: there is the pedigree, there the birth, and finally there the funeral.
but to choose only those facts that are common to all, to make your hero do only the conventionally unavoidable things, will leave him without personality.
the question is, what did he do that was peculiar to himself, what reaction to life did he alone, of all the myriads, make?
it is not sufficient that you tell your reader that robert franz labored at his profession of music.
what you must do is to show how, in poverty, which, but for the inexhaustible kindness of liszt, would have been unrelieved, with total deafness upon him, with his musician's-fingers twisted and useless with paralysis, and with only slight recognition from the world for his efforts, he quite beautifully subordinated his own personality for the sake of his art and for years labored in unremunerative love at the unwritten harmonies of bach and handel that the public might have complete realization of the otherwise crippled productions.
choose, then, the events that all share in common if they are of value in giving a framework for your narrative presentation, but especially choose those events that in their nature illuminate the personality and complement your analysis.
often, especially with the more humble heroes, the home life is more important than the public deeds, brings out more clearly the real man than any amount of marching in the market place or discussing in the public square.
the incident related of robert e. lee when he was president of washington college is more revealing, almost, of his greatness of heart than a far more important deed of the great general.
to neglect either public or private life makes the biography less valuable; light upon the personality from whatever honest source is to be eagerly sought.
it is not that you have parallel lines, one of action and one of character; the two lines join and become one.
you have the choice of observing the personality through the medium of events, or events through the medium of personality.
of the two, the latter is to be preferred.
to understand the personality we heed to know whether it controls and directs events, or merely receives them.
into every life a large measure of chance enters.
does the personality merely receive the events, or does it master chance?
mozart--grace, liberty, certainty, freedom, and precision of style, and exquisite and aristocratic beauty, serenity of soul, the health and talent of the master, both on a level with his genius; beethoven--more pathetic, more passionate, more torn with feeling, more intricate, more profound, less perfect, more the slave of his genius, more carried away by his fancy or his passion, more moving, and more sublime than mozart.... one is serene, the other serious....
the first is stronger than destiny, because he takes life less profoundly; the second is less strong, because he has dared to measure himself against deeper sorrows....
in mozart the balance of the whole is perfect, and art triumphs; in beethoven feeling governs everything and emotion troubles his art in proportion as it deepens it.
and when, in the company of goethe, he once met an archduke, though goethe made a profound bow with bared head, beethoven reached up, jammed his hat down tighter upon his head, and, rigidly erect, stalked by without recognition of rank.
these actions of beethoven are emotionally tempestuous.
we have our choice of interpreting them as resulting from his personality or of determining his personality as revealed by the deeds.
in general it is better to view deeds and events in the light of personality.
it is necessary, therefore, to link the events of his life to the current of his times, to fit him into the background against which his life was played.
how was he affected, what influence did he exert, what offices or positions of trust did he hold?
often, of course, estimate of the personality will be considerably determined by his relations with his contemporaries.
you need to bear two cautions in mind: first, not to misjudge a man because moral or social standards have shifted since his times; and second, not to introduce so much matter about his relationships as to obscure the outlines of his personality or as to relegate him to less than the chief position.
imaginative sympathy will be sufficient to prevent the first.
if you really look through your hero's eyes at the life that he saw, with his standards in mind, though you may have to condemn his attitude from a more modern point of view, you will be able to see that his deeds are quite comprehensible, that perhaps, had you been in his place, you would have acted likewise.
we no longer decorate important bridges with the heads of criminals set on pikes, as our ancestors did, nor do we burn supposed witches.
but though we condemn edward the first of england for the one and the salem puritans for the other, we can still love both edward and the puritans--if we have imaginative sympathy.
the second caution requires simply that you make your hero dominate the scene.
now this is not an easy task when you are reviewing, in many pages, the gorgeous pageant of an age.
in one's memory, each fact by and by fell into its own place; the chief ones stood out; the lesser sank back into a confused but not inextricable mass of throbbing vitality.
and from it all emerged more and more clearly the one central figure who gave his name to the whole--frederick of prussia.
it was as they bore on him from all quarters of time and space, and as he reacted on them far and wide, that all these events and all these people were brought back out of their dusty graves to live again.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
make your hero stand near the footlights, then, and take care that he be not in the shadows of the wings.
the exact succession of events need not be followed, surely; sometimes the intended effect will demand a reversal of actual order, but the relation in time will be found valuable for showing the growth of personality, of intellectual grasp, of influence upon the world.
do not, then, neglect the active life of your hero.
by presenting it you will find the task of composition lightened, you will help to establish the personality, and you will give to the writing the dramatic vitality that is so much desired by the reader.
the problem of telling the truth however imaginatively sympathetic you may be in interpreting your hero, however carefully you may try to find his life-problem, and however well you may attempt to define and analyze his personality, you will be confronted with one almost insuperable problem--how to tell the truth.
in no form of exposition is this problem more difficult.
long observation and study of our heroes seems often to make us even less fitted to estimate their worth, for we reach the state of companionship with them where we resent any fact that does not tally with our formed judgment, and are tempted to exclude it.
partiality operates, of course, both for and against personalities.
adulation and damnation are the logical extremes which result from a too operative blind spot on the retina of judgment.
you must remember and cling to the fact that no man is perfect and no man wholly bad.
george washington has terribly suffered in the estimates of later times because of the desire to make him perfect.
the true expository biographer will conceal nothing that is significant, whether he wishes, in spite of himself, perhaps, that it did not exist.
the best cure for the errors of falsity from over-love or over-condemnation is still sane imaginative sympathy.
another safeguard is absence of desire to make rhetorical effect.
an aureole is picturesque, horns and hoofs add piquancy; the hand itches to deck the hero as saint or to fit him out as devil.
but you must subordinate any such cheap desire, must write with the restraint that comes from seeing your hero steady and seeing him whole.
the vulgarity of the superlatives of political campaigns has no place in your pages.
this imaginatively sympathetic attitude must not rely on itself alone, but must employ the other safeguard against untruth, must passionately pursue facts, and facts, and still facts to make the conception of the hero complete and to give the writing that so much desired quality of fullness.
the very greatest care is necessary to determine what facts are true and what are fallacious.
you are largely at the mercy of your second or third or tenth-hand sources when you write of historical characters.
when your hero is a living person you must challenge the report of your own senses and general experience lest you admit what is false or omit what is significant.
presumably a child never more earnestly desires to commit murder than when some little willie or susie has been held up as a model.
if willie and susie escape with only kicked shins, they may count luck benevolent.
your duty is to understand and love, not to preach about the character.
you are to give us an estimate of the great adventure of this person through life, and leave to us to make the moral, if any is to be made.
if the life has a message, the reader will catch it; if it has not, silence is virtuous.
the rhetorical form finally, the rhetorical problem of forming your material presents itself.
first of all do not forget that all the charms of style of which you are capable should be summoned to your aid.
since you deal with the fascinating subject of human personality your writing should not be dull.
all too many biographical essays begin stupidly.
takes voice and the reader canters down the new delightful lane where a finger beckons.
whether you use anecdote, or quotation, or important fact, or statement of birth, or description, let your beginning invite and not dismay.
the chief structural problem is, without doubt, to fuse the analyzed elements of deeds and friends and interests and others into one organic whole.
if you use the chronological sequence of events, which has already been discussed, showing how each event or group of events indicates the character, you will have an easily followed plan.
such a plan, or that of treating the whole life from the point of view of the central, controlling motive, is the ideal method.
if you choose to unify the whole by showing how events, friends, interests of various kinds, and the other manifestations of the hero's life all establish the central motive, you will have a more difficult, though more elastic form.
with this plan you can distribute the details in the points where they will be of most value, can, for example, indicate a change in the hero's nature by approaching through an event, a friendship, a turning of tastes in reading or in general interests.
the difficulty here lies in the tendency toward such dispersion of details as to destroy unity even though to gain this is the chief intention.
in the face of this difficulty you may use a third method, which is likely to be less pleasing, less artistic, but more easily applied.
this is a useful method, and in complicated lives it is sometimes the only method that is reasonably easy to handle.
closely similar to this method is that of dividing your material under the headings of the ways in which your hero affected his times, the ways in which he was known.
thus you might treat of the reputation as converser, as organizer, as literary man, as public servant, as friend of the poor, or whatever heading your hero's life affords.
whatever method you may employ, you should remember that a human life does not appear in separate, distinct phases, that a man does not seem to be now this, now that, but rather all details, of whatever nature, mingle and fuse into a unit, however complicated it may be.
you should attempt, then, to make one main thread, of however many colors it may be woven, rather than a series of parallel threads.
if, then, you assume the attitude of imaginative sympathy, and study your hero until you know what his particular life-problem was, what his type and what his individuality, and with love and yet restraint make your estimate, aiming at truth to character and to facts of his life, you will produce writing that will be more than a mere scholar's document, writing that will warm the heart of your reader to a new personality and will be a friend of a winter evening fireside.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
le bon dieu me dit: chante, chante, pauvre petit.
who of the millions whom he has amused doesn't love him?
to be the most beloved of english writers, what a title that is for a man!
a wild youth, wayward, but full of tenderness and affection, quits the country village where his boyhood has been passed in happy musing, in idle shelter, in fond longing to see the great world out of doors, and achieve fame and fortune; and after years of dire struggle and neglect and poverty, his heart turning back as fondly to his native place as it had longed eagerly for change when sheltered there, he writes a book and a poem, full of the recollections and feelings of home; he paints the friends and scenes of his youth, and peoples auburn and wakefield with remembrances of lissoy.
wander he must, but he carries away a home-relic with him, and dies with it on his breast.
his nature is truant; in repose it longs for change,--as on the journey it looks back for friends and quiet.
he passes to-day in building an air-castle for to-morrow, or in writing yesterday's elegy; and he would fly away this hour, but that a cage and necessity keep him.
what is the charm of his verse, of his style and humor?--his sweet regrets, his delicate compassion, his soft smile, his tremulous sympathy, the weakness which he owns?
you come hot and tired from the day's battle, and this sweet minstrel sings to you.
he carries no weapon save the harp on which he plays to you and with which he delights great and humble, young and old, the captains in the tents or the soldiers round the fire, or the women and children in the villages, at whose porches he stops and sings his simple songs of love and beauty.
not one of us, however busy or hard, but once or twice in our lives has passed an evening with him, and undergone the charm of his delightful music.
goldsmith's father was no doubt the good doctor primrose, whom we all of us know.
swift was yet alive, when the little oliver was born at pallas, or pallasmore, in the county of longford, in ireland.
here the kind parson brought up his eight children; and loving all the world, as his son says, fancied all the world loved him.
he had a crowd of poor dependants besides those hungry children.
he kept an open table, round which sat flatterers and poor friends, who laughed at the honest rector's many jokes, and ate the produce of his seventy acres of farm.
those who have seen an irish house in the present day can fancy that one at lissoy.
the old beggar still has his allotted corner by the kitchen turf; the maimed old soldier still gets his potatoes and buttermilk; the poor cottier still asks his honor's charity and prays god bless his reverence for the sixpence; the ragged pensioner still takes his place by right of sufferance.
there's still a crowd in the kitchen, and a crowd round the parlor table; profusion, confusion, kindness, poverty.
if an irishman comes to london to make his fortune, he has a half-dozen of irish dependants who take a percentage of his earnings.
the good charles goldsmith left but little provision for his hungry race when death summoned him; and one of his daughters being engaged to a squire of rather superior dignity, charles goldsmith impoverished the rest of his family to provide the girl with a dowry.
the small-pox, which scourged all europe at that time, and ravaged the roses off the cheeks of half the world, fell foul of poor little oliver's face when the child was eight years old, and left him scarred and disfigured for his life.
an old woman in his father's village taught him his letters, and pronounced him a dunce.
paddy byrne, the hedge-schoolmaster, then took him in hand; and from paddy byrne he was transmitted to a clergyman at elphin.
it is hard to think how ruthlessly you were birched, and how much of needless whipping and tears our small forefathers had to undergo!
a relative--kind uncle contarine--took the main charge of little noll; who went through his school-days righteously doing as little work as he could, robbing orchards, playing at ball, and making his pocket-money fly about whenever fortune sent it to him.
who does not know every story about goldsmith?
one can fancy a queer, pitiful look of humor and appeal upon that little scarred face, the funny little dancing figure, the funny little brogue.
in his life and writings, which are the honest expression of it, he is constantly bewailing that homely face and person; anon he surveys them in the glass ruefully, and presently assumes the most comical dignity.
he likes to deck out his little person in splendor and fine colors.
he presented himself to be examined for ordination in a pair of scarlet breeches, and said honestly that he did not like to go into the church because he was fond of colored clothes.
when he tried to practise as a doctor, he got by hook or by crook a black velvet suit, and looked as big and as grand as he could, and kept his hat over a patch on the old coat.
in better days he bloomed out in plum-color, in blue silk, and in new velvet.
for some of those splendors the heirs and assignees of mr. filby, the tailor, have never been paid to this day; perhaps the kind tailor and his creditor have met and settled their little account in hades.
not the young sizar's, who made but a poor figure in that place of learning.
he was idle, penniless, and fond of pleasure; he learned his way early to the pawn-broker's shop.
he wrote ballads, they say, for the street-singers, who paid him a crown for his poem; and his pleasure was to steal out at night and hear the verses sung.
he was chastised by his tutor for giving a dance in his rooms, and took the box on the ear so much to heart that he packed up his all, pawned his books and little property, and disappeared from college and family.
he said he intended to go to america; but when his money was spent, the young prodigal came home ruefully, and the good folks there killed their calf (it was but a lean one) and welcomed him back.
after college he hung about his mother's house, and lived for some years the life of a buckeen,--passed a month with this relation and that, a year with one patron, and a great deal of time at the public-house.
tired of this life, it was resolved that he should go to london, and study at the temple; but he got no farther on the road to london and the woolsack than dublin, where he gambled away the fifty pounds given him for his outfit, and whence he returned to the indefatigable forgiveness of home.
then he determined to be a doctor, and uncle contarine helped him to a couple of years at edinburgh.
then from edinburgh he felt that he ought to hear the famous professors of leyden and paris, and wrote most amusing pompous letters to his uncle about the great farheim, du petit, and duhamel du monceau, whose lectures he proposed to follow.
if uncle contarine believed those letters; if oliver's mother believed that story which the youth related, of his going to cork with the purpose of embarking for america, of his having paid his passenger money and having sent his kit on board, of the anonymous captain sailing away with oliver's valuable luggage in a nameless ship, never to return,--if uncle contarine and the mother at ballymahon believed his stories, they must have been a very simple pair, as it was a very simple rogue indeed who cheated them.
when the lad, after failing in his clerical examinations, after failing in his plan for studying the law, took leave of these projects and of his parents and set out for edinburgh, he saw mother and uncle, and lazy ballymahon, and green native turf and sparkling river for the last time.
he was never to look on old ireland more, and only in fancy revisit her.
i spoke in a former lecture of that high courage which enabled fielding, in spite of disease, remorse, and poverty, always to retain a cheerful spirit and to keep his manly benevolence and love of truth intact,--as if these treasures had been confided to him for the public benefit, and he was accountable to posterity for their honorable employ; and a constancy equally happy and admirable i think was shown by goldsmith, whose sweet and friendly nature bloomed kindly always in the midst of a life's storm and rain and bitter weather.
the poor fellow was never so friendless but he could befriend some one; never so pinched and wretched but he could give of his crust, and speak his word of compassion.
if he had but his flute left, he could give that, and make the children happy in the dreary london court.
he could give the coals in that queer coal-scuttle we read of to his neighbor; he could give away his blankets in college to the poor widow, and warm himself as he best might in the feathers; he could pawn his coat, to save his landlord from jail.
when he was a school-usher he spent his earnings in treats for the boys, and the good-natured schoolmaster's wife said justly that she ought to keep mr. goldsmith's money as well as the young gentlemen's.
when he met his pupils in later life, nothing would satisfy the doctor but he must treat them still.
his purse and his heart were everybody's, and his friend's as much as his own.
when he was at the height of his reputation, and the earl of northumberland, going as lord lieutenant to ireland, asked if he could be of any service to doctor goldsmith, goldsmith recommended his brother and not himself to the great man.
hard patrons they were, and hard work he did; but he did not complain much.
if in his early writings some bitter words escaped him, some allusions to neglect and poverty, he withdrew these expressions when his works were republished, and better days seemed to open for him; and he did not dare to complain that printer and publisher had overlooked his merit or left him poor.
the court's face was turned from honest oliver; the court patronized beattie.
the fashion did not shine on him; fashion adored sterne; fashion pronounced kelly to be the great writer of comedy of his day.
a little--not ill-humor--but plaintiveness--a little betrayal of wounded pride which he showed renders him not the less amiable.
he had not the great public with him; but he had the noble johnson and the admirable reynolds and the great gibbon and the great burke and the great fox,--friends and admirers illustrious indeed, as famous as those who, fifty years before, sat round pope's table.
nobody knows, and i dare say goldsmith's buoyant temper kept no account of, all the pains which he endured during the early period of his literary career.
should any man of letters in our day have to bear up against such, heaven grant he may come out of the period of misfortune with such a pure, kind heart as that which goldsmith obstinately bore in his breast!
the insults to which he had to submit were shocking to read of,--slander, contumely, vulgar satire, brutal malignity, perverting his commonest motives and actions.
he had his share of these; and one's anger is roused at reading of them, as it is at seeing a woman insulted or a child assaulted, at the notion that a creature so very gentle and weak, and full of love, should have to suffer so.
and he had worse than insult to undergo,--to own to fault, and deprecate the anger of ruffians.
there is a letter of his extant to one griffiths, a bookseller, in which poor goldsmith is forced to confess that certain books sent by griffiths are in the hands of a friend from whom goldsmith had been forced to borrow money.
if we pity the good and weak man who suffers undeservedly, let us deal very gently with him from whom misery extorts not only tears but shame; let us think humbly and charitably of the human nature that suffers so sadly and falls so low.
what weak heart, confident before trial, may not succumb under temptation invincible?
cover the good man who has been vanquished,--cover his face and pass on.
for the last half-dozen years of his life goldsmith was far removed from the pressure of any ignoble necessity, and in the receipt, indeed, of a pretty large income from the booksellers, his patrons.
had he lived but a few years more, his public fame would have been as great as his private reputation, and he might have enjoyed alive part of that esteem which his country has ever since paid to the vivid and versatile genius who has touched on almost every subject of literature, and touched nothing that he did not adorn.
except in rare instances, a man is known in our profession and esteemed as a skilful workman years before the lucky hit which trebles his usual gains, and stamps him a popular author.
in the strength of his age and the dawn of his reputation, having for backers and friends the most illustrious literary men of his time, fame and prosperity might have been in store for goldsmith had fate so willed it, and at forty-six had not sudden disease taken him off.
i say prosperity rather than competence; for it is probable that no sum could have put order into his affairs, or sufficed for his irreclaimable habits of dissipation.
as has been the case with many another good fellow of his nation, his life was tracked and his substance wasted by crowds of hungry beggars and lazy dependents.
if they came at a lucky time (and be sure they knew his affairs better than he did himself, and watched his pay-day), he gave them of his money; if they begged on empty-purse day, he gave them his promissory bills, or he treated them to a tavern where he had credit, or he obliged them with an order upon honest mr. filby for coats,--for which he paid as long as he could earn, and until the shears of filby were to cut for him no more.
staggering under a load of debt and labor; tracked by bailiffs and reproachful creditors; running from a hundred poor dependents, whose appealing looks were perhaps the hardest of all pains for him to bear; devising fevered plans for the morrow, new histories, new comedies, all sorts of new literary schemes; flying from all these into seclusion, and out of seclusion into pleasure,--at last, at five-and-forty death seized him and closed his career.
this infantile outrage was followed by summary justice, and i was locked up by my indignant father in an adjoining room to undergo solitary imprisonment in the dark.
here i began to howl and scream most abominably, which was no bad step toward my liberation, since those who were not inclined to pity me might be likely to set me free for the purpose of abating a nuisance.
it was the tender-hearted doctor himself, with a lighted candle in his hand and a smile upon his countenance, which was still partially red from the effects of my petulance.
i sulked and sobbed as he fondled and soothed, till i began to brighten.
goldsmith seized the propitious moment of returning good-humor, when he put down the candle and began to conjure.
he placed three hats, which happened to be in the room, and a shilling under each: the shillings, he told me, were england, france, and spain.
cried the doctor; and lo, on uncovering the shillings, which had been dispersed each beneath a separate hat, they were all found congregated under one!
i was no politician at five years old, and therefore might not have wondered at the sudden revolution which brought england, france, and spain all under one crown; but as also i was no conjuror, it amazed me beyond measure.... from that time, whenever the doctor came to visit my father, 'i plucked his gown to share the good man's smile; a game at romps constantly ensued, and we were always cordial friends and merry playfellows.
our unequal companionship varied somewhat as to sports as i grew older; but it did not last long: my senior playmate died in his forty-fifth year, when i had attained my eleventh....
think of him reckless, thriftless, vain, if you like,--but merciful, gentle, generous, full of love and pity.
he passes out of our life, and goes to render his account beyond it.
think of the poor pensioners weeping at his grave; think of the noble spirits that admired and deplored him; think of the righteous pen that wrote his epitaph, and of the wonderful and unanimous response of affection with which the world has paid back the love he gave it.
his humor delighting us still, his song fresh and beautiful as when he first charmed with it, his words in all our mouths, his very weaknesses beloved and familiar,--his benevolent spirit seems still to smile upon us, to do gentle kindnesses, to succor with sweet charity; to soothe, caress, and forgive; to plead with the fortunate for the unhappy and the poor.
then make a chronological list of the dates in the life.
compare the two lists and determine how many members of the second list need to be included to make an expository account intelligible.
do you find other members which, though not really necessary, are so interesting as to be worth including?
can you establish any final general law about the relation of dates and qualities?
make the same experiment upon the life of some one of your acquaintances.
on the basis of the epitaph write a life of michael henchard.
& that i be not bury'd in consecrated ground.
& that no sexton be asked to toll the bell.
& that nobody is wished to see my dead body.
& that no murners walk behind me at my funeral.
& that no flours be planted on my grave.
try in each case to give the reader a knowledge of the character and of the events in the life.
how much basis have you for making an estimate of the people of whom the following were said, if you limit your knowledge to the remark?
what conclusion do you draw as to the usefulness of general remarks about character?
v. what relation do you find between personality and character?
on which can you more surely depend for making a just estimate?
which do contemporaries of a subject for biography usually emphasize?
explain how a man like thomas jefferson can be regarded by many as a great statesman and by others, such as mrs. gertrude atherton for example, as a disgustingly vulgar person, almost a rascal.
what light does your explanation throw upon the duties and dangers of writing biography?
what light do the following remarks throw upon the speakers?
how much justification would you feel in using the remarks as basis for biographical estimate?
make the outline for an expository biography of one of the large figures of history, including the important events and showing the relations with contemporaries and the effect upon them.
then make a similar outline for the biography of some comparatively humble person of whom you know who has affected a more restricted group of contemporaries.
compare the two with a view to making this statement: as the great man was to his large group, so the lesser man was to his smaller group.
what light does this shed on the individual life without regard to station in society?
write a life of napoleon from the point of view of wellington, of prince metternich, of louis philippe; a life of robert burns from the point of view of a country parson, of franois villon (supposing that villon knew burns), of william shakespeare; a life of michael angelo from the point of view of an art student, of a humble worshiper in st. peter's; a life of richard croker from the point of view of a ward boss, of a widow who has received coal for years from tammany hall, of an old-time gentleman in new york city; a life of andrew carnegie from the point of view of a laborer in the steel mills, of a spinster librarian in a small quiet town, of a college senior who is a member of the i.w.w., of a holder of shares in the steel trust; a life of edison from the point of view of an artist who prefers candles to electricity, of a farmer's wife who no longer has to clean a multitude of lamps; a life of jane addams from the point of view of a political gangster, of a poor italian woman whom miss addams has befriended, of a college girl who has a vision of woman's larger usefulness.
write the life of a man who has just been elected to some office of prominence, such as a seat in the state senate or perhaps to the national house of representatives, and who is expected by all his friends and acquaintances to make a brilliant record.
then write another of the same man who has ignominiously failed to meet expectations and who has come back to his home town with a ruined reputation.
try to take the point of view of a person who does not know that the career is to fail, and then see how you will modify the whole account in the second life.
what is the central motive in goldsmith's life as found by thackeray?
how does he bring out his conception of goldsmith?
make an outline of the article in which you will list the various events in goldsmith's life.
make another outline to show wherein the character and quality of the man are shown.
is enough given in each case to make sufficient knowledge on the reader's part?
do you think that thackeray overemphasizes the sentimental appeal of goldsmith's weaknesses and his mellow kindness?
do you find any element of information about the man conspicuously lacking, as, for instance, a statement of goldsmith's friendships, his effect upon his times, or his beliefs?
is there any lack of imaginative sympathy on the part of thackeray?
suppose that an efficient business man had written the article, would goldsmith's lack of responsibility have escaped so easily?
in the light of your answer to the preceding question do you think that the article is really fair?
to sing, or i mistake, is my task here below.
will not all those whom i thus amuse love me?
libraries differ greatly in the degree of convenience, and some lecturers are much more readily intelligible than others, and their lectures much more easily codified in notes.
even the most conveniently arranged library, with the most accommodating librarian, is rather formidable unless one knows the method of approach.
and until one has thought out the problem of taking notes from lectures, even the most intelligible speaker presents great difficulties.
perhaps a few words here will be of some use in unriddling the mysteries.
first of all a word needs to be said about the greatest slavery of modern times--slavery to the printed word.
is still for many people sufficient reason for believing anything, however untrue, illogical, impossible it may be.
it is well to remember that nearly everybody writes books and yet very few of us are wise.
obviously, not everything can be authoritative, especially when it is contradicted in the next book.
a reader without a good steadying sense of balance, a shrewd determination to weigh what he reads and judge of its value for himself is as helpless as a man in a whirlpool.
you need not be too stiff-necked toward a book, need not deny for the mere sake of denial, but you do need to stand off and regard every book with reasonable caution.
sometimes you can see for yourself that what is said is not true.
sometimes you can at once feel that the spirit of the book is unsafe, wild, unthinking.
sometimes you will detect at once a blinding prejudice.
if the subject is unknown to you, so that you have no safe basis for judgment about it, you are, to look the matter squarely in the face, at the mercy of the book.
but shrewd inquiries as to the author's reputation, his opportunities for knowledge of the subject, and an ever-watchful eye for reasonableness and good judgment, will save you from many mistakes.
and always remember that the mere fact of a statement's being in print does not make it more true than it was when merely oral.
don't, then, believe a printed statement which you would hotly deny if you heard it from the lips of some one.
it is a matter of intellectual self-respect to read and judge, not to read and blindly swallow.
whether you read or listen, you will need to make notes.
it would be delightful if our flattering feeling that we can remember whatever we read or hear were true--the trouble is, it is not.
it is better to play safe and have the record in notes, than to be too independent and find a blank in your mind when time to write arrives.
the chief virtue in note-taking is economy.
the three interweave and are inextricable, in the total, but may be somewhat distinguished.
as to time: there is no virtue whatever in slaving for hours over notes that need only a few minutes.
notes are tools: their object is temporary, to be of service for composition or future reference; they are not an object in themselves.
on the other hand, since dull tools will not cut, don't slight them.
a builder who should have too meticulous care for his scaffolding is in danger of never seeing his building completed.
notes seek essentials, and therefore time should not be wasted on non-essentials.
but, since slovenly, ill-assorted, illegible notes require extraordinary time for deciphering and arranging, it is of the greatest importance that you conserve your future minutes by making your notes neat, ordered, legible.
any abbreviations that you can surely remember are most useful.
a complete sentence--which really has no special need for completeness--that you cannot read is worthless, but a few words that indicate the gist of the thought, and are immediately legible, are most valuable.
moreover, if you take time enough for every word, you are in danger of becoming so engrossed in penmanship as to lose the broad sweep of the lecture or book.
notes must drive toward unity and away from chaos.
your first principle, then, should be to set down neatly what will be of real service, and let the rest go.
as to space--any one who has made manuscripts from notes has learned how irritating, how bewildering a huge mass of material can be.
some subjects require such a mass, and in such a case the note-taker will use as much space as he needs.
but economy, which is the cardinal virtue, will require as little diffusion, as great concentration as possible.
if you can succeed in including everything of value on one sheet, instead of scattering it over several, you are to be congratulated.
only, be sure that you do not neglect something of real value.
you can often save much space and effort and the use of stores of connecting words and phrases if you will indent and subordinate sub-topics so that the eye will show the relation at once.
such practice is admirable mental training, also, for it teaches the listener or reader to keep his brain detached for seeing relationships, for grasping the parts in relation to the whole and to each other.
if interesting remarks which do not bear directly upon the main subject attract with sufficient intensity to make record worth while, set them down in brackets, to indicate their nature.
remembering, then, that a concentrated barrage is of more value in attack than scattered fire, use as little space as may suffice for the essentials.
as to effort, remember that the old sea-captain whose boat was so leaky that he declared he had pumped the whole atlantic through it on one voyage would have entered port more easily with a better boat.
if you do not take time and pains for grouping and ordering as you make your notes, be sure that you will have much pumping to do when the article is to be made.
grouping and ordering require concentration in reading or listening--but there is no harm in that.
you ought to be able to write one thing and listen to another at the same time.
watch especially for any indication in a lecture of change in topic.
become aware of the enormous waste of energy that college students show.
essentials, set down in athletic leanness--that is the ideal.
in taking notes from books, people differ greatly.
some use a separate slip for each note, and much can be said in commendation of this system.
some are able to heap everything together and then divine where each topic is.
it is always well, often imperative, to jot down the source of each note, so that you can either verify or later judge of the value in the light of the worth of the source.
note-taking, in other words, is a matter of brains and common sense: brains to see what is important, and sense to see that neatness and order are essential to true economy, the great virtue of notes.
with the best of intentions, then, you enter the library.
since each library is arranged on a somewhat individual scheme, and different collections have different materials, you will need to examine the individual library.
a wise student will inquire at the desk for any pamphlet that may help to unriddle the special system.
librarians are benevolent people, do not wish to choke you, and are glad to answer any reasonable question.
if your questions are formless, if you really do not know what you want, sit down on the steps and think it over until you do, and then enter boldly and politely ask for information.
the complimentarily implied power of reading your mind is not especially welcome to even a librarian who is subject to vanity--and incidentally he may think that you are irresponsible.
are not uncommon--and seldom bring desired results.
since you have entered for information, summon all your resourcefulness to try every possibility before you agree that there is no help for you there.
you can use the card catalogue, the reference books, the indexes, year-books and magazine guides, and finally, if every other source fails, can lay your troubles before the librarian--but not until you have fought bravely.
the card catalogue does not list employers' liability, let us say, and you do not know any authors who have written on the subject.
the card catalogue will contain a card for each book in the library: if you know the title, look for it.
if you know neither author nor title, look for the general subject heading.
for each book will usually have the three cards of subject, author, and title.
most of us too often forget the encyclopdias.
if the catalogue has been exhausted, then see what the encyclopdias may contain.
look in the volume that contains the index, first, for often a part of an article will tell you exactly what you wish, but the article as a whole will not be listed under the subject that you are seeking.
often you will wish to find contemporary, immediate material.
use your resourcefulness here, as you did in the card catalogue, and do not give up.
often these books will give you the odd bit of information that you have hunted for in vain elsewhere.
in using a book, employ the table of contents and the index to save time.
often individual libraries have compiled lists of their own books on various subjects.
in other words, the search for material and the taking of notes is a matter of strategy: it requires that the seeker use his wits, plan his campaign, find what is available, and in the briefest time compatible with thoroughness assimilate whatever of it is of value.
caution and indefatigable zeal and resourcefulness--these are almost sure to win the day.
transcriber's note obvious typographical errors were repaired, as listed below.
other apparent inconsistencies or errors have been retained.
missing, extraneous, or incorrect punctuation has been corrected.
most of the inconsistent hyphenation has been retained as many appear in quoted passages.
text enclosed by equal signs is in bold (=bold=).
although oe ligatures have been expanded, other diacritical marks are enclosed by square brackets.
for example, [)i] represents a breve over the letter i, and [=y] represents a macron over the letter y.
(the value of this method lies in its liveliness and the ease with which it makes an idea comprehended.)
(and above all, he will never forget the gleam of idealism that he received in the old halls, the vision of his chance to serve his fellows.)
(... and my trivial story of his humoring a forward child weighs but as a feather in the recorded scale of his benevolence.)
updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
we can begin to state the difference between realism and idealism in terms of this opposition of contents and objects.
speaking quite roughly and approximately, we may say that idealism tends to suppress the object, while realism tends to suppress the content.
idealism, accordingly, says that nothing can be known except thoughts, and all the reality that we know is mental; while realism maintains that we know objects directly, in sensation certainly, and perhaps also in memory and thought.
idealism does not say that nothing can be known beyond the present thought, but it maintains that the context of vague belief, which we spoke of in connection with the thought of st. paul's, only takes you to other thoughts, never to anything radically different from thoughts.
the difficulty of this view is in regard to sensation, where it seems as if we came into direct contact with the outer world.
but the berkeleian way of meeting this difficulty is so familiar that i need not enlarge upon it now.
i shall return to it in a later lecture, and will only observe, for the present, that there seem to me no valid grounds for regarding what we see and hear as not part of the physical world.
realists, on the other hand, as a rule, suppress the content, and maintain that a thought consists either of act and object alone, or of object alone.
i have been in the past a realist, and i remain a realist as regards sensation, but not as regards memory or thought.
i will try to explain what seem to me to be the reasons for and against various kinds of realism.
modern idealism professes to be by no means confined to the present thought or the present thinker in regard to its knowledge; indeed, it contends that the world is so organic, so dove-tailed, that from any one portion the whole can be inferred, as the complete skeleton of an extinct animal can be inferred from one bone.
but the logic by which this supposed organic nature of the world is nominally demonstrated appears to realists, as it does to me, to be faulty.
they argue that, if we cannot know the physical world directly, we cannot really know any thing outside our own minds: the rest of the world may be merely our dream.
this is a dreary view, and they there fore seek ways of escaping from it.
accordingly they maintain that in knowledge we are in direct contact with objects, which may be, and usually are, outside our own minds.
no doubt they are prompted to this view, in the first place, by bias, namely, by the desire to think that they can know of the existence of a world outside themselves.
but we have to consider, not what led them to desire the view, but whether their arguments for it are valid.
there are two different kinds of realism, according as we make a thought consist of act and object, or of object alone.
their difficulties are different, but neither seems tenable all through.
take, for the sake of definiteness, the remembering of a past event.
the remembering occurs now, and is therefore necessarily not identical with the past event.
so long as we retain the act, this need cause no difficulty.
the act of remembering occurs now, and has on this view a certain essential relation to the past event which it remembers.
thus, when we reject the act, which i think we must, we are driven to a theory of memory which is more akin to idealism.
these arguments, however, do not apply to sensation.
it is especially sensation, i think, which is considered by those realists who retain only the object.
* their views, which are chiefly held in america, are in large measure derived from william james, and before going further it will be well to consider the revolutionary doctrine which he advocated.
i believe this doctrine contains important new truth, and what i shall have to say will be in a considerable measure inspired by it.
it loses personal form and activity--these passing over to the content--and becomes a bare bewusstheit or bewusstsein uberhaupt, of which in its own right absolutely nothing can be said.
i believe (he continues) that 'consciousness,' when once it has evaporated to this estate of pure diaphaneity, is on the point of disappearing altogether.
it is the name of a nonentity, and has no right to a place among first principles.
he explains that this is no sudden change in his opinions.
his next concern is to explain away the air of paradox, for james was never wilfully paradoxical.
there is, i mean, no aboriginal stuff or quality of being, contrasted with that of which material objects are made, out of which our thoughts of them are made; but there is a function in experience which thoughts perform, and for the performance of which this quality of being is invoked.
james's view is that the raw material out of which the world is built up is not of two sorts, one matter and the other mind, but that it is arranged in different patterns by its inter-relations, and that some arrangements may be called mental, while others may be called physical.
just so, i maintain (he continues), does a given undivided portion of experience, taken in one context of associates, play the part of a knower, of a state of mind, of 'consciousness'; while in a different context the same undivided bit of experience plays the part of a thing known, of an objective 'content.'
he does not believe in the supposed immediate certainty of thought.
this word has been dropped by the american realists, among whom we may mention specially professor r. b. perry of harvard and mr. edwin b. holt.
the interests of this school are in general philosophy and the philosophy of the sciences, rather than in psychology; they have derived a strong impulsion from james, but have more interest than he had in logic and mathematics and the abstract part of philosophy.
my own belief--for which the reasons will appear in subsequent lectures--is that james is right in rejecting consciousness as an entity, and that the american realists are partly right, though not wholly, in considering that both mind and matter are composed of a neutral-stuff which, in isolation, is neither mental nor material.
i should admit this view as regards sensations: what is heard or seen belongs equally to psychology and to physics.
there are, it seems to me, prima facie different kinds of causal laws, one belonging to physics and the other to psychology.
the law of gravitation, for example, is a physical law, while the law of association is a psychological law.
but entities subject only to physical laws, or only to psychological laws, are not neutral, and may be called respectively purely material and purely mental.
to them also, on the whole, belongs professor john dewey, who, with james and dr. schiller, was one of the three founders of pragmatism.
whether we think meanwhile, they tell us, cannot be known; in their observation of the behaviour of human beings, they have not so far found any evidence of thought.
true, we talk a great deal, and imagine that in so doing we are showing that we can think; but behaviourists say that the talk they have to listen to can be explained without supposing that people think.
it is humiliating to find how terribly adequate this hypothesis turns out to be.
behaviourism has not, however, sprung from observing the folly of men.
it is the wisdom of animals that has suggested the view.
those who desired to investigate such questions were led to observe the behaviour of animals, in the hope that their behaviour would throw some light on their mental faculties.
at first sight, it might seem that this is so.
the more such inferences are examined, the more precarious they are seen to be.
hence the study of animal behaviour has been gradually led to abandon all attempt at mental interpretation.
and it can hardly be doubted that, in many cases of complicated behaviour very well adapted to its ends, there can be no prevision of those ends.
the first time a bird builds a nest, we can hardly suppose it knows that there will be eggs to be laid in it, or that it will sit on the eggs, or that they will hatch into young birds.
it does what it does at each stage because instinct gives it an impulse to do just that, not because it foresees and desires the result of its actions.
it has seemed to the behaviourists that similar methods can be applied to human behaviour, without assuming anything not open to external observation.
let us give a crude illustration, too crude for the authors in question, but capable of affording a rough insight into their meaning.
one says fifty-four, the other says fifty-six.
but all that we can observe is a certain language-habit.
but all that is observed or discovered is a certain set of habits in the use of words.
the thoughts (if any) in the mind of the examinee are of no interest to the examiner; nor has the examiner any reason to suppose even the most successful examinee capable of even the smallest amount of thought.
so far, there is nothing particularly repugnant to our prejudices in the conclusions of the behaviourists.
we are all willing to admit that other people are thoughtless.
but when it comes to ourselves, we feel convinced that we can actually perceive our own thinking.
he maintains that our knowledge of ourselves is no different in kind from our knowledge of other people.
introspection, as a separate source of knowledge, is entirely denied by psychologists of this school.
i shall discuss this question at length in a later lecture; for the present i will only observe that it is by no means simple, and that, though i believe the behaviourists somewhat overstate their case, yet there is an important element of truth in their contention, since the things which we can discover by introspection do not seem to differ in any very fundamental way from the things which we discover by external observation.
so far, we have been principally concerned with knowing.
but it might well be maintained that desiring is what is really most characteristic of mind.
human beings are constantly engaged in achieving some end they feel pleasure in success and pain in failure.
in a purely material world, it may be said, there would be no opposition of pleasant and unpleasant, good and bad, what is desired and what is feared.
he decides, let us suppose, to go to a certain place, whereupon he proceeds to the station, takes his ticket and enters the train.
if the usual route is blocked by an accident, he goes by some other route.
all that he does is determined--or so it seems--by the end he has in view, by what lies in front of him, rather than by what lies behind.
a stone at the top of a hill may start rolling, but it shows no pertinacity in trying to get to the bottom.
any ledge or obstacle will stop it, and it will exhibit no signs of discontent if this happens.
it is not attracted by the pleasantness of the valley, as a sheep or cow might be, but propelled by the steepness of the hill at the place where it is.
in all this we have characteristic differences between the behaviour of animals and the behaviour of matter as studied by physics.
desire, like knowledge, is, of course, in one sense an observable phenomenon.
an elephant will eat a bun, but not a mutton chop; a duck will go into the water, but a hen will not.
but when we think of our own desires, most people believe that we can know them by an immediate self-knowledge which does not depend upon observation of our actions.
yet if this were the case, it would be odd that people are so often mistaken as to what they desire.
such people are called self-deceivers, and are supposed to have had to go through some more or less elaborate process of concealing from themselves what would otherwise have been obvious.
i believe that this is an entire mistake.
i believe that the discovery of our own motives can only be made by the same process by which we discover other people's, namely, the process of observing our actions and inferring the desire which could prompt them.
the belief that a motive is normally conscious makes it easier to be mistaken as to our own motives than as to other people's.
we therefore look for some other interpretation of our actions, and regard our friends as very unjust when they refuse to be convinced by our repudiation of what we hold to be a calumny.
moral considerations greatly increase the difficulty of clear thinking in this matter.
it is commonly argued that people are not to blame for unconscious motives, but only for conscious ones.
in order, therefore, to be wholly virtuous it is only necessary to repeat virtuous formulas.
so long as we refuse to allow ourselves, even in the watches of the night, to avow any contrary desires, we may be bullies at home, shady in the city, skinflints in paying wages and profiteers in dealing with the public; yet, if only conscious motives are to count in moral valuation, we shall remain model characters.
this is an agreeable doctrine, and it is not surprising that men are un willing to abandon it.
but moral considerations are the worst enemies of the scientific spirit and we must dismiss them from our minds if we wish to arrive at truth.
i believe--as i shall try to prove in a later lecture--that desire, like force in mechanics, is of the nature of a convenient fiction for describing shortly certain laws of behaviour.
a hungry animal is restless until it finds food; then it becomes quiescent.
the thing which will bring a restless condition to an end is said to be what is desired.
but only experience can show what will have this sedative effect, and it is easy to make mistakes.
we feel dissatisfaction, and think that such and-such a thing would remove it; but in thinking this, we are theorizing, not observing a patent fact.
our theorizing is often mistaken, and when it is mistaken there is a difference between what we think we desire and what in fact will bring satisfaction.
this is such a common phenomenon that any theory of desire which fails to account for it must be wrong.
psycho-analysis, as every one knows, is primarily a method of understanding hysteria and certain forms of insanity*; but it has been found that there is much in the lives of ordinary men and women which bears a humiliating resemblance to the delusions of the insane.
the connection of dreams, irrational beliefs and foolish actions with unconscious wishes has been brought to light, though with some exaggeration, by freud and jung and their followers.
as regards the nature of these unconscious wishes, it seems to me--though as a layman i speak with diffidence--that many psycho-analysts are unduly narrow; no doubt the wishes they emphasize exist, but others, e.g.
for honour and power, are equally operative and equally liable to concealment.
this, however, does not affect the value of their general theories from the point of view of theoretic psychology, and it is from this point of view that their results are important for the analysis of mind.
for nay part, i cannot see how to separate consciousness from awareness.
what, i think, is clearly established, is that a man's actions and beliefs may be wholly dominated by a desire of which he is quite unconscious, and which he indignantly repudiates when it is suggested to him.
such a desire is generally, in morbid cases, of a sort which the patient would consider wicked; if he had to admit that he had the desire, he would loathe himself.
yet it is so strong that it must force an outlet for itself; hence it becomes necessary to entertain whole systems of false beliefs in order to hide the nature of what is desired.
the resulting delusions in very many cases disappear if the hysteric or lunatic can be made to face the facts about himself.
the consequence of this is that the treatment of many forms of insanity has grown more psychological and less physiological than it used to be.
instead of looking for a physical defect in the brain, those who treat delusions look for the repressed desire which has found this contorted mode of expression.
the following references are to the second edition.
this illustrates a point which i am anxious to make clear from the outset.
any attempt to classify modern views, such as i propose to advocate, from the old standpoint of materialism and idealism, is only misleading.
in certain respects, the views which i shall be setting forth approximate to materialism; in certain others, they approximate to its opposite.
on this question of the study of delusions, the practical effect of the modern theories, as dr. hart points out, is emancipation from the materialist method.
on the other hand, as he also points out (pp.
there is no inconsistency in this if, as we maintain, mind and matter are neither of them the actual stuff of reality, but different convenient groupings of an underlying material, then, clearly, the question whether, in regard to a given phenomenon, we are to seek a physical or a mental cause, is merely one to be decided by trial.
metaphysicians have argued endlessly as to the interaction of mind and matter.
the followers of descartes held that mind and matter are so different as to make any action of the one on the other impossible.
when i will to move my arm, they said, it is not my will that operates on my arm, but god, who, by his omnipotence, moves my arm whenever i want it moved.
the modern doctrine of psychophysical parallelism is not appreciably different from this theory of the cartesian school.
psycho-physical parallelism is the theory that mental and physical events each have causes in their own sphere, but run on side by side owing to the fact that every state of the brain coexists with a definite state of the mind, and vice versa.
this view of the reciprocal causal independence of mind and matter has no basis except in metaphysical theory.
* for us, there is no necessity to make any such assumption, which is very difficult to harmonize with obvious facts.
i receive a letter inviting me to dinner: the letter is a physical fact, but my apprehension of its meaning is mental.
here we have an effect of matter on mind.
in consequence of my apprehension of the meaning of the letter, i go to the right place at the right time; here we have an effect of mind on matter.
i shall try to persuade you, in the course of these lectures, that matter is not so material and mind not so mental as is generally supposed.
when we are speaking of matter, it will seem as if we were inclining to idealism; when we are speaking of mind, it will seem as if we were inclining to materialism.
there is, it is true, one objection which might be felt, not indeed to the action of matter on mind, but to the action of mind on matter.
the laws of physics, it may be urged, are apparently adequate to explain everything that happens to matter, even when it is matter in a man's brain.
this, however, is only a hypothesis, not an established theory.
there is no cogent empirical reason for supposing that the laws determining the motions of living bodies are exactly the same as those that apply to dead matter.
sometimes, of course, they are clearly the same.
when a man falls from a precipice or slips on a piece of orange peel, his body behaves as if it were devoid of life.
these are the occasions that make bergson laugh.
i do not wish to say dogmatically that the difference is irreducible; i think it highly probable that it is not.
i say only that the study of the behaviour of living bodies, in the present state of our knowledge, is distinct from physics.
the study of gases was originally quite distinct from that of rigid bodies, and would never have advanced to its present state if it had not been independently pursued.
nowadays both the gas and the rigid body are manufactured out of a more primitive and universal kind of matter.
in like manner, as a question of methodology, the laws of living bodies are to be studied, in the first place, without any undue haste to subordinate them to the laws of physics.
boyle's law and the rest had to be discovered before the kinetic theory of gases became possible.
but in psychology we are hardly yet at the stage of boyle's law.
meanwhile we need not be held up by the bogey of the universal rigid exactness of physics.
this is, as yet, a mere hypothesis, to be tested empirically without any preconceptions.
they speak always as though it were more normal for a desire to be conscious, and as though a positive cause had to be assigned for its being unconscious.
most of us like the idea that we could be desperately wicked if only we let ourselves go.
i do not think the truth is quite so picturesque as this.
the unconscious desire is not something actually existing, but merely a tendency to a certain behaviour; it has exactly the same status as a force in dynamics.
the unconscious desire is in no way mysterious; it is the natural primitive form of desire, from which the other has developed through our habit of observing and theorizing (often wrongly).
the usual reason is merely that wishes are all, to begin with, unconscious, and only become known when they are actively noticed.
usually, from laziness, people do not notice, but accept the theory of human nature which they find current, and attribute to themselves whatever wishes this theory would lead them to expect.
both these views, in most of those who have held them, are the product of theory rather than observation, for observation requires effort, whereas repeating phrases does not.
they suppose that when wishes are repressed they are repressed into the 'unconscious,' and that this mysterious censor stands at the trapdoor lying between the conscious and the unconscious.
many of us do not believe in a world of the unconscious (a few of us even have grave doubts about the usefulness of the term consciousness), hence we try to explain censorship along ordinary biological lines.
we believe that one group of habits can 'down' another group of habits--or instincts.
one of the merits of the general analysis of mind which we shall be concerned with in the following lectures is that it removes the atmosphere of mystery from the phenomena brought to light by the psycho-analysts.
mystery is delightful, but unscientific, since it depends upon ignorance.
man has developed out of the animals, and there is no serious gap between him and the amoeba.
in the following lectures, accordingly, this term will disappear until we have dealt with words, when it will re-emerge as mainly a trivial and unimportant outcome of linguistic habits.
from this fact it is a highly probable inference that there is also nowhere a very wide mental gap.
but the hypothesis of continuity in mental development is clearly preferable if no psychological facts make it impossible.
we shall find, if i am not mistaken, that there are no facts which refute the hypothesis of mental continuity, and that, on the other hand, this hypothesis affords a useful test of suggested theories as to the nature of mind.
the hypothesis of mental continuity throughout organic evolution may be used in two different ways.
on the one hand, it may be held that we have more knowledge of our own minds than those of animals, and that we should use this knowledge to infer the existence of something similar to our own mental processes in animals and even in plants.
on the other hand, it may be held that animals and plants present simpler phenomena, more easily analysed than those of human minds; on this ground it may be urged that explanations which are adequate in the case of animals ought not to be lightly rejected in the case of man.
the practical effects of these two views are diametrically opposite: the first leads us to level up animal intelligence with what we believe ourselves to know about our own intelligence, while the second leads us to attempt a levelling down of our own intelligence to something not too remote from what we can observe in animals.
it is therefore important to consider the relative justification of the two ways of applying the principle of continuity.
it is clear that the question turns upon another, namely, which can we know best, the psychology of animals or that of human beings?
if we can know most about animals, we shall use this knowledge as a basis for inference about human beings; if we can know most about human beings, we shall adopt the opposite procedure.
and the question whether we can know most about the psychology of human beings or about that of animals turns upon yet another, namely: is introspection or external observation the surer method in psychology?
we know a great many things concerning ourselves which we cannot know nearly so directly concerning animals or even other people.
we know when we have a toothache, what we are thinking of, what dreams we have when we are asleep, and a host of other occurrences which we only know about others when they tell us of them, or otherwise make them inferable by their behaviour.
thus, so far as knowledge of detached facts is concerned, the advantage is on the side of self-knowledge as against external observation.
but when we come to the analysis and scientific understanding of the facts, the advantages on the side of self-knowledge become far less clear.
we know, for example, that we have desires and beliefs, but we do not know what constitutes a desire or a belief.
the phenomena are so familiar that it is difficult to realize how little we really know about them.
we see in animals, and to a lesser extent in plants, behaviour more or less similar to that which, in us, is prompted by desires and beliefs, and we find that, as we descend in the scale of evolution, behaviour becomes simpler, more easily reducible to rule, more scientifically analysable and predictable.
and just because we are not misled by familiarity we find it easier to be cautious in interpreting behaviour when we are dealing with phenomena remote from those of our own minds: moreover, introspection, as psychoanalysis has demonstrated, is extraordinarily fallible even in cases where we feel a high degree of certainty.
the net result seems to be that, though self-knowledge has a definite and important contribution to make to psychology, it is exceedingly misleading unless it is constantly checked and controlled by the test of external observation, and by the theories which such observation suggests when applied to animal behaviour.
on the whole, therefore, there is probably more to be learnt about human psychology from animals than about animal psychology from human beings; but this conclusion is one of degree, and must not be pressed beyond a point.
it is only bodily phenomena that can be directly observed in animals, or even, strictly speaking, in other human beings.
we can observe such things as their movements, their physiological processes, and the sounds they emit.
such things as desires and beliefs, which seem obvious to introspection, are not visible directly to external observation.
accordingly, if we begin our study of psychology by external observation, we must not begin by assuming such things as desires and beliefs, but only such things as external observation can reveal, which will be characteristics of the movements and physiological processes of animals.
some animals, for example, always run away from light and hide themselves in dark places.
if you pick up a mossy stone which is lightly embedded in the earth, you will see a number of small animals scuttling away from the unwonted daylight and seeking again the darkness of which you have deprived them.
such animals are sensitive to light, in the sense that their movements are affected by it; but it would be rash to infer that they have sensations in any way analogous to our sensations of sight.
such inferences, which go beyond the observable facts, are to be avoided with the utmost care.
it is customary to divide human movements into three classes, voluntary, reflex and mechanical.
if i stumble as i run, the sensation of falling provokes a movement of the hands towards the direction of the fall, the effect of which is to shield the body from too sudden a shock.
if a cinder enter my eye, its lids close forcibly and a copious flow of tears tends to wash it out.
the closure of the eye and the lachrymation are quite involuntary, and so is the disturbance of the heart.
such involuntary responses we know as 'reflex' acts.
the motion of the arms to break the shock of falling may also be called reflex, since it occurs too quickly to be deliberately intended.
whether it be instinctive or whether it result from the pedestrian education of childhood may be doubtful; it is, at any rate, less automatic than the previous acts, for a man might by conscious effort learn to perform it more skilfully, or even to suppress it altogether.
actions of this kind, with which instinct and volition enter upon equal terms, have been called 'semi-reflex.'
the act of running towards the train, on the other hand, has no instinctive element about it.
it is purely the result of education, and is preceded by a consciousness of the purpose to be attained and a distinct mandate of the will.
thus the animal's reflex and voluntary performances shade into each other gradually, being connected by acts which may often occur automatically, but may also be modified by conscious intelligence.
there is one movement, among those that james mentions at first, which is not subsequently classified, namely, the stumbling.
for example, if you fall over a cliff, you move under the influence of gravitation, and your centre of gravity describes just as correct a parabola as if you were already dead.
mechanical movements have not the characteristic of appropriateness, unless by accident, as when a drunken man falls into a waterbutt and is sobered.
a moth flying into a lamp is not acting sensibly; no more is a man who is in such a hurry to get his ticket that he cannot remember the name of his destination.
appropriateness is a complicated and merely approximate idea, and for the present we shall do well to dismiss it from our thoughts.
as james states, there is no difference, from the point of view of the outside observer, between voluntary and reflex movements.
the physiologist can discover that both depend upon the nervous system, and he may find that the movements which we call voluntary depend upon higher centres in the brain than those that are reflex.
for the present, we wish to place ourselves resolutely in the position of outside observers; we will therefore ignore the distinction between voluntary and reflex movements.
there is need for some care if the distinction between mechanical and vital movements is to be made precise.
it is quite likely that, if we knew more about animal bodies, we could deduce all their movements from the laws of chemistry and physics.
it is already fairly easy to see how chemistry reduces to physics, i.e.
how the differences between different chemical elements can be accounted for by differences of physical structure, the constituents of the structure being electrons which are exactly alike in all kinds of matter.
we only know in part how to reduce physiology to chemistry, but we know enough to make it likely that the reduction is possible.
if we suppose it effected, what would become of the difference between vital and mechanical movements?
some analogies will make the difference clear.
a shock to a mass of dynamite produces quite different effects from an equal shock to a mass of steel: in the one case there is a vast explosion, while in the other case there is hardly any noticeable disturbance.
similarly, you may sometimes find on a mountain-side a large rock poised so delicately that a touch will set it crashing down into the valley, while the rocks all round are so firm that only a considerable force can dislodge them what is analogous in these two cases is the existence of a great store of energy in unstable equilibrium ready to burst into violent motion by the addition of a very slight disturbance.
but the effect in generating kinetic energy is said to be amazing.
a human body, like a mass of dynamite, contains a store of energy in unstable equilibrium, ready to be directed in this direction or that by a disturbance which is physically very small, such as a spoken word.
in all such cases the reduction of behaviour to physical laws can only be effected by entering into great minuteness; so long as we confine ourselves to the observation of comparatively large masses, the way in which the equilibrium will be upset cannot be determined.
physicists distinguish between macroscopic and microscopic equations: the former determine the visible movements of bodies of ordinary size, the latter the minute occurrences in the smallest parts.
it is only the microscopic equations that are supposed to be the same for all sorts of matter.
the macroscopic equations result from a process of averaging out, and may be different in different cases.
so, in our instance, the laws of macroscopic phenomena are different for mechanical and vital movements, though the laws of microscopic phenomena may be the same.
we may say, speaking somewhat roughly, that a stimulus applied to the nervous system, like a spark to dynamite, is able to take advantage of the stored energy in unstable equilibrium, and thus to produce movements out of proportion to the proximate cause.
movements produced in this way are vital movements, while mechanical movements are those in which the stored energy of a living body is not involved.
similarly dynamite may be exploded, thereby displaying its characteristic properties, or may (with due precautions) be carted about like any other mineral.
the explosion is analogous to vital movements, the carting about to mechanical movements.
mechanical movements are of no interest to the psychologist, and it has only been necessary to define them in order to be able to exclude them.
when a psychologist studies behaviour, it is only vital movements that concern him.
we shall, therefore, proceed to ignore mechanical movements, and study only the properties of the remainder.
the next point is to distinguish between movements that are instinctive and movements that are acquired by experience.
this distinction also is to some extent one of degree.
this definition is framed for the purposes of biology, and is in some respects unsuited to the needs of psychology.
the essential point of the definition, from our point of view, is that an instinctive movement is in dependent of prior experience.
* the instincts of an animal are different at different periods of its growth, and this fact may cause changes of behaviour which are not due to learning.
the maturing and seasonal fluctuation of the sex-instinct affords a good illustration.
when the sex-instinct first matures, the behaviour of an animal in the presence of a mate is different from its previous behaviour in similar circumstances, but is not learnt, since it is just the same if the animal has never previously been in the presence of a mate.
* though this can only be decided by comparison with other members of the species, and thus exposes us to the need of comparison which we thought an objection to professor lloyd morgan's definition.
there are various complications which blur the sharpness of this distinction in practice.
to begin with, many instincts mature gradually, and while they are immature an animal may act in a fumbling manner which is very difficult to distinguish from learning.
in the second place, instinct often gives only a rough outline of the sort of thing to do, in which case learning is necessary in order to acquire certainty and precision in action.
in the third place, even in the clearest cases of acquired habit, such as speaking, some instinct is required to set in motion the process of learning.
in the case of speaking, the chief instinct involved is commonly supposed to be that of imitation, but this may be questioned.
in spite of these qualifications, the broad distinction between instinct and habit is undeniable.
to take extreme cases, every animal at birth can take food by instinct, before it has had opportunity to learn; on the other hand, no one can ride a bicycle by instinct, though, after learning, the necessary movements become just as automatic as if they were instinctive.
the process of learning, which consists in the acquisition of habits, has been much studied in various animals.
* for example: you put a hungry animal, say a cat, in a cage which has a door that can be opened by lifting a latch; outside the cage you put food.
the cat at first dashes all round the cage, making frantic efforts to force a way out.
at last, by accident, the latch is lifted and the cat pounces on the food.
next day you repeat the experiment, and you find that the cat gets out much more quickly than the first time, although it still makes some random movements.
the third day it gets out still more quickly, and before long it goes straight to the latch and lifts it at once.
or you make a model of the hampton court maze, and put a rat in the middle, assaulted by the smell of food on the outside.
the rat starts running down the passages, and is constantly stopped by blind alleys, but at last, by persistent attempts, it gets out.
you repeat this experiment day after day; you measure the time taken by the rat in reaching the food; you find that the time rapidly diminishes, and that after a while the rat ceases to make any wrong turnings.
it is by essentially similar processes that we learn speaking, writing, mathematics, or the government of an empire.
i think there is a reason why his theory cannot be regarded as alone sufficient, but it seems not unlikely that it is partly correct.
suppose, for the sake of simplicity, that there are just ten random movements which may be made by the animal--say, ten paths down which it may go--and that only one of these leads to food, or whatever else represents success in the case in question.
then the successful movement always occurs during the animal's attempts, whereas each of the others, on the average, occurs in only half the attempts.
the greater the satisfaction or discomfort, the greater the strengthening or weakening of the bond.
what is true of animals, as regards instinct and habit, is equally true of men.
but the higher we rise in the evolutionary scale, broadly speaking, the greater becomes the power of learning, and the fewer are the occasions when pure instinct is exhibited unmodified in adult life.
this applies with great force to man, so much so that some have thought instinct less important in the life of man than in that of animals.
learning is only possible when instinct supplies the driving-force.
the animals in cages, which gradually learn to get out, perform random movements at first, which are purely instinctive.
but for these random movements, they would never acquire the experience which afterwards enables them to produce the right movement.
(this is partly questioned by hobhouse*--wrongly, i think.)
similarly, children learning to talk make all sorts of sounds, until one day the right sound comes by accident.
it is clear that the original making of random sounds, without which speech would never be learnt, is instinctive.
i think we may say the same of all the habits and aptitudes that we acquire in all of them there has been present throughout some instinctive activity, prompting at first rather inefficient movements, but supplying the driving force while more and more effective methods are being acquired.
a cat which is hungry smells fish, and goes to the larder.
this is a thoroughly efficient method when there is fish in the larder, and it is often successfully practised by children.
but in later life it is found that merely going to the larder does not cause fish to be there; after a series of random movements it is found that this result is to be caused by going to the city in the morning and coming back in the evening.
no one would have guessed a priori that this movement of a middle-aged man's body would cause fish to come out of the sea into his larder, but experience shows that it does, and the middle-aged man therefore continues to go to the city, just as the cat in the cage continues to lift the latch when it has once found it.
of course, in actual fact, human learning is rendered easier, though psychologically more complex, through language; but at bottom language does not alter the essential character of learning, or of the part played by instinct in promoting learning.
language, however, is a subject upon which i do not wish to speak until a later lecture.
the popular conception of instinct errs by imagining it to be infallible and preternaturally wise, as well as incapable of modification.
instinct, as a rule, is very rough and ready, able to achieve its result under ordinary circumstances, but easily misled by anything unusual.
bergson, quoting fabre, has made play with the supposed extraordinary accuracy of the solitary wasp ammophila, which lays its eggs in a caterpillar.
the result is that the caterpillar is paralyzed, but not immediately killed, the advantage of this being that the larva cannot be injured by any movement of the caterpillar, upon which the egg is deposited, and is provided with fresh meat when the time comes.
this illustrates how love of the marvellous may mislead even so careful an observer as fabre and so eminent a philosopher as bergson.
in the same chapter of dr. drever's book there are some interesting examples of the mistakes made by instinct.
nevertheless, the ants tend the lomechusa larvae with the same care they bestow on their own young.
he relates how hunters attract stags by imitating the sounds of other members of their species, male or female, but find that the older a stag becomes the more difficult it is to deceive him, and the more accurate the imitation has to be.
the literature of instinct is vast, and illustrations might be multiplied indefinitely.
all the above characteristics of instinct can be established by purely external observation, except the fact that instinct does not require prevision.
who can believe, for example, that a new-born baby is aware of the necessity of food for preserving life?
or that insects, in laying eggs, are concerned for the preservation of their species?
the essence of instinct, one might say, is that it provides a mechanism for acting without foresight in a manner which is usually advantageous biologically.
it is partly for this reason that it is so important to understand the fundamental position of instinct in prompting both animal and human behaviour.
we think of the content of the desire as being just like the content of a belief, while the attitude taken up towards the content is different.
it would be easy to say that, just as belief is one kind of feeling in relation to this content, so desire is another kind.
the discomfort associated with unsatisfied desire, and the actions which aim at satisfying desire, are, in this view, both of them effects of the desire.
i think it is fair to say that this is a view against which common sense would not rebel; nevertheless, i believe it to be radically mistaken.
it cannot be refuted logically, but various facts can be adduced which make it gradually less simple and plausible, until at last it turns out to be easier to abandon it wholly and look at the matter in a totally different way.
the first set of facts to be adduced against the common sense view of desire are those studied by psycho-analysis.
most psycho-analysts pay little attention to the analysis of desire, being interested in discovering by observation what it is that people desire, rather than in discovering what actually constitutes desire.
i think the strangeness of what they report would be greatly diminished if it were expressed in the language of a behaviourist theory of desire, rather than in the language of every-day beliefs.
the general description of the sort of phenomena that bear on our present question is as follows: a person states that his desires are so-and-so, and that it is these desires that inspire his actions; but the outside observer perceives that his actions are such as to realize quite different ends from those which he avows, and that these different ends are such as he might be expected to desire.
generally they are less virtuous than his professed desires, and are therefore less agreeable to profess than these are.
it is accordingly supposed that they really exist as desires for ends, but in a subconscious part of the mind, which the patient refuses to admit into consciousness for fear of having to think ill of himself.
there are no doubt many cases to which such a supposition is applicable without obvious artificiality.
but the deeper the freudians delve into the underground regions of instinct, the further they travel from anything resembling conscious desire, and the less possible it becomes to believe that only positive self-deception conceals from us that we really wish for things which are abhorrent to our explicit life.
in the cases in question we have a conflict between the outside observer and the patient's consciousness.
the whole tendency of psycho-analysis is to trust the outside observer rather than the testimony of introspection.
i believe this tendency to be entirely right, but to demand a re-statement of what constitutes desire, exhibiting it as a causal law of our actions, not as something actually existing in our minds.
but let us first get a clearer statement of the essential characteristic of the phenomena.
a person, we find, states that he desires a certain end a, and that he is acting with a view to achieving it.
we observe, however, that his actions are such as are likely to achieve a quite different end b, and that b is the sort of end that often seems to be aimed at by animals and savages, though civilized people are supposed to have discarded it.
we sometimes find also a whole set of false beliefs, of such a kind as to persuade the patient that his actions are really a means to a, when in fact they are a means to b.
for example, we have an impulse to inflict pain upon those whom we hate; we therefore believe that they are wicked, and that punishment will reform them.
this belief enables us to act upon the impulse to inflict pain, while believing that we are acting upon the desire to lead sinners to repentance.
it is for this reason that the criminal law has been in all ages more severe than it would have been if the impulse to ameliorate the criminal had been what really inspired it.
most people, in thinking about punishment, have had no more need to hide their vindictive impulses from themselves than they have had to hide the exponential theorem.
our impulses are not patent to a casual observation, but are only to be discovered by a scientific study of our actions, in the course of which we must regard ourselves as objectively as we should the motions of the planets or the chemical reactions of a new element.
the study of animals reinforces this conclusion, and is in many ways the best preparation for the analysis of desire.
in animals we are not troubled by the disturbing influence of ethical considerations.
in dealing with human beings, we are perpetually distracted by being told that such-and-such a view is gloomy or cynical or pessimistic: ages of human conceit have built up such a vast myth as to our wisdom and virtue that any intrusion of the mere scientific desire to know the facts is instantly resented by those who cling to comfortable illusions.
but no one cares whether animals are virtuous or not, and no one is under the delusion that they are rational.
for all these reasons, there is much in the analysis of mind which is more easily discovered by the study of animals than by the observation of human beings.
we all think that, by watching the behaviour of animals, we can discover more or less what they desire.
if this is the case--and i fully agree that it is--desire must be capable of being exhibited in actions, for it is only the actions of animals that we can observe.
it would seem, therefore, that actions alone must be the test of the desires of animals.
from this it is an easy step to the conclusion that an animal's desire is nothing but a characteristic of a certain series of actions, namely, those which would be commonly regarded as inspired by the desire in question.
and when it has been shown that this view affords a satisfactory account of animal desires, it is not difficult to see that the same explanation is applicable to the desires of human beings.
we judge easily from the behaviour of an animal of a familiar kind whether it is hungry or thirsty, or pleased or displeased, or inquisitive or terrified.
the verification of our judgment, so far as verification is possible, must be derived from the immediately succeeding actions of the animal.
most people would say that they infer first something about the animal's state of mind--whether it is hungry or thirsty and so on--and thence derive their expectations as to its subsequent conduct.
but this detour through the animal's supposed mind is wholly unnecessary.
an animal which is hungry is restless, it goes to the places where food is often to be found, it sniffs with its nose or peers with its eyes or otherwise increases the sensitiveness of its sense-organs; as soon as it is near enough to food for its sense-organs to be affected, it goes to it with all speed and proceeds to eat; after which, if the quantity of food has been sufficient, its whole demeanour changes it may very likely lie down and go to sleep.
these things and others like them are observable phenomena distinguishing a hungry animal from one which is not hungry.
generalizing what occurs in the case of hunger, we may say that what we call a desire in an animal is always displayed in a cycle of actions having certain fairly well marked characteristics.
there is first a state of activity, consisting, with qualifications to be mentioned presently, of movements likely to have a certain result; these movements, unless interrupted, continue until the result is achieved, after which there is usually a period of comparative quiescence.
a cycle of actions of this sort has marks by which it is broadly distinguished from the motions of dead matter.
neither of these can be pressed beyond a point.
either may be (a) to some extent present in dead matter, and (b) to a considerable extent absent in animals, while vegetable are intermediate, and display only a much fainter form of the behaviour which leads us to attribute desire to animals.
we do not say so, because we can account for the behaviour of water by the laws of physics; and if we knew more about animals, we might equally cease to attribute desires to them, since we might find physical and chemical reactions sufficient to account for their behaviour.
(b) many of the movements of animals do not exhibit the characteristics of the cycles which seem to embody desire.
an animal which falls over a cliff may make a number of desperate struggles while it is in the air, but its centre of gravity will move exactly as it would if the animal were dead.
in this case, if the animal is killed at the end of the fall, we have, at first sight, just the characteristics of a cycle of actions embodying desire, namely, restless movement until the ground is reached, and then quiescence.
nevertheless, we feel no temptation to say that the animal desired what occurred, partly because of the obviously mechanical nature of the whole occurrence, partly because, when an animal survives a fall, it tends not to repeat the experience.
there may be other reasons also, but of them i do not wish to speak yet.
besides mechanical movements, there are interrupted movements, as when a bird, on its way to eat your best peas, is frightened away by the boy whom you are employing for that purpose.
if interruptions are frequent and completion of cycles rare, the characteristics by which cycles are observed may become so blurred as to be almost unrecognizable.
the result of these various considerations is that the differences between animals and dead matter, when we confine ourselves to external unscientific observation of integral behaviour, are a matter of degree and not very precise.
it is for this reason that it has always been possible for fanciful people to maintain that even stocks and stones have some vague kind of soul.
the evidence that animals have souls is so very shaky that, if it is assumed to be conclusive, one might just as well go a step further and extend the argument by analogy to all matter.
nevertheless, in spite of vagueness and doubtful cases, the existence of cycles in the behaviour of animals is a broad characteristic by which they are prima facie distinguished from ordinary matter; and i think it is this characteristic which leads us to attribute desires to animals, since it makes their behaviour resemble what we do when (as we say) we are acting from desire.
i believe these definitions to be adequate also to human purposes and desires, but for the present i am only occupied with animals and with what can be learnt by external observation.
we have not so far considered what is the nature of the initial stimulus to a behaviour-cycle.
yet it is here that the usual view of desire seems on the strongest ground.
the hungry animal goes on making movements until it gets food; it seems natural, therefore, to suppose that the idea of food is present throughout the process, and that the thought of the end to be achieved sets the whole process in motion.
such a view, however, is obviously untenable in many cases, especially where instinct is concerned.
take, for example, reproduction and the rearing of the young.
birds mate, build a nest, lay eggs in it, sit on the eggs, feed the young birds, and care for them until they are fully grown.
it is totally impossible to suppose that this series of actions, which constitutes one behaviour-cycle, is inspired by any prevision of the end, at any rate the first time it is performed.
* we must suppose that the stimulus to the performance of each act is an impulsion from behind, not an attraction from the future.
the bird does what it does, at each stage, because it has an impulse to that particular action, not because it perceives that the whole cycle of actions will contribute to the preservation of the species.
the same considerations apply to other instincts.
coming now to human beings, and to what we know about our own actions, it seems clear that what, with us, sets a behaviour-cycle in motion is some sensation of the sort which we call disagreeable.
take the case of hunger: we have first an uncomfortable feeling inside, producing a disinclination to sit still, a sensitiveness to savoury smells, and an attraction towards any food that there may be in our neighbourhood.
while we are talking or reading, we may eat in complete unconsciousness; but we perform the actions of eating just as we should if we were conscious, and they cease when our hunger is appeased.
this view may seem at first exaggerated, but the more our so-called volitions and their causes are examined, the more it is forced upon us.
the part played by words in all this is complicated, and a potent source of confusions; i shall return to it later.
for the present, i am still concerned with primitive desire, as it exists in man, but in the form in which man shows his affinity to his animal ancestors.
conscious desire is made up partly of what is essential to desire, partly of beliefs as to what we want.
it is important to be clear as to the part which does not consist of beliefs.
the primitive non-cognitive element in desire seems to be a push, not a pull, an impulsion away from the actual, rather than an attraction towards the ideal.
certain sensations and other mental occurrences have a property which we call discomfort; these cause such bodily movements as are likely to lead to their cessation.
pleasurable sensations either stimulate no action at all, or at most stimulate such action as is likely to prolong them.
i shall return shortly to the consideration of what discomfort and pleasure are in themselves; for the present, it is their connection with action and desire that concerns us.
abandoning momentarily the standpoint of behaviourism, we may presume that hungry animals experience sensations involving discomfort, and stimulating such movements as seem likely to bring them to the food which is outside the cages.
when they have reached the food and eaten it, their discomfort ceases and their sensations become pleasurable.
and when an animal is reflective, like some men, it comes to think that it had the final situation in mind throughout; sometimes it comes to know what situation will bring satisfaction, so that in fact the discomfort does bring the thought of what will allay it.
nevertheless the sensation involving discomfort remains the prime mover.
this brings us to the question of the nature of discomfort and pleasure.
i do not myself believe that there is any value in this threefold division of the contents of mind.
as regards belief, i shall give grounds for this view in later lectures.
as regards desires, i have given some grounds in this lecture.
for the present, it is pleasure and discomfort that concern us.
there are broadly three theories that might be held in regard to them.
we may regard them as separate existing items in those who experience them, or we may regard them as intrinsic qualities of sensations and other mental occurrences, or we may regard them as mere names for the causal characteristics of the occurrences which are uncomfortable or pleasant.
the first of these theories, namely, that which regards discomfort and pleasure as actual contents in those who experience them, has, i think, nothing conclusive to be said in its favour.
but as these arguments are largely a reductio ad absurdum of other theories, among which that which i am advocating is not included, i cannot regard them as establishing their contention.
pain is a distinct sensory quality equivalent to heat and cold, and its intensity can be roughly graded according to the force expended in stimulation.
discomfort, on the other hand, is that feeling-tone which is directly opposed to pleasure.
it may accompany sensations not in themselves essentially painful; as for instance that produced by tickling the sole of the foot.
the reaction produced by repeated pricking contains both these elements; for it evokes that sensory quality known as pain, accompanied by a disagreeable feeling-tone, which we have called discomfort.
the confusion between discomfort and pain has made people regard discomfort as a more substantial thing than it is, and this in turn has reacted upon the view taken of pleasure, since discomfort and pleasure are evidently on a level in this respect.
as soon as discomfort is clearly distinguished from the sensation of pain, it becomes more natural to regard discomfort and pleasure as properties of mental occurrences than to regard them as separate mental occurrences on their own account.
i shall therefore dismiss the view that they are separate mental occurrences, and regard them as properties of such experiences as would be called respectively uncomfortable and pleasant.
it remains to be examined whether they are actual qualities of such occurrences, or are merely differences as to causal properties.
i do not myself see any way of deciding this question; either view seems equally capable of accounting for the facts.
if this is true, it is safer to avoid the assumption that there are such intrinsic qualities of mental occurrences as are in question, and to assume only the causal differences which are undeniable.
without condemning the intrinsic theory, we can define discomfort and pleasure as consisting in causal properties, and say only what will hold on either of the two theories.
as to the state of affairs that will bring quiescence with cessation of the discomfort.
if our theory of desire is correct, a belief as to its purpose may very well be erroneous, since only experience can show what causes a discomfort to cease.
when the experience needed is common and simple, as in the case of hunger, a mistake is not very probable.
erotic desire in those who have had little or no experience of its satisfaction--mistakes are to be expected, and do in fact very often occur.
the practice of inhibiting impulses, which is to a great extent necessary to civilized life, makes mistakes easier, by preventing experience of the actions to which a desire would otherwise lead, and by often causing the inhibited impulses themselves to be unnoticed or quickly forgotten.
but there is a further point which needs emphasizing, namely, that a belief that something is desired has often a tendency to cause the very desire that is believed in.
when we believe that we desire a certain state of affairs, that often tends to cause a real desire for it.
this is due partly to the influence of words upon our emotions, in rhetoric for example, and partly to the general fact that discomfort normally belongs to the belief that we desire such-and-such a thing that we do not possess.
thus what was originally a false opinion as to the object of a desire acquires a certain truth: the false opinion generates a secondary subsidiary desire, which nevertheless becomes real.
suppose you have been jilted in a way which wounds your vanity.
your natural impulsive desire will be of the sort expressed in donne's poem: when by thy scorn, o murderess, i am dead, in which he explains how he will haunt the poor lady as a ghost, and prevent her from enjoying a moment's peace.
but two things stand in the way of your expressing yourself so naturally: on the one hand, your vanity, which will not acknowledge how hard you are hit; on the other hand, your conviction that you are a civilized and humane person, who could not possibly indulge so crude a desire as revenge.
you will therefore experience a restlessness which will at first seem quite aimless, but will finally resolve itself in a conscious desire to change your profession, or go round the world, or conceal your identity and live in putney, like arnold bennett's hero.
although the prime cause of this desire is a false judgment as to your previous unconscious desire, yet the new conscious desire has its own derivative genuineness, and may influence your actions to the extent of sending you round the world.
the initial mistake, however, will have effects of two kinds.
first, in uncontrolled moments, under the influence of sleepiness or drink or delirium, you will say things calculated to injure the faithless deceiver.
secondly, you will find travel disappointing, and the east less fascinating than you had hoped--unless, some day, you hear that the wicked one has in turn been jilted.
if this happens, you will believe that you feel sincere sympathy, but you will suddenly be much more delighted than before with the beauties of tropical islands or the wonders of chinese art.
a secondary desire, derived from a false judgment as to a primary desire, has its own power of influencing action, and is therefore a real desire according to our definition.
but it has not the same power as a primary desire of bringing thorough satisfaction when it is realized; so long as the primary desire remains unsatisfied, restlessness continues in spite of the secondary desire's success.
hence arises a belief in the vanity of human wishes: the vain wishes are those that are secondary, but mistaken beliefs prevent us from realizing that they are secondary.
what may, with some propriety, be called self-deception arises through the operation of desires for beliefs.
we desire many things which it is not in our power to achieve: that we should be universally popular and admired, that our work should be the wonder of the age, and that the universe should be so ordered as to bring ultimate happiness to all, though not to our enemies until they have repented and been purified by suffering.
such desires are too large to be achieved through our own efforts.
but it is found that a considerable portion of the satisfaction which these things would bring us if they were realized is to be achieved by the much easier operation of believing that they are or will be realized.
this desire for beliefs, as opposed to desire for the actual facts, is a particular case of secondary desire, and, like all secondary desire its satisfaction does not lead to a complete cessation of the initial discomfort.
nevertheless, desire for beliefs, as opposed to desire for facts, is exceedingly potent both individually and socially.
according to the form of belief desired, it is called vanity, optimism, or religion.
those who have sufficient power usually imprison or put to death any one who tries to shake their faith in their own excellence or in that of the universe; it is for this reason that seditious libel and blasphemy have always been, and still are, criminal offences.
it is very largely through desires for beliefs that the primitive nature of desire has become so hidden, and that the part played by consciousness has been so confusing and so exaggerated.
we may now summarize our analysis of desire and feeling.
a mental occurrence of any kind--sensation, image, belief, or emotion--may be a cause of a series of actions, continuing, unless interrupted, until some more or less definite state of affairs is realized.
the degree of definiteness may vary greatly: hunger requires only food in general, whereas the sight of a particular piece of food raises a desire which requires the eating of that piece of food.
the actions constituting the cycle must not be purely mechanical, i.e.
they must be bodily movements in whose causation the special properties of nervous tissue are involved.
the cycle ends in a condition of quiescence, or of such action as tends only to preserve the status quo.
all primitive desire is unconscious, and in human beings beliefs as to the purposes of desires are often mistaken.
these mistaken beliefs generate secondary desires, which cause various interesting complications in the psychology of human desire, without fundamentally altering the character which it shares with animal desire.
the burn may have left no visible traces, yet it modifies the reaction of the child in the presence of fire.
it is customary to assume that, in such cases, the past operates by modifying the structure of the brain, not directly.
i have no wish to suggest that this hypothesis is false; i wish only to point out that it is a hypothesis.
at the end of the present lecture i shall examine the grounds in its favour.
if we confine ourselves to facts which have been actually observed, we must say that past occurrences, in addition to the present stimulus and the present ascertainable condition of the organism, enter into the causation of the response.
the characteristic is not wholly confined to living organisms.
for example, magnetized steel looks just like steel which has not been magnetized, but its behaviour is in some ways different.
in the case of dead matter, however, such phenomena are less frequent and important than in the case of living organisms, and it is far less difficult to invent satisfactory hypotheses as to the microscopic changes of structure which mediate between the past occurrence and the present changed response.
in the case of living organisms, practically everything that is distinctive both of their physical and of their mental behaviour is bound up with this persistent influence of the past.
further, speaking broadly, the change in response is usually of a kind that is biologically advantageous to the organism.
for example: you smell peat-smoke, and you recall some occasion when you smelt it before.
the cause of your recollection, so far as hitherto observable phenomena are concerned, consists both of the peat smoke (present stimulus) and of the former occasion (past experience).
the cause of your recollection must be both the peat-smoke and the past occurrence.
before going further, it will be well to give illustrations of different classes of mnemic phenomena.
a cat which is put into a cage of which it has had experience behaves differently from the way in which it behaved at first.
we can easily invent hypotheses, which are quite likely to be true, as to connections in the brain caused by past experience, and themselves causing the different response.
but the observable fact is that the stimulus of being in the cage produces differing results with repetition, and that the ascertainable cause of the cat's behaviour is not merely the cage and its own ascertainable organization, but also its past history in regard to the cage.
our habitual knowledge is not always in our minds, but is called up by the appropriate stimuli.
thus all our habitual knowledge consists of acquired habits, and comes under the head of mnemic phenomena.
when you hear new york spoken of, some image probably comes into your mind, either of the place itself (if you have been there), or of some picture of it (if you have not).
similarly, the images you have in dreams are all dependent upon your past experience, as well as upon the present stimulus to dreaming.
it is generally believed that all images, in their simpler parts, are copies of sensations; if so, their mnemic character is evident.
the smell of peat-smoke recalling a former scene is an instance which we discussed a moment ago.
there is also a more purely physical association, which is indistinguishable from physical habit.
this is the kind studied by mr. thorndike in animals, where a certain stimulus is associated with a certain act.
this is the sort which is taught to soldiers in drilling, for example.
in such a case there need not be anything mental, but merely a habit of the body.
there is no essential distinction between association and habit, and the observations which we made concerning habit as a mnemic phenomenon are equally applicable to association.
in learning to draw, it is necessary to acquire the art of representing things according to the sensation, not according to the perception.
and the visual appearance is filled out with feeling of what the object would be like to touch, and so on.
it may happen that, in the particular case, the real correlates are unusual; for example, if what we are seeing is a carpet made to look like tiles.
if so, the non-sensational part of our perception will be illusory, i.e.
it will supply qualities which the object in question does not in fact have.
but as a rule objects do have the qualities added by perception, which is to be expected, since experience of what is usual is the cause of the addition.
if our experience had been different, we should not fill out sensation in the same way, except in so far as the filling out is instinctive, not acquired.
it would seem that, in man, all that makes up space perception, including the correlation of sight and touch and so on, is almost entirely acquired.
in that case there is a large mnemic element in all the common perceptions by means of which we handle common objects.
and, to take another kind of instance, imagine what our astonishment would be if we were to hear a cat bark or a dog mew.
this emotion would be dependent upon past experience, and would therefore be a mnemic phenomenon according to the definition.
from time to time we remember things that have happened to us, because something in the present reminds us of them.
exactly the same present fact would not call up the same memory if our past experience had been different.
it is therefore a mnemic phenomenon according to our definition.
the point of the definition is not that it includes memory, but that it includes it as one of a class of phenomena which embrace all that is characteristic in the subject matter of psychology.
james, as we saw, uses it to cover the whole primal stuff of the world, but this usage seems objection able, since, in a purely physical world, things would happen without there being any experience.
it is only mnemic phenomena that embody experience.
when it is the mnemic portion of the cause of future occurrences in the animal's life.
we might, in fact, define one chain of experience, or one biography, as a series of occurrences linked by mnemic causation.
i think it is this characteristic, more than any other, that distinguishes sciences dealing with living organisms from physics.
the best writer on mnemic phenomena known to me is richard semon, the fundamental part of whose theory i shall endeavour to summarize before going further: when an organism, either animal or plant, is subjected to a stimulus, producing in it some state of excitement, the removal of the stimulus allows it to return to a condition of equilibrium.
but the new state of equilibrium is different from the old, as may be seen by the changed capacity for reaction.
when two stimuli occur together, one of them, occurring afterwards, may call out the reaction for the other also.
all simultaneously generated engrams are associated; there is also association of successively aroused engrams, though this is reducible to simultaneous association.
in fact, it is not an isolated stimulus that leaves an engram, but the totality of the stimuli at any moment; consequently any portion of this totality tends, if it recurs, to arouse the whole reaction which was aroused before.
semon holds that engrams can be inherited, and that an animal's innate habits may be due to the experience of its ancestors; on this subject he refers to samuel butler.
these two laws together represent in part a hypothesis (the engram), and in part an observable fact.
the observable fact is that, when a certain complex of stimuli has originally caused a certain complex of reactions, the recurrence of part of the stimuli tends to cause the recurrence of the whole of the reactions.
semon's applications of his fundamental ideas in various directions are interesting and ingenious.
some of them will concern us later, but for the present it is the fundamental character of mnemic phenomena that is in question.
it is, in fact, hypothetical, invoked for theoretical uses, and not an outcome of direct observation.
no doubt physiology, especially the disturbances of memory through lesions in the brain, affords grounds for this hypothesis; nevertheless it does remain a hypothesis, the validity of which will be discussed at the end of this lecture.
i am inclined to think that, in the present state of physiology, the introduction of the engram does not serve to simplify the account of mnemic phenomena.
by this i mean that kind of causation of which i spoke at the beginning of this lecture, that kind, namely, in which the proximate cause consists not merely of a present event, but of this together with a past event.
i do not wish to urge that this form of causation is ultimate, but that, in the present state of our knowledge, it affords a simplification, and enables us to state laws of behaviour in less hypothetical terms than we should otherwise have to employ.
the clearest instance of what i mean is recollection of a past event.
what we observe is that certain present stimuli lead us to recollect certain occurrences, but that at times when we are not recollecting them, there is nothing discoverable in our minds that could be called memory of them.
if, then, there is to be some standing difference between the person who can remember a certain fact and the person who cannot, that standing difference must be, not in anything mental, but in the brain.
it is quite probable that there is such a difference in the brain, but its nature is unknown and it remains hypothetical.
everything that has, so far, been made matter of observation as regards this question can be put together in the statement: when a certain complex of sensations has occurred to a man, the recurrence of part of the complex tends to arouse the recollection of the whole.
in like manner, we can collect all mnemic phenomena in living organisms under a single law, which contains what is hitherto verifiable in semon's two laws.
this law would need to be supplemented by some account of the influence of frequency, and so on; but it seems to contain the essential characteristic of mnemic phenomena, without admixture of anything hypothetical.
none of these sequences are theoretically invariable, since something may intervene to disturb them.
in order to obtain invariable physical laws, we have to proceed to differential equations, showing the direction of change at each moment, not the integral change after a finite interval, however short.
but for the purposes of daily life many sequences are to all in tents and purposes invariable.
with the behaviour of human beings, however, this is by no means the case.
the effect of words upon the hearer is a mnemic phenomena, since it depends upon the past experience which gave him understanding of the words.
for it cannot be successfully maintained that our understanding of a word, for example, is an actual existent content of the mind at times when we are not thinking of the word.
it is capable of being aroused whenever we hear the word or happen to think of it.
all cases in which experience influences behaviour are instances of mnemic causation.
believers in psycho-physical parallelism hold that psychology can theoretically be freed entirely from all dependence on physiology or physics.
that is to say, they believe that every psychical event has a psychical cause and a physical concomitant.
if there is to be parallelism, it is easy to prove by mathematical logic that the causation in physical and psychical matters must be of the same sort, and it is impossible that mnemic causation should exist in psychology but not in physics.
but if psychology is to be independent of physiology, and if physiology can be reduced to physics, it would seem that mnemic causation is essential in psychology.
otherwise we shall be compelled to believe that all our knowledge, all our store of images and memories, all our mental habits, are at all times existing in some latent mental form, and are not merely aroused by the stimuli which lead to their display.
it seems to me that if, as a matter of method rather than metaphysics, we desire to obtain as much independence for psychology as is practically feasible, we shall do better to accept mnemic causation in psychology protem, and therefore reject parallelism, since there is no good ground for admitting mnemic causation in physics.
it is perhaps worth while to observe that mnemic causation is what led bergson to deny that there is causation at all in the psychical sphere.
it is only necessary, however, to take account of past occurrences and include them with the cause, in order to re-establish the maxim, and the possibility of psychological causal laws.
to ask why such-and-such a kind of sequence occurs is either to ask a meaningless question, or to demand some more general kind of sequence which includes the one in question.
there is therefore no a priori objection to a causal law in which part of the cause has ceased to exist.
to argue against such a law on the ground that what is past cannot operate now, is to introduce the old metaphysical notion of cause, for which science can find no place.
the only reason that could be validly alleged against mnemic causation would be that, in fact, all the phenomena can be explained without it.
but they are not explained, unless with extreme artificiality, by any theory which regards the latent effects of experience as psychical rather than physical.
those who desire to make psychology as far as possible independent of physiology would do well, it seems to me, if they adopted mnemic causation.
one of the first points to be urged is that mnemic phenomena are just as much to be found in physiology as in psychology.
they are even to be found in plants, as sir francis darwin pointed out (cf.
habit is a characteristic of the body at least as much as of the mind.
we should, therefore, be compelled to allow the intrusion of mnemic causation, if admitted at all, into non-psychological regions, which ought, one feels, to be subject only to causation of the ordinary physical sort.
the fact is that a great deal of what, at first sight, distinguishes psychology from physics is found, on examination, to be common to psychology and physiology; this whole question of the influence of experience is a case in point.
now it is possible, of course, to take the view advocated by professor j. s. haldane, who contends that physiology is not theoretically reducible to physics and chemistry.
* but the weight of opinion among physiologists appears to be against him on this point; and we ought certainly to require very strong evidence before admitting any such breach of continuity as between living and dead matter.
the argument from the existence of mnemic phenomena in physiology must therefore be allowed a certain weight against the hypothesis that mnemic causation is ultimate.
the argument from the connection of brain-lesions with loss of memory is not so strong as it looks, though it has also, some weight.
what we know is that memory, and mnemic phenomena generally, can be disturbed or destroyed by changes in the brain.
this certainly proves that the brain plays an essential part in the causation of memory, but does not prove that a certain state of the brain is, by itself, a sufficient condition for the existence of memory.
yet it is this last that has to be proved.
the theory of the engram, or any similar theory, has to maintain that, given a body and brain in a suitable state, a man will have a certain memory, without the need of any further conditions.
what is known, however, is only that he will not have memories if his body and brain are not in a suitable state.
that is to say, the appropriate state of body and brain is proved to be necessary for memory, but not to be sufficient.
so far, therefore, as our definite knowledge goes, memory may require for its causation a past occurrence as well as a certain present state of the brain.
in order to prove conclusively that mnemic phenomena arise whenever certain physiological conditions are fulfilled, we ought to be able actually to see differences between the brain of a man who speaks english and that of a man who speaks french, between the brain of a man who has seen new york and can recall it, and that of a man who has never seen that city.
it may be that the time will come when this will be possible, but at present we are very far removed from it.
at present, there is, so far as i am aware, no good evidence that every difference between the knowledge possessed by a and that possessed by b is paralleled by some difference in their brains.
we may believe that this is the case, but if we do, our belief is based upon analogies and general scientific maxims, not upon any foundation of detailed observation.
i am myself inclined, as a working hypothesis, to adopt the belief in question, and to hold that past experience only affects present behaviour through modifications of physiological structure.
but the evidence seems not quite conclusive, so that i do not think we ought to forget the other hypothesis, or to reject entirely the possibility that mnemic causation may be the ultimate explanation of mnemic phenomena.
the second point is illustrated by the old discussion as to whether it can be said that day causes night, on the ground that day is always followed by night.
the orthodox answer was that day could not be called the cause of night, because it would not be followed by night if the earth's rotation were to cease, or rather to grow so slow that one complete rotation would take a year.
a cause, it was held, must be such that under no conceivable circumstances could it fail to be followed by its effect.
as a matter of fact, such sequences as were sought by believers in the traditional form of causation have not so far been found in nature.
if this event is to cause another event, the two will have to be contiguous in time; for if there is any interval between them, something may happen during that interval to prevent the expected effect.
cause and effect, therefore, will have to be temporally contiguous processes.
it is difficult to believe, at any rate where physical laws are concerned, that the earlier part of the process which is the cause can make any difference to the effect, so long as the later part of the process which is the cause remains unchanged.
suppose, for example, that a man dies of arsenic poisoning, we say that his taking arsenic was the cause of death.
but clearly the process by which he acquired the arsenic is irrelevant: everything that happened before he swallowed it may be ignored, since it cannot alter the effect except in so far as it alters his condition at the moment of taking the dose.
but we may go further: swallowing arsenic is not really the proximate cause of death, since a man might be shot through the head immediately after taking the dose, and then it would not be of arsenic that he would die.
the arsenic produces certain physiological changes, which take a finite time before they end in death.
the earlier parts of these changes can be ruled out in the same way as we can rule out the process by which the arsenic was acquired.
proceeding in this way, we can shorten the process which we are calling the cause more and more.
similarly we shall have to shorten the effect.
it may happen that immediately after the man's death his body is blown to pieces by a bomb.
we cannot say what will happen after the man's death, through merely knowing that he has died as the result of arsenic poisoning.
thus, if we are to take the cause as one event and the effect as another, both must be shortened indefinitely.
the result is that we merely have, as the embodiment of our causal law, a certain direction of change at each moment.
hence we are brought to differential equations as embodying causal laws.
it tells us how the particle's motion is changing at each moment, not where the particle will be at some future moment.
* the theory of quanta suggests that the continuity is only apparent.
if so, we shall be able theoretically to reach events which are not processes.
but in what is directly observable there is still apparent continuity, which justifies the above remarks for the prevent.
laws embodied in differential equations may possibly be exact, but cannot be known to be so.
all that we can know empirically is approximate and liable to exceptions; the exact laws that are assumed in physics are known to be somewhere near the truth, but are not known to be true just as they stand.
the laws that we actually know empirically have the form of the traditional causal laws, except that they are not to be regarded as universal or necessary.
as against the professedly exact laws of physics, such empirical generalizations have the advantage that they deal with observable phenomena.
we cannot observe infinitesimals, whether in time or space; we do not even know whether time and space are infinitely divisible.
therefore rough empirical generalizations have a definite place in science, in spite of not being exact of universal.
this is the nearest approach that can be made to a causal law of the traditional sort.
there is another point, besides lack of universality and necessity, which it is important to realize as regards causes in the above sense, and that is the lack of uniqueness.
but in fact we cannot find any antecedent that we know to be quite invariable, and we can find many that are nearly so.
for example, men leave a factory for dinner when the hooter sounds at twelve o'clock.
but innumerable other hooters in other factories, which also always sound at twelve o'clock, have just as good a right to be called the cause.
thus every event has many nearly invariable antecedents, and therefore many antecedents which may be called its cause.
the laws of traditional physics, in the form in which they deal with movements of matter or electricity, have an apparent simplicity which somewhat conceals the empirical character of what they assert.
a piece of matter, as it is known empirically, is not a single existing thing, but a system of existing things.
but why should we suppose that there is some one common cause of all these appearances?
instead of looking for an impartial source, we can secure neutrality by the equal representation of all parties.
(this is a first approximation, modified later.)
the answer is simple: just as they would be if there were such a single existent.
when different people see what they call the same table, they see things which are not exactly the same, owing to difference of point of view, but which are sufficiently alike to be described in the same words, so long as no great accuracy or minuteness is sought.
these closely similar particulars are collected together by their similarity primarily and, more correctly, by the fact that they are related to each other approximately according to the laws of perspective and of reflection and diffraction of light.
in order to eliminate the reference to our perceptions, which introduces an irrelevant psychological suggestion, i will take a different illustration, namely, stellar photography.
a photographic plate exposed on a clear night reproduces the appearance of the portion of the sky concerned, with more or fewer stars according to the power of the telescope that is being used.
each separate star which is photographed produces its separate effect on the plate, just as it would upon ourselves if we were looking at the sky.
in the days when the aether was less in doubt, we should have said that what was happening was a certain kind of transverse vibration in the aether.
it must be something specially connected with that star, since that star produces its own special effect upon the plate.
whatever it is must be the end of a process which starts from the star and radiates outwards, partly on general grounds of continuity, partly to account for the fact that light is transmitted with a certain definite velocity.
we thus arrive at the conclusion that, if a certain star is visible at a certain place, or could be photographed by a sufficiently sensitive plate at that place, something is happening there which is specially connected with that star.
therefore in every place at all times a vast multitude of things must be happening, namely, at least one for every physical object which can be seen or photographed from that place.
like the different appearances of the table to a number of simultaneous observers, the different particulars that belong to one physical object are to be collected together by continuity and inherent laws of correlation, not by their supposed causal connection with an unknown assumed existent called a piece of matter, which would be a mere unnecessary metaphysical thing in itself.
a piece of matter, according to the definition that i propose, is, as a first approximation,* the collection of all those correlated particulars which would normally be regarded as its appearances or effects in different places.
some further elaborations are desirable, but we can ignore them for the present.
i shall return to them at the end of this lecture.
*the exact definition of a piece of matter as a construction will be given later.
according to the view that i am suggesting, a physical object or piece of matter is the collection of all those correlated particulars which would be regarded by common sense as its effects or appearances in different places.
on the other hand, all the happenings in a given place represent what common sense would regard as the appearances of a number of different objects as viewed from that place.
all the happenings in one place may be regarded as the view of the world from that place.
on the other hand, if photographs of the stars were taken in all points throughout space, and in all such photographs a certain star, say sirius, were picked out whenever it appeared, all the different appearances of sirius, taken together, would represent sirius.
when the appearance of an object in a given place changes, it is found that one or other of two things occurs.
the two possibilities may be illustrated by an example.
you are in a room with a man, whom you see: you may cease to see him either by shutting your eyes or by his going out of the room.
in the first case, his appearance to other people remains unchanged; in the second, his appearance changes from all places.
in the first case, you say that it is not he who has changed, but your eyes; in the second, you say that he has changed.
in the first case, the change is attributed to the medium between the object and the place; in the second, it is attributed to the object itself.
* * the application of this distinction to motion raises complications due to relativity, but we may ignore these for our present purposes.
it is the frequency of the latter kind of change, and the comparatively simple nature of the laws governing the simultaneous alterations of appearances in such cases, that have made it possible to treat a physical object as one thing, and to overlook the fact that it is a system of particulars.
when a number of people at a theatre watch an actor, the changes in their several perspectives are so similar and so closely correlated that all are popularly regarded as identical with each other and with the changes of the actor himself.
so long as all the changes in the appearances of a body are thus correlated there is no pressing prima facie need to break up the system of appearances, or to realize that the body in question is not really one thing but a set of correlated particulars.
it is especially and primarily such changes that physics deals with, i.e.
it deals primarily with processes in which the unity of a physical object need not be broken up because all its appearances change simultaneously according to the same law--or, if not all, at any rate all from places sufficiently near to the object, with in creasing accuracy as we approach the object.
the changes in appearances of an object which are due to changes in the intervening medium will not affect, or will affect only very slightly, the appearances from places close to the object.
if the appearances from sufficiently neighbouring places are either wholly un changed, or changed to a diminishing extent which has zero for its limit, it is usually found that the changes can be accounted for by changes in objects which are between the object in question and the places from which its appearance has changed appreciably.
thus physics is able to reduce the laws of most changes with which it deals to changes in physical objects, and to state most of its fundamental laws in terms of matter.
it is only in those cases in which the unity of the system of appearances constituting a piece of matter has to be broken up, that the statement of what is happening cannot be made exclusively in terms of matter.
the whole of psychology, we shall find, is included among such cases; hence their importance for our purposes.
we can now begin to understand one of the fundamental differences between physics and psychology.
physics treats as a unit the whole system of appearances of a piece of matter, whereas psychology is interested in certain of these appearances themselves.
confining ourselves for the moment to the psychology of perceptions, we observe that perceptions are certain of the appearances of physical objects.
from the point of view that we have been hitherto adopting, we might define them as the appearances of objects at places from which sense-organs and the suitable parts of the nervous system form part of the intervening medium.
just as a photographic plate receives a different impression of a cluster of stars when a telescope is part of the intervening medium, so a brain receives a different impression when an eye and an optic nerve are part of the intervening medium.
an impression due to this sort of intervening medium is called a perception, and is interesting to psychology on its own account, not merely as one of the set of correlated particulars which is the physical object of which (as we say) we are having a perception.
we spoke earlier of two ways of classifying particulars.
one way collects together the appearances commonly regarded as a given object from different places; this is, broadly speaking, the way of physics, leading to the construction of physical objects as sets of such appearances.
the other way collects together the appearances of different objects from a given place, the result being what we call a perspective.
in the particular case where the place concerned is a human brain, the perspective belonging to the place consists of all the perceptions of a certain man at a given time.
thus classification by perspectives is relevant to psychology, and is essential in defining what we mean by one mind.
i do not wish to suggest that the way in which i have been defining perceptions is the only possible way, or even the best way.
it is the way that arose naturally out of our present topic.
but when we approach psychology from a more introspective standpoint, we have to distinguish sensations and perceptions, if possible, from other mental occurrences, if any.
we have also to consider the psychological effects of sensations, as opposed to their physical causes and correlates.
these problems are quite distinct from those with which we have been concerned in the present lecture, and i shall not deal with them until a later stage.
it is clear that psychology is concerned essentially with actual particulars, not merely with systems of particulars.
in this it differs from physics, which, broadly speaking, is concerned with the cases in which all the particulars which make up one physical object can be treated as a single causal unit, or rather the particulars which are sufficiently near to the object of which they are appearances can be so treated.
the laws which physics seeks can, broadly speaking, be stated by treating such systems of particulars as causal units.
the laws which psychology seeks cannot be so stated, since the particulars themselves are what interests the psychologist.
this is one of the fundamental differences between physics and psychology; and to make it clear has been the main purpose of this lecture.
i will conclude with an attempt to give a more precise definition of a piece of matter.
the appearances of a piece of matter from different places change partly according to intrinsic laws (the laws of perspective, in the case of visual shape), partly according to the nature of the intervening medium--fog, blue spectacles, telescopes, microscopes, sense-organs, etc.
as we approach nearer to the object, the effect of the intervening medium grows less.
given any appearance of an object, we can construct hypothetically a certain system of appearances to which the appearance in question would belong if the laws of perspective alone were concerned.
if we construct this hypothetical system for each appearance of the object in turn, the system corresponding to a given appearance x will be independent of any distortion due to the medium beyond x, and will only embody such distortion as is due to the medium between x and the object.
thus, as the appearance by which our hypothetical system is defined is moved nearer and nearer to the object, the hypothetical system of appearances defined by its means embodies less and less of the effect of the medium.
the different sets of appearances resulting from moving x nearer and nearer to the object will approach to a limiting set, and this limiting set will be that system of appearances which the object would present if the laws of perspective alone were operative and the medium exercised no distorting effect.
this limiting set of appearances may be defined, for purposes of physics, as the piece of matter concerned.
in the preceding lecture i dealt in outline with the physical side of this problem.
i attempted to show that what we call a material object is not itself a substance, but is a system of particulars analogous in their nature to sensations, and in fact often including actual sensations among their number.
in this way the stuff of which physical objects are composed is brought into relation with the stuff of which part, at least, of our mental life is composed.
there is, however, a converse task which is equally necessary for our thesis, and that is, to show that the stuff of our mental life is devoid of many qualities which it is commonly supposed to have, and is not possessed of any attributes which make it incapable of forming part of the world of matter.
in the present lecture i shall begin the arguments for this view.
corresponding to the supposed duality of matter and mind, there are, in orthodox psychology, two ways of knowing what exists.
to common sense, this distinction seems clear and easy.
when you see a friend coming along the street, you acquire knowledge of an external, physical fact; when you realize that you are glad to meet him, you acquire knowledge of a mental fact.
it is this supposed method of acquiring knowledge of our mental processes that i wish to analyse and examine in this lecture.
i will state at the outset the view which i shall aim at establishing.
i believe that the stuff of our mental life, as opposed to its relations and structure, consists wholly of sensations and images.
sensations are connected with matter in the way that i tried to explain in lecture v, i.e.
each is a member of a system which is a certain physical object.
images, as opposed to sensations, can only be defined by their different causation: they are caused by association with a sensation, not by a stimulus external to the nervous system--or perhaps one should say external to the brain, where the higher animals are concerned.
the occurrence of a sensation or image does not in itself constitute knowledge but any sensation or image may come to be known if the conditions are suitable.
when a sensation--like the hearing of a clap of thunder--is normally correlated with closely similar sensations in our neighbours, we regard it as giving knowledge of the external world, since we regard the whole set of similar sensations as due to a common external cause.
but images and bodily sensations are not so correlated.
bodily sensations can be brought into a correlation by physiology, and thus take their place ultimately among sources of knowledge of the physical world.
but images cannot be made to fit in with the simultaneous sensations and images of others.
apart from their hypothetical causes in the brain, they have a causal connection with physical objects, through the fact that they are copies of past sensations; but the physical objects with which they are thus connected are in the past, not in the present.
these images remain private in a sense in which sensations are not.
thus the whole context of the two occurrences is different.
but in themselves they do not differ profoundly, and there is no reason to invoke two different ways of knowing for the one and for the other.
consequently introspection as a separate kind of knowledge disappears.
the criticism of introspection has been in the main the work of american psychologists.
after a few historical quotations, he comes to two modern defenders of introspection, stout and james.
this is to be true even when we are thinking about modifications of our own consciousness; such modifications are to be always at least partially distinct from the conscious experience in which we think of them.
at this point i wish to interrupt the account of knight dunlap's article in order to make some observations on my own account with reference to the above quotations from stout.
this analysis i shall give in later lectures as regards cognition; i have already given it as regards desire.
in this view a single cognitive occurrence contains both content and object, the content being essentially mental, while the object is physical except in introspection and abstract thought.
this question of the nature of the object also affects the view we take of self-consciousness.
but if the relation to the object is inferential and external, as i maintain, the difference between two thoughts may bear very little relation to the difference between their objects.
all these, it seems to me, need to be clearly separated.
i might illustrate it by the relation of uncle and nephew a man becomes an uncle through no effort of his own, merely through an occurrence elsewhere.
after these preliminaries, we can return to knight dunlap's article.
the objections to any theory which brings in the single observer were considered in lecture i, and were acknowledged to be cogent.
in so far, therefore, as stout's theory of introspection rests upon this assumption, we are compelled to reject it.
but it is perfectly possible to believe in introspection without supposing that there is a single observer.
william james's theory of introspection, which dunlap next examines, does not assume a single observer.
the difference between james's scheme and other schemes involving the same terms is that james considers subject and object to be the same thing, but at different times in order to satisfy this requirement james supposes a realm of existence which he at first called 'states of consciousness' or 'thoughts,' and later, 'pure experience,' the latter term including both the 'thoughts' and the 'knowing.'
in this statement, to my mind, dunlap concedes far more than james did in his later theory.
the first of these points must wait until we come to the analysis of belief: the second must be considered now.
dunlap's view is that there is a dualism of subject and object, but that the subject can never become object, and therefore there is no awareness of an awareness.
the allegation that the knowing is observed is that which may be denied.
but the paradox cannot be so lightly disposed of.
the argument against him is not conclusive, since he may be able to show some valid way of inferring our awareness.
there is nothing odd in the hypothesis of beings which are aware of objects, but not of their own awareness; it is, indeed, highly probable that young children and the higher animals are such beings.
we have, therefore, some knowledge which they lack.
it is necessary to knight dunlap's position to maintain that this additional knowledge is purely inferential, but he makes no attempt to show how the inference is possible.
it may, of course, be possible, but i cannot see how.
dunlap asserts (to return to james) that the real ground for james's original belief in introspection was his belief in two sorts of objects, namely, thoughts and things.
he suggests that it was a mere inconsistency on james's part to adhere to introspection after abandoning the dualism of thoughts and things.
i do not wholly agree with this view, but it is difficult to disentangle the difference as to introspection from the difference as to the nature of knowing.
this view, in essence, seems to me sound.
but then i hold that knowing itself consists of such constituents suitably related, and that in being aware of them we are sometimes being aware of instances of knowing.
for this reason, much as i agree with his view as to what are the objects of which there is awareness, i cannot wholly agree with his conclusion as to the impossibility of introspection.
the behaviourists have challenged introspection even more vigorously than knight dunlap, and have gone so far as to deny the existence of images.
but i think that they have confused various things which are very commonly confused, and that it is necessary to make several distinctions before we can arrive at what is true and what false in the criticism of introspection.
i wish to distinguish three distinct questions, any one of which may be meant when we ask whether introspection is a source of knowledge.
any one of these three questions may be used to define introspection.
i should favour introspection in the sense of the first question, i.e.
i think that some of the things we observe cannot, even theoretically, be observed by any one else.
the second question, tentatively and for the present, i should answer in favour of introspection; i think that images, in the actual condition of science, cannot be brought under the causal laws of physics, though perhaps ultimately they may be.
the third question i should answer adversely to introspection i think that observation shows us nothing that is not composed of sensations and images, and that images differ from sensations in their causal laws, not intrinsically.
i shall deal with the three questions successively.
confining ourselves, for the moment, to sensations, we find that there are different degrees of publicity attaching to different sorts of sensations.
if you feel a toothache when the other people in the room do not, you are in no way surprised; but if you hear a clap of thunder when they do not, you begin to be alarmed as to your mental condition.
sight and hearing are the most public of the senses; smell only a trifle less so; touch, again, a trifle less, since two people can only touch the same spot successively, not simultaneously.
taste has a sort of semi-publicity, since people seem to experience similar taste-sensations when they eat similar foods; but the publicity is incomplete, since two people cannot eat actually the same piece of food.
but when we pass on to bodily sensations--headache, toothache, hunger, thirst, the feeling of fatigue, and so on--we get quite away from publicity, into a region where other people can tell us what they feel, but we cannot directly observe their feeling.
as a natural result of this state of affairs, it has come to be thought that the public senses give us knowledge of the outer world, while the private senses only give us knowledge as to our own bodies.
as regards privacy, all images, of whatever sort, belong with the sensations which only give knowledge of our own bodies, i.e.
each is only observable by one observer.
this is the reason why images of sight and hearing are more obviously different from sensations of sight and hearing than images of bodily sensations are from bodily sensations; and that is why the argument in favour of images is more conclusive in such cases as sight and hearing than in such cases as inner speech.
the whole distinction of privacy and publicity, however, so long as we confine ourselves to sensations, is one of degree, not of kind.
no two people, there is good empirical reason to think, ever have exactly similar sensations related to the same physical object at the same moment; on the other hand, even the most private sensation has correlations which would theoretically enable another observer to infer it.
that no sensation is ever completely public, results from differences of point of view.
two people looking at the same table do not get the same sensation, because of perspective and the way the light falls.
two people listening to the same sound do not hear exactly the same thing, because one is nearer to the source of the sound than the other, one has better hearing than the other, and so on.
the sensations which strike us as public are those where the correlated sensations are very similar and the correlations are very easy to discover.
but even the most private sensations have correlations with things that others can observe.
the dentist does not observe your ache, but he can see the cavity which causes it, and could guess that you are suffering even if you did not tell him.
this fact, however, cannot be used, as watson would apparently wish, to extrude from science observations which are private to one observer, since it is by means of many such observations that correlations are established, e.g.
privacy, therefore does not by itself make a datum unamenable to scientific treatment.
on this point, the argument against introspection must be rejected.
we come now to the second ground of objection to introspection, namely, that its data do not obey the laws of physics.
this, though less emphasized, is, i think, an objection which is really more strongly felt than the objection of privacy.
and we obtain a definition of introspection more in harmony with usage if we define it as observation of data not subject to physical laws than if we define it by means of privacy.
no one would regard a man as introspective because he was conscious of having a stomach ache.
opponents of introspection do not mean to deny the obvious fact that we can observe bodily sensations which others cannot observe.
for example, knight dunlap contends that images are really muscular contractions,* and evidently regards our awareness of muscular contractions as not coming under the head of introspection.
if you have a visual image of your friend sitting in a chair which in fact is empty, you cannot locate the image in your body, because it is visual, nor (as a physical phenomenon) in the chair, because the chair, as a physical object, is empty.
thus it seems to follow that the physical world does not include all that we are aware of, and that images, which are introspective data, have to be regarded, for the present, as not obeying the laws of physics; this is, i think, one of the chief reasons why an attempt is made to reject them.
but we cannot be nearly so certain that they will not ultimately be brought under the laws of physics.
even if this should happen, however, they would still be distinguishable from sensations by their proximate causal laws, as gases remain distinguishable from solids.
we come now to our third question concerning introspection.
it is commonly thought that by looking within we can observe all sorts of things that are radically different from the constituents of the physical world, e.g.
thoughts, beliefs, desires, pleasures, pains and emotions.
the difference between mind and matter is increased partly by emphasizing these supposed introspective data, partly by the supposition that matter is composed of atoms or electrons or whatever units physics may at the moment prefer.
as against this latter supposition, i contend that the ultimate constituents of matter are not atoms or electrons, but sensations, and other things similar to sensations as regards extent and duration.
as against the view that introspection reveals a mental world radically different from sensations, i propose to argue that thoughts, beliefs, desires, pleasures, pains and emotions are all built up out of sensations and images alone, and that there is reason to think that images do not differ from sensations in their intrinsic character.
we thus effect a mutual rapprochement of mind and matter, and reduce the ultimate data of introspection (in our second sense) to images alone.
on this third view of the meaning of introspection, therefore, our decision is wholly against it.
there remain two points to be considered concerning introspection.
to begin with the trustworthiness of introspection.
there seems no reason whatever to accept this view.
our spontaneous, unsophisticated beliefs, whether as to ourselves or as to the outer world, are always extremely rash and very liable to error.
the acquisition of caution is equally necessary and equally difficult in both directions.
not only are we often un aware of entertaining a belief or desire which exists in us; we are often actually mistaken.
the fallibility of introspection as regards what we desire is made evident by psycho-analysis; its fallibility as to what we know is easily demonstrated.
an autobiography, when confronted by a careful editor with documentary evidence, is usually found to be full of obviously inadvertent errors.
any of us confronted by a forgotten letter written some years ago will be astonished to find how much more foolish our opinions were than we had remembered them as being.
and as to the analysis of our mental operations--believing, desiring, willing, or what not--introspection unaided gives very little help: it is necessary to construct hypotheses and test them by their consequences, just as we do in physical science.
i come now to our second question: does introspection give us materials for the knowledge of relations other than those arrived at by reflecting upon external perception?
therefore, until they have been analysed, our present question must remain unanswered i shall return to it at the end of the present course of lectures.
before we can define either sensations or images, it is necessary to consider this twofold classification in somewhat greater detail, and to derive from it a definition of perception.
it should be said that, in so far as the classification assumes the whole world of physics (including its unperceived portions), it contains hypothetical elements.
but we will not linger on the grounds for admitting these, which belong to the philosophy of physics rather than of psychology.
given any one particular, it is found often (we do not say always) that there are a number of other particulars differing from this one in gradually increasing degrees.
this approximation grows more and more nearly exact as the difference grows less; in technical language, the laws of perspective account for the differences to the first order of small quantities, and other laws are only required to account for second-order differences.
that is to say, as the difference diminishes, the part of the difference which is not according to the laws of perspective diminishes much more rapidly, and bears to the total difference a ratio which tends towards zero as both are made smaller and smaller.
if the laws of perspective were sufficiently known, the connection between different aspects would be expressed in differential equations.
this gives us, so far, only those particulars which constitute one thing at one time.
these give the laws governing the changes of aspects from one time to a slightly later time, with the same sort of differential approximation to exactness as we obtained for spatially neighbouring aspects through the laws of perspective.
thus a momentary thing is a set of particulars, while a thing (which may be identified with the whole history of the thing) is a series of such sets of particulars.
the particulars in one set are collected together by the laws of perspective; the successive sets are collected together by the laws of dynamics.
this is the view of the world which is appropriate to traditional physics.
there are complications connected with relativity, but for our present purpose they are not vital, and i shall ignore them.
instead of first collecting together all the particulars constituting a momentary thing, and then forming the series of successive sets, we might have first collected together a series of successive aspects related by the laws of dynamics, and then have formed the set of such series related by the laws of perspective.
to illustrate by the case of an actor on the stage: our first plan was to collect together all the aspects which he presents to different spectators at one time, and then to form the series of such sets.
our second plan is first to collect together all the aspects which he presents successively to a given spectator, and then to do the same thing for the other spectators, thus forming a set of series instead of a series of sets.
the first plan tells us what he does; the second the impressions he produces.
this second way of classifying particulars is one which obviously has more relevance to psychology than the other.
this method of classification is also essential to the definition of sensations and images, as i shall endeavour to prove later on.
but we must first amplify the definition of perspectives and biographies.
in our illustration of the actor, we spoke, for the moment, as though each spectator's mind were wholly occupied by the one actor.
if this were the case, it might be possible to define the biography of one spectator as a series of successive aspects of the actor related according to the laws of dynamics.
we are at all times during our waking life receiving a variety of impressions, which are aspects of a variety of things.
we have to consider what binds together two simultaneous sensations in one person, or, more generally, any two occurrences which forte part of one experience.
we might say, adhering to the standpoint of physics, that two aspects of different things belong to the same perspective when they are in the same place.
i do not feel sure whether it is possible to frame such a definition or not; accordingly i shall not assume that it is possible, but shall seek other characteristics by which a perspective or biography may be defined.
when (for example) we see one man and hear another speaking at the same time, what we see and what we hear have a relation which we can perceive, which makes the two together form, in some sense, one experience.
it is when this relation exists that two occurrences become associated.
it might be said that at any moment all sorts of things that are not part of my experience are happening in the world, and that therefore the relation we are seeking to define cannot be merely simultaneity.
this, however, would be an error--the sort of error that the theory of relativity avoids.
there is not one universal time, except by an elaborate construction; there are only local times, each of which may be taken to be the time within one biography.
accordingly, if i am (say) hearing a sound, the only occurrences that are, in any simple sense, simultaneous with my sensation are events in my private world, i.e.
moreover, the very same definitions can be applied to particulars which are not sensations.
such time-relations as can be constructed between events in different biographies are of a different kind: they are not experienced, and are merely logical, being designed to afford convenient ways of stating the correlations between different biographies.
it is not only by time-relations that the parts of one biography are collected together in the case of living beings.
i have already dwelt upon the importance of mnemic phenomena for psychology, and shall not enlarge upon them now, beyond observing that they are what transforms a biography (in our technical sense) into a life.
but there is no reason to suppose that mnemic phenomena are associated with biographies except in the case of animals and plants.
our two-fold classification of particulars gives rise to the dualism of body and biography in regard to everything in the universe, and not only in regard to living things.
each of these is associated with a place.
my sensation of the star is associated with the place where i am and with the place where the star is.
we may call the two places the active and passive places respectively.
* thus in the case of a perception or photograph of a star, the active place is the place where the star is, while the passive place is the place where the percipient or photographic plate is.
we can thus, without departing from physics, collect together all the particulars actively at a given place, or all the particulars passively at a given place.
in our own case, the one group is our body (or our brain), while the other is our mind, in so far as it consists of perceptions.
in the case of the photographic plate, the first group is the plate as dealt with by physics, the second the aspect of the heavens which it photographs.
(for the sake of schematic simplicity, i am ignoring various complications connected with time, which require some tedious but perfectly feasible elaborations.)
thus what may be called subjectivity in the point of view is not a distinctive peculiarity of mind: it is present just as much in the photographic plate.
that is to say, they may be remembered and associated or influence our habits, or give rise to images, etc., and they are themselves different from what they would have been if our past experience had been different--for example, the effect of a spoken sentence upon the hearer depends upon whether the hearer knows the language or not, which is a question of past experience.
it is these two characteristics, both connected with mnemic phenomena, that distinguish perceptions from the appearances of objects in places where there is no living being.
theoretically, though often not practically, we can, in our perception of an object, separate the part which is due to past experience from the part which proceeds without mnemic influences out of the character of the object.
according to this definition, the sensation is a theoretical core in the actual experience; the actual experience is the perception.
it is obvious that there are grave difficulties in carrying out these definitions, but we will not linger over them.
we have to pass, as soon as we can, from the physical standpoint, which we have been hitherto adopting, to the standpoint of psychology, in which we make more use of introspection in the first of the three senses discussed in the preceding lecture.
but before making the transition, there are two points which must be made clear.
i do not myself believe that anything approaching certainty is to be attained by either of these methods, and therefore whatever lies outside my personal biography must be regarded, theoretically, as hypothesis.
the theoretical argument for adopting the hypothesis is that it simplifies the statement of the laws according to which events happen in our experience.
but there is no very good ground for supposing that a simple law is more likely to be true than a complicated law, though there is good ground for assuming a simple law in scientific practice, as a working hypothesis, if it explains the facts as well as another which is less simple.
belief in the existence of things outside my own biography exists antecedently to evidence, and can only be destroyed, if at all, by a long course of philosophic doubt.
for purposes of science, it is justified practically by the simplification which it introduces into the laws of physics.
but from the standpoint of theoretical logic it must be regarded as a prejudice, not as a well-grounded theory.
with this proviso, i propose to continue yielding to the prejudice.
due to causes in the brain which cannot be traced back to anything affecting the sense-organs.
it is clear that, if our analysis of physical objects has been valid, this way of defining sensations needs reinterpretation.
it is also clear that we must be able to find such a new interpretation if our theory is to be admissible.
to make the matter clear, we will take the simplest possible illustration.
consider a certain star, and suppose for the moment that its size is negligible.
that is to say, we will regard it as, for practical purposes, a luminous point.
let us further suppose that it exists only for a very brief time, say a second.
then, according to physics, what happens is that a spherical wave of light travels outward from the star through space, just as, when you drop a stone into a stagnant pond, ripples travel outward from the place where the stone hit the water.
this velocity may be ascertained by sending a flash of light to a mirror, and observing how long it takes before the reflected flash reaches you, just as the velocity of sound may be ascertained by means of an echo.
what it is that happens when a wave of light reaches a given place we cannot tell, except in the sole case when the place in question is a brain connected with an eye which is turned in the right direction.
in all other cases, though we know (more or less hypothetically) some of the correlations and abstract properties of the appearance of the star, we do not know the appearance itself.
now you may, for the sake of illustration, compare the different appearances of the star to the conjugation of a greek verb, except that the number of its parts is really infinite, and not only apparently so to the despairing schoolboy.
in vacuo, the parts are regular, and can be derived from the (imaginary) root according to the laws of grammar, i.e.
the star being situated in empty space, it may be defined, for purposes of physics, as consisting of all those appearances which it presents in vacuo, together with those which, according to the laws of perspective, it would present elsewhere if its appearances elsewhere were regular.
this is merely the adaptation of the definition of matter which i gave in an earlier lecture.
the appearance of a star at a certain place, if it is regular, does not require any cause or explanation beyond the existence of the star.
every regular appearance is an actual member of the system which is the star, and its causation is entirely internal to that system.
we may express this by saying that a regular appearance is due to the star alone, and is actually part of the star, in the sense in which a man is part of the human race.
but presently the light of the star reaches our atmosphere.
it begins to be refracted, and dimmed by mist, and its velocity is slightly diminished.
at last it reaches a human eye, where a complicated process takes place, ending in a sensation which gives us our grounds for believing in all that has gone before.
now, the irregular appearances of the star are not, strictly speaking, members of the system which is the star, according to our definition of matter.
the irregular appearances, however, are not merely irregular: they proceed according to laws which can be stated in terms of the matter through which the light has passed on its way.
it should be observed that, while the conception of a regular appearance is perfectly precise, the conception of an irregular appearance is one capable of any degree of vagueness.
when the distorting influence of the medium is sufficiently great, the resulting particular can no longer be regarded as an appearance of an object, but must be treated on its own account.
this happens especially when the particular in question cannot be traced back to one object, but is a blend of two or more.
this case is normal in perception: we see as one what the microscope or telescope reveals to be many different objects.
the notion of perception is therefore not a precise one: we perceive things more or less, but always with a very considerable amount of vagueness and confusion.
in considering irregular appearances, there are certain very natural mistakes which must be avoided.
in order that a particular may count as an irregular appearance of a certain object, it is not necessary that it should bear any resemblance to the regular appearances as regard its intrinsic qualities.
all that is necessary is that it should be derivable from the regular appearances by the laws which express the distorting influence of the medium.
when it is so derivable, the particular in question may be regarded as caused by the regular appearances, and therefore by the object itself, together with the modifications resulting from the medium.
in other cases, the particular in question may, in the same sense, be regarded as caused by several objects together with the medium; in this case, it may be called a confused appearance of several objects.
if it happens to be in a brain, it may be called a confused perception of these objects.
all actual perception is confused to a greater or less extent.
to have no stimulus external to the brain.
when a mental occurrence can be regarded as an appearance of an object external to the brain, however irregular, or even as a confused appearance of several such objects, then we may regard it as having for its stimulus the object or objects in question, or their appearances at the sense-organ concerned.
when, on the other hand, a mental occurrence has not sufficient connection with objects external to the brain to be regarded as an appearance of such objects, then its physical causation (if any) will have to be sought in the brain.
in the former case it can be called a perception; in the latter it cannot be so called.
but the distinction is one of degree, not of kind.
until this is realized, no satisfactory theory of perception, sensation, or imagination is possible.
nevertheless, we seem to find a certain dualism, perhaps not ultimate, within the world as we observe it.
the dualism is not primarily as to the stuff of the world, but as to causal laws.
on this subject we may again quote william james.
i lay a stick upon it and the stick either burns or remains green, as i please.
i call up water, and pour it on the fire, and absolutely no difference ensues.
i account for all such facts by calling this whole train of experiences unreal, a mental train.
mental fire is what won't burn real sticks; mental water is what won't necessarily (though of course it may) put out even a mental fire.... with 'real' objects, on the contrary, consequences always accrue; and thus the real experiences get sifted from the mental ones, the things from our thoughts of them, fanciful or true, and precipitated together as the stable part of the whole experience--chaos, under the name of the physical world.
this is, of course, not the case: they have their effects, just as much as physical phenomena do, but their effects follow different laws.
for example, dreams, as freud has shown, are just as much subject to laws as are the motions of the planets.
but the laws are different: in a dream you may be transported from one place to another in a moment, or one person may turn into another under your eyes.
such differences compel you to distinguish the world of dreams from the physical world.
since the mental world and the physical world interact, there would be a boundary between the two: there would be events which would have physical causes and mental effects, while there would be others which would have mental causes and physical effects.
those that have mental causes and physical effects might perhaps be identified with what we call voluntary movements; but they do not concern us at present.
these definitions would have all the precision that could be desired if the distinction between physical and psychological causation were clear and sharp.
as a matter of fact, however, this distinction is, as yet, by no means sharp.
it is possible that, with fuller knowledge, it will be found to be no more ultimate than the distinction between the laws of gases and the laws of rigid bodies.
and finally it is by no means certain that the peculiar causal laws which govern mental events are not really physiological.
the law of habit, which is one of the most distinctive, may be fully explicable in terms of the peculiarities of nervous tissue, and these peculiarities, in turn, may be explicable by the laws of physics.
it seems, therefore, that we are driven to a different kind of definition.
it is for this reason that it was necessary to develop the definition of perception.
with this definition, we can define a sensation as the non-mnemic elements in a perception.
when, following our definition, we try to decide what elements in our experience are of the nature of sensations, we find more difficulty than might have been expected.
prima facie, everything is sensation that comes to us through the senses: the sights we see, the sounds we hear, the smells we smell, and so on; also such things as headache or the feeling of muscular strain.
but in actual fact so much interpretation, so much of habitual correlation, is mixed with all such experiences, that the core of pure sensation is only to be extracted by careful investigation.
to take a simple illustration: if you go to the theatre in your own country, you seem to hear equally well in the stalls or the dress circle; in either case you think you miss nothing.
but if you go in a foreign country where you have a fair knowledge of the language, you will seem to have grown partially deaf, and you will find it necessary to be much nearer the stage than you would need to be in your own country.
the reason is that, in hearing our own language spoken, we quickly and unconsciously fill out what we really hear with inferences to what the man must be saying, and we never realize that we have not heard the words we have merely inferred.
in a foreign language, these inferences are more difficult, and we are more dependent upon actual sensation.
if we found ourselves in a foreign world, where tables looked like cushions and cushions like tables, we should similarly discover how much of what we think we see is really inference.
every fairly familiar sensation is to us a sign of the things that usually go with it, and many of these things will seem to form part of the sensation.
i remember in the early days of motor-cars being with a friend when a tyre burst with a loud report.
he thought it was a pistol, and supported his opinion by maintaining that he had seen the flash.
nowadays no one sees a flash when a tyre bursts.
in order, therefore, to arrive at what really is sensation in an occurrence which, at first sight, seems to contain nothing else, we have to pare away all that is due to habit or expectation or interpretation.
this is a matter for the psychologist, and by no means an easy matter.
for our purposes, it is not important to determine what exactly is the sensational core in any case; it is only important to notice that there certainly is a sensational core, since habit, expectation and interpretation are diversely aroused on diverse occasions, and the diversity is clearly due to differences in what is presented to the senses.
when you open your newspaper in the morning, the actual sensations of seeing the print form a very minute part of what goes on in you, but they are the starting-point of all the rest, and it is through them that the newspaper is a means of information or mis-information.
thus, although it may be difficult to determine what exactly is sensation in any given experience, it is clear that there is sensation, unless, like leibniz, we deny all action of the outer world upon us.
sensations are obviously the source of our knowledge of the world, including our own body.
it might seem natural to regard a sensation as itself a cognition, and until lately i did so regard it.
if we are so to regard it, we must distinguish the seeing from what is seen: we must say that, when we see a patch of colour of a certain shape, the patch of colour is one thing and our seeing of it is another.
this view, however, demands the admission of the subject, or act, in the sense discussed in our first lecture.
if there is a subject, it can have a relation to the patch of colour, namely, the sort of relation which we might call awareness.
in that case the sensation, as a mental event, will consist of awareness of the colour, while the colour itself will remain wholly physical, and may be called the sense-datum, to distinguish it from the sensation.
the subject, however, appears to be a logical fiction, like mathematical points and instants.
it is introduced, not because observation reveals it, but because it is linguistically convenient and apparently demanded by grammar.
nominal entities of this sort may or may not exist, but there is no good ground for assuming that they do.
the functions that they appear to perform can always be performed by classes or series or other logical constructions, consisting of less dubious entities.
if we are to avoid a perfectly gratuitous assumption, we must dispense with the subject as one of the actual ingredients of the world.
but when we do this, the possibility of distinguishing the sensation from the sense-datum vanishes; at least i see no way of preserving the distinction.
accordingly the sensation that we have when we see a patch of colour simply is that patch of colour, an actual constituent of the physical world, and part of what physics is concerned with.
a patch of colour is certainly not knowledge, and therefore we cannot say that pure sensation is cognitive.
through its psychological effects, it is the cause of cognitions, partly by being itself a sign of things that are correlated with it, as e.g.
sensations of sight and touch are correlated, and partly by giving rise to images and memories after the sensation is faded.
but in itself the pure sensation is not cognitive.
we saw reasons to reject this view in general; we are now concerned to show that it must be rejected in the particular case of sensations.
the kind of argument which formerly made me accept brentano's view in this case was exceedingly simple.
when i see a patch of colour, it seemed to me that the colour is not psychical, but physical, while my seeing is not physical, but psychical.
hence i concluded that the colour is something other than my seeing of the colour.
this argument, to me historically, was directed against idealism: the emphatic part of it was the assertion that the colour is physical, not psychical.
i shall not trouble you now with the grounds for holding as against berkeley that the patch of colour is physical; i have set them forth before, and i see no reason to modify them.
but it does not follow that the patch of colour is not also psychical, unless we assume that the physical and the psychical cannot overlap, which i no longer consider a valid assumption.
if we admit--as i think we should--that the patch of colour may be both physical and psychical, the reason for distinguishing the sense-datum from the sensation disappears, and we may say that the patch of colour and our sensation in seeing it are identical.
this is the view of william james, professor dewey, and the american realists.
perceptions, says professor dewey, are not per se cases of knowledge, but simply natural events with no more knowledge status than (say) a shower.
many of them already hold the view he is advocating, and others are very sympathetic to it.
at any rate, it is the view which i shall adopt in these lectures.
the stuff of the world, so far as we have experience of it, consists, on the view that i am advocating, of innumerable transient particulars such as occur in seeing, hearing, etc., together with images more or less resembling these, of which i shall speak shortly.
if physics is true, there are, besides the particulars that we experience, others, probably equally (or almost equally) transient, which make up that part of the material world that does not come into the sort of contact with a living body that is required to turn it into a sensation.
but this topic belongs to the philosophy of physics, and need not concern us in our present inquiry.
sensations are what is common to the mental and physical worlds; they may be defined as the intersection of mind and matter.
the essence of sensation, according to the view i am advocating, is its independence of past experience.
it is a core in our actual experiences, never existing in isolation except possibly in very young infants.
it is not itself knowledge, but it supplies the data for our knowledge of the physical world, including our own bodies.
there are some who believe that our mental life is built up out of sensations alone.
this may be true; but in any case i think the only ingredients required in addition to sensations are images.
what images are, and how they are to be defined, we have now to inquire.
the distinction between images and sensations might seem at first sight by no means difficult.
when we shut our eyes and call up pictures of familiar scenes, we usually have no difficulty, so long as we remain awake, in discriminating between what we are imagining and what is really seen.
if we imagine some piece of music that we know, we can go through it in our mind from beginning to end without any discoverable tendency to suppose that we are really hearing it.
but although such cases are so clear that no confusion seems possible, there are many others that are far more difficult, and the definition of images is by no means an easy problem.
to begin with: we do not always know whether what we are experiencing is a sensation or an image.
the things we see in dreams when our eyes are shut must count as images, yet while we are dreaming they seem like sensations.
hallucinations often begin as persistent images, and only gradually acquire that influence over belief that makes the patient regard them as sensations.
when we are listening for a faint sound--the striking of a distant clock, or a horse's hoofs on the road--we think we hear it many times before we really do, because expectation brings us the image, and we mistake it for sensation.
the distinction between images and sensations is, therefore, by no means always obvious to inspection.
* * on the distinction between images and sensation, cf.
i believe the third of these to be the only universally applicable criterion.
the other two are applicable in very many cases, but cannot be used for purposes of definition because they are liable to exceptions.
nevertheless, they both deserve to be carefully considered.
every one of himself will readily perceive the difference betwixt feeling and thinking.
the common degrees of these are easily distinguished, though it is not impossible but in particular instances they may very nearly approach to each other.
thus in sleep, in a fever, in madness, or in any very violent emotions of soul, our ideas may approach to our impressions; as, on the other hand, it sometimes happens, that our impressions are so faint and low that we cannot distinguish them from our ideas.
i think hume is right in holding that they should be ranked under distinct heads, with a peculiar name for each.
but by his own confession in the above passage, his criterion for distinguishing them is not always adequate.
a definition is not sound if it only applies in cases where the difference is glaring: the essential purpose of a definition is to provide a mark which is applicable even in marginal cases--except, of course, when we are dealing with a conception, like, e.g.
baldness, which is one of degree and has no sharp boundaries.
but so far we have seen no reason to think that the difference between sensations and images is only one of degree.
the percept has an aggressiveness which does not belong to the image.
it strikes the mind with varying degrees of force or liveliness according to the varying intensity of the stimulus.
this degree of force or liveliness is part of what we ordinarily mean by the intensity of a sensation.
this view allows for the fact that sensations may reach any degree of faintness--e.g.
in the case of a just visible star or a just audible sound--without becoming images, and that therefore mere faintness cannot be the characteristic mark of images.
but i believe that this criterion fails in very much the same instances as those in which hume's criterion fails in its original form.
macbeth speaks of-- that suggestion whose horrid image doth unfix my hair and make my seated heart knock at my ribs against the use of nature.
the whistle of a steam-engine could hardly have a stronger effect than this.
a very intense emotion will often bring with it--especially where some future action or some undecided issue is involved--powerful compelling images which may determine the whole course of life, sweeping aside all contrary solicitations to the will by their capacity for exclusively possessing the mind.
the cases of dreams and fever-delirium are as hard to adjust to professor stout's modified criterion as to hume's.
i conclude therefore that the test of liveliness, however applicable in ordinary instances, cannot be used to define the differences between sensations and images.
but this difference is hard to analyse or state correctly.
images are just as truly part of the actual world as sensations are.
it does not have the correlations with tactile sensations which it would have if it were a visual sensation and not merely a visual image.
our feeling of unreality results from our having already realized that we are dealing with an image, and cannot therefore be the definition of what we mean by an image.
i believe this to be the only valid ground of distinction.
james, in the passage about the mental fire which won't burn real sticks, distinguishes images by their effects, but i think the more reliable distinction is by their causes.
i think that this is the correct view, and that the distinction between images and sensations can only be made by taking account of their causation.
sensations come through sense-organs, while images do not.
we cannot have visual sensations in the dark, or with our eyes shut, but we can very well have visual images under these circumstances.
sensations which have their physiological cause in the brain only, not also in the sense-organs and the nerves that run from the sense-organs to the brain.
this is probably true, but it is an hypothesis, and for our purposes an unnecessary one.
it would seem to fit better with what we can immediately observe if we were to say that an image is occasioned, through association, by a sensation or another image, in other words that it has a mnemic cause--which does not prevent it from also having a physical cause.
and i think it will be found that the causation of an image always proceeds according to mnemic laws, i.e.
that it is governed by habit and past experience.
if you listen to a man playing the pianola without looking at him, you will have images of his hands on the keys as if he were playing the piano; if you suddenly look at him while you are absorbed in the music, you will experience a shock of surprise when you notice that his hands are not touching the notes.
your image of his hands is due to the many times that you have heard similar sounds and at the same time seen the player's hands on the piano.
when habit and past experience play this part, we are in the region of mnemic as opposed to ordinary physical causation.
and i think that, if we could regard as ultimately valid the difference between physical and mnemic causation, we could distinguish images from sensations as having mnemic causes, though they may also have physical causes.
sensations, on the other hand, will only have physical causes.
however this may be, the practically effective distinction between sensations and images is that in the causation of sensations, but not of images, the stimulation of nerves carrying an effect into the brain, usually from the surface of the body, plays an essential part.
and this accounts for the fact that images and sensations cannot always be distinguished by their intrinsic nature.
images also differ from sensations as regards their effects.
sensations, as a rule, have both physical and mental effects.
as you watch the train you meant to catch leaving the station, there are both the successive positions of the train (physical effects) and the successive waves of fury and disappointment (mental effects).
all their effects, of whatever nature, follow mnemic laws.
but this difference is less suitable for definition than the difference as to causes.
professor watson, as a logical carrying-out of his behaviourist theory, denies altogether that there are any observable phenomena such as images are supposed to be.
he replaces them all by faint sensations, and especially by pronunciation of words sotto voce.
i shall consider his view again in connection with words; for the present i am only concerned to combat his denial of images.
it seems to me that in this matter he has been betrayed into denying plain facts in the interests of a theory, namely, the supposed impossibility of introspection.
images are of various sorts, according to the nature of the sensations which they copy.
images of bodily movements, such as we have when we imagine moving an arm or, on a smaller scale, pronouncing a word, might possibly be explained away on professor watson's lines, as really consisting in small incipient movements such as, if magnified and prolonged, would be the movements we are said to be imagining.
whether this is the case or not might even be decided experimentally.
if there were a delicate instrument for recording small movements in the mouth and throat, we might place such an instrument in a person's mouth and then tell him to recite a poem to himself, as far as possible only in imagination.
if professor watson is right as regards inner speech, this whole region is transferred from imagination to sensation.
but since the question is capable of experimental decision, it would be gratuitous rashness to offer an opinion while that decision is lacking.
but visual and auditory images are much more difficult to deal with in this way, because they lack the connection with physical events in the outer world which belongs to visual and auditory sensations.
suppose, for example, that i am sitting in my room, in which there is an empty arm-chair.
i shut my eyes, and call up a visual image of a friend sitting in the arm-chair.
if i thrust my image into the world of physics, it contradicts all the usual physical laws.
my friend reached the chair without coming in at the door in the usual way; subsequent inquiry will show that he was somewhere else at the moment.
if regarded as a sensation, my image has all the marks of the supernatural.
my image, therefore, is regarded as an event in me, not as having that position in the orderly happenings of the public world that belongs to sensations.
but in any case it is not a public event, like an actual person walking in at the door and sitting down in my chair.
this view seems to me flatly to contradict experience.
if you try to persuade any uneducated person that she cannot call up a visual picture of a friend sitting in a chair, but can only use words describing what such an occurrence would be like, she will conclude that you are mad.
(this statement is based upon experiment.)
galton, as every one knows, investigated visual imagery, and found that education tends to kill it: the fellows of the royal society turned out to have much less of it than their wives.
and professor watson is a very learned man.
i shall henceforth assume that the existence of images is admitted, and that they are to be distinguished from sensations by their causes, as well as, in a lesser degree, by their effects.
in their intrinsic nature, though they often differ from sensations by being more dim or vague or faint, yet they do not always or universally differ from sensations in any way that can be used for defining them.
their privacy need form no bar to the scientific study of them, any more than the privacy of bodily sensations does.
bodily sensations are admitted by even the most severe critics of introspection, although, like images, they can only be observed by one observer.
it must be admitted, however, that the laws of the appearance and disappearance of images are little known and difficult to discover, because we are not assisted, as in the case of sensations, by our knowledge of the physical world.
there remains one very important point concerning images, which will occupy us much hereafter, and that is, their resemblance to previous sensations.
it is generally believed that we cannot imagine a shade of colour that we have never seen, or a sound that we have never heard.
he next explains the difference between simple and complex ideas, and explains that a complex idea may occur without any similar complex impression.
for the understanding of memory, and of knowledge generally, the recognizable resemblance of images and sensations is of fundamental importance.
there are difficulties in establishing hume's principles, and doubts as to whether it is exactly true.
indeed, he himself signalized an exception immediately after stating his maxim.
nevertheless, it is impossible to doubt that in the main simple images are copies of similar simple sensations which have occurred earlier, and that the same is true of complex images in all cases of memory as opposed to mere imagination.
our power of acting with reference to what is sensibly absent is largely due to this characteristic of images, although, as education advances, images tend to be more and more replaced by words.
we shall have much to say in the next two lectures on the subject of images as copies of sensations.
what has been said now is merely by way of reminder that this is their most notable characteristic.
i am by no means confident that the distinction between images and sensations is ultimately valid, and i should be glad to be convinced that images can be reduced to sensations of a peculiar kind.
i think it is clear, however, that, at any rate in the case of auditory and visual images, they do differ from ordinary auditory and visual sensations, and therefore form a recognizable class of occurrences, even if it should prove that they can be regarded as a sub-class of sensations.
this is all that is necessary to validate the use of images to be made in the sequel.
the analysis of knowledge will occupy us until the end of the thirteenth lecture, and is the most difficult part of our whole enterprise.
i do not myself believe that the analysis of knowledge can be effected entirely by means of purely external observation, such as behaviourists employ.
i shall discuss this question in later lectures.
in the present lecture i shall attempt the analysis of memory-knowledge, both as an introduction to the problem of knowledge in general, and because memory, in some form, is presupposed in almost all other knowledge.
sensation, we decided, is not a form of knowledge.
with that integral experience of things in the environment, out of which sensation is extracted by psychological analysis.
what is called perception differs from sensation by the fact that the sensational ingredients bring up habitual associates--images and expectations of their usual correlates--all of which are subjectively indistinguishable from the sensation.
the non-sensational elements in perception can be wholly explained as the result of habit, produced by frequent correlations.
the purely psychological problems which it raises are not very difficult, though they have sometimes been rendered artificially obscure by unwillingness to admit the fallibility of the non-sensational elements of perception.
on the other hand, memory raises many difficult and very important problems, which it is necessary to consider at the first possible moment.
such modifications of hume's principle, however, do not affect the problem which i wish to present for your consideration, namely: why do we believe that images are, sometimes or always, approximately or exactly, copies of sensations?
and what sort of evidence is logically possible?
the difficulty of this question arises through the fact that the sensation which an image is supposed to copy is in the past when the image exists, and can therefore only be known by memory, while, on the other hand, memory of past sensations seems only possible by means of present images.
how, then, are we to find any way of comparing the present image and the past sensation?
the problem is just as acute if we say that images differ from their prototypes as if we say that they resemble them; it is the very possibility of comparison that is hard to understand.
* we think we can know that they are alike or different, but we cannot bring them together in one experience and compare them.
to deal with this problem, we must have a theory of memory.
in investigating memory-beliefs, there are certain points which must be borne in mind.
in the first place, everything constituting a memory-belief is happening now, not in that past time to which the belief is said to refer.
it is not logically necessary to the existence of a memory-belief that the event remembered should have occurred, or even that the past should have existed at all.
there is no logically necessary connection between events at different times; therefore nothing that is happening now or will happen in the future can disprove the hypothesis that the world began five minutes ago.
i am not suggesting that the non-existence of the past should be entertained as a serious hypothesis.
like all sceptical hypotheses, it is logically tenable, but uninteresting.
all that i am doing is to use its logical tenability as a help in the analysis of what occurs when we remember.
in the second place, images without beliefs are insufficient to constitute memory; and habits are still more insufficient.
the behaviourist, who attempts to make psychology a record of behaviour, has to trust his memory in making the record.
for their mere occurrence, by itself, would not suggest any connection with anything that had happened before.
can we constitute memory out of images together with suitable beliefs?
we may take it that memory-images, when they occur in true memory, are (a) known to be copies, (b) sometimes known to be imperfect copies (cf.
how is it possible to know that a memory-image is an imperfect copy, without having a more accurate copy by which to replace it?
but i do not think such an inference is warranted.
what results, formally, from our knowledge of the past through images of which we recognize the inaccuracy, is that such images must have two characteristics by which we can arrange them in two series, of which one corresponds to the more or less remote period in the past to which they refer, and the other to our greater or less confidence in their accuracy.
we will take the second of these points first.
our confidence or lack of confidence in the accuracy of a memory-image must, in fundamental cases, be based upon a characteristic of the image itself, since we cannot evoke the past bodily and compare it with the present image.
it might be suggested that vagueness is the required characteristic, but i do not think this is the case.
we sometimes have images that are by no means peculiarly vague, which yet we do not trust--for example, under the influence of fatigue we may see a friend's face vividly and clearly, but horribly distorted.
in such a case we distrust our image in spite of its being unusually clear.
some images, like some sensations, feel very familiar, while others feel strange.
familiarity is a feeling capable of degrees.
in an image of a well-known face, for example, some parts may feel more familiar than others; when this happens, we have more belief in the accuracy of the familiar parts than in that of the unfamiliar parts.
i think it is by this means that we become critical of images, not by some imageless memory with which we compare them.
i shall return to the consideration of familiarity shortly.
i come now to the other characteristic which memory-images must have in order to account for our knowledge of the past.
they must have some characteristic which makes us regard them as referring to more or less remote portions of the past.
that is to say if we suppose that a is the event remembered, b the remembering, and t the interval of time between a and b, there must be some characteristic of b which is capable of degrees, and which, in accurately dated memories, varies as t varies.
it may increase as t increases, or diminish as t increases.
the question which of these occurs is not of any importance for the theoretic serviceability of the characteristic in question.
in actual fact, there are doubtless various factors that concur in giving us the feeling of greater or less remoteness in some remembered event.
but apart from this, there are other marks.
a recent memory has, usually, more context than a more distant one.
when a remembered event has a remembered context, this may occur in two ways, either (a) by successive images in the same order as their prototypes, or (b) by remembering a whole process simultaneously, in the same way in which a present process may be apprehended, through akoluthic sensations which, by fading, acquire the mark of just-pastness in an increasing degree as they fade, and are thus placed in a series while all sensibly present.
it will be context in this second sense, more specially, that will give us a sense of the nearness or remoteness of a remembered event.
there is, of course, a difference between knowing the temporal relation of a remembered event to the present, and knowing the time-order of two remembered events.
very often our knowledge of the temporal relation of a remembered event to the present is inferred from its temporal relations to other remembered events.
it would seem that only rather recent events can be placed at all accurately by means of feelings giving their temporal relation to the present, but it is clear that such feelings must play an essential part in the process of dating remembered events.
the first lead us to trust our memories, the second to assign places to them in the time-order.
we have now to analyse the memory-belief, as opposed to the characteristics of images which lead us to base memory-beliefs upon them.
we could then have said that remembering is a direct relation between the present act or subject and the past occurrence remembered: the act of remembering is present, though its object is past.
but the rejection of the subject renders some more complicated theory necessary.
remembering has to be a present occurrence in some way resembling, or related to, what is remembered.
and it is difficult to find any ground, except a pragmatic one, for supposing that memory is not sheer delusion, if, as seems to be the case, there is not, apart from memory, any way of ascertaining that there really was a past occurrence having the required relation to our present remembering.
the present mental occurrence in remembering.
there is an awkward gulf between the two, which raises difficulties for the theory of knowledge.
but we must not falsify observation to avoid theoretical difficulties.
for the present, therefore, let us forget these problems, and try to discover what actually occurs in memory.
some points may be taken as fixed, and such as any theory of memory must arrive at.
in this case, as in most others, what may be taken as certain in advance is rather vague.
if you attempt to be less vague, and to assert that the object is an elephant, or a man, or a mad dog, you run a risk of error; but the purpose of continued observation is to enable you to arrive at such more precise knowledge.
in like manner, in the study of memory, the certainties with which you begin are very vague, and the more precise propositions at which you try to arrive are less certain than the hazy data from which you set out.
nevertheless, in spite of the risk of error, precision is the goal at which we must aim.
the first of our vague but indubitable data is that there is knowledge of the past.
nevertheless, whatever a sceptic might urge in theory, we cannot practically doubt that we got up this morning, that we did various things yesterday, that a great war has been taking place, and so on.
how far our knowledge of the past is due to memory, and how far to other sources, is of course a matter to be investigated, but there can be no doubt that memory forms an indispensable part of our knowledge of the past.
the second datum is that we certainly have more capacity for knowing the past than for knowing the future.
we know some things about the future, for example what eclipses there will be; but this knowledge is a matter of elaborate calculation and inference, whereas some of our knowledge of the past comes to us without effort, in the same sort of immediate way in which we acquire knowledge of occurrences in our present environment.
a third point, perhaps not quite so certain as our previous two, is that the truth of memory cannot be wholly practical, as pragmatists wish all truth to be.
it seems clear that some of the things i remember are trivial and without any visible importance for the future, but that my memory is true (or false) in virtue of a past event, not in virtue of any future consequences of my belief.
the definition of truth as the correspondence between beliefs and facts seems peculiarly evident in the case of memory, as against not only the pragmatist definition but also the idealist definition by means of coherence.
these considerations, however, are taking us away from psychology, to which we must now return.
the recollection of a unique event cannot, so bergson contends, be wholly constituted by habit, and is in fact something radically different from the memory which is habit.
this distinction is vital to the understanding of memory.
but it is not so easy to carry out in practice as it is to draw in theory.
habit is a very intrusive feature of our mental life, and is often present where at first sight it seems not to be.
there is, for example, a habit of remembering a unique event.
when we have once described the event, the words we have used easily become habitual.
we may even have used words to describe it to ourselves while it was happening; in that case, the habit of these words may fulfil the function of bergson's true memory, while in reality it is nothing but habit-memory.
a gramophone, by the help of suitable records, might relate to us the incidents of its past; and people are not so different from gramophones as they like to believe.
in spite, however, of a difficulty in distinguishing the two forms of memory in practice, there can be no doubt that both forms exist.
i can set to work now to remember things i never remembered before, such as what i had to eat for breakfast this morning, and it can hardly be wholly habit that enables me to do this.
it is this sort of occurrence that constitutes the essence of memory until we have analysed what happens in such a case as this, we have not succeeded in understanding memory.
the sort of memory with which we are here concerned is the sort which is a form of knowledge.
whether knowledge itself is reducible to habit is a question to which i shall return in a later lecture; for the present i am only anxious to point out that, whatever the true analysis of knowledge may be, knowledge of past occurrences is not proved by behaviour which is due to past experience.
the fact that a man can recite a poem does not show that he remembers any previous occasion on which he has recited or read it.
similarly, the performances of animals in getting out of cages or mazes to which they are accustomed do not prove that they remember having been in the same situation before.
arguments in favour of (for example) memory in plants are only arguments in favour of habit-memory, not of knowledge-memory.
samuel butler's arguments in favour of the view that an animal remembers something of the lives of its ancestors* are, when examined, only arguments in favour of habit-memory.
semon's two books, mentioned in an earlier lecture, do not touch knowledge-memory at all closely.
they give laws according to which images of past occurrences come into our minds, but do not discuss our belief that these images refer to past occurrences, which is what constitutes knowledge-memory.
it is this that is of interest to theory of knowledge.
before considering true memory, it will be well to consider two things which are on the way towards memory, namely the feeling of familiarity and recognition.
we often feel that something in our sensible environment is familiar, without having any definite recollection of previous occasions on which we have seen it.
we have this feeling normally in places where we have often been before--at home, or in well-known streets.
most people and animals find it essential to their happiness to spend a good deal of their time in familiar surroundings, which are especially comforting when any danger threatens.
the feeling of familiarity has all sorts of degrees, down to the stage where we dimly feel that we have seen a person before.
it is by no means always reliable; almost everybody has at some time experienced the well-known illusion that all that is happening now happened before at some time.
i think we may regard familiarity as a definite feeling, capable of existing without an object, but normally standing in a specific relation to some feature of the environment, the relation being that which we express in words by saying that the feature in question is familiar.
the judgment that what is familiar has been experienced before is a product of reflection, and is no part of the feeling of familiarity, such as a horse may be supposed to have when he returns to his stable.
thus no knowledge as to the past is to be derived from the feeling of familiarity alone.
this may be taken in two senses, the first when a thing not merely feels familiar, but we know it is such-and-such.
we recognize our friend jones, we know cats and dogs when we see them, and so on.
here we have a definite influence of past experience, but not necessarily any actual knowledge of the past.
when we see a cat, we know it is a cat because of previous cats we have seen, but we do not, as a rule, recollect at the moment any particular occasion when we have seen a cat.
we are, of course, in fact able to judge, when we recognize an object, that we have seen it before, but this judgment is something over and above recognition in this first sense, and may very probably be impossible to animals that nevertheless have the experience of recognition in this first sense of the word.
there is, however, another sense of the word, in which we mean by recognition, not knowing the name of a thing or some other property of it, but knowing that we have seen it before in this sense recognition does involve knowledge about the fast.
this knowledge is memory in one sense, though in another it is not.
it does not involve a definite memory of a definite past event, but only the knowledge that something happening now is similar to something that happened before.
it differs from the sense of familiarity by being cognitive; it is a belief or judgment, which the sense of familiarity is not.
there are, however, several points in which such an account of recognition is inadequate.
we recognize a thing (it may be urged) as having been in our experience before, whatever that may mean; we do not recognize it as merely having been in the world before.
i am not sure that there is anything substantial in this point.
i shall return to what is virtually the same question in connection with true memory, which raises exactly similar problems.
a second point is that, when we recognize something, it was not in fact the very same thing, but only something similar, that we experienced on a former occasion.
suppose the object in question is a friend's face.
a person's face is always changing, and is not exactly the same on any two occasions.
common sense treats it as one face with varying expressions; but the varying expressions actually exist, each at its proper time, while the one face is merely a logical construction.
we regard two objects as the same, for common-sense purposes, when the reaction they call for is practically the same.
are treated as appearances of one identical object, namely jones.
what we see on any one occasion is not the whole series of particulars that make up jones, but only one of them (or a few in quick succession).
on another occasion we see another member of the series, but it is sufficiently similar to count as the same from the standpoint of common sense.
here, again, we shall find a similar point as regards true memory; and in connection with true memory we will consider the point again.
it is sometimes suggested, by those who favour behaviourist views, that recognition consists in behaving in the same way when a stimulus is repeated as we behaved on the first occasion when it occurred.
this seems to be the exact opposite of the truth.
on the first occasion there is no recognition; on the second occasion there is.
in fact, recognition is another instance of the peculiarity of causal laws in psychology, namely, that the causal unit is not a single event, but two or more events habit is the great instance of this, but recognition is another.
a stimulus occurring once has a certain effect; occurring twice, it has the further effect of recognition.
thus the phenomenon of recognition has as its cause the two occasions when the stimulus has occurred; either alone is insufficient.
this complexity of causes in psychology might be connected with bergson's arguments against repetition in the mental world.
it does not prove that there are no causal laws in psychology, as bergson suggests; but it does prove that the causal laws of psychology are prima facie very different from those of physics.
on the possibility of explaining away the difference as due to the peculiarities of nervous tissue i have spoken before, but this possibility must not be forgotten if we are tempted to draw unwarranted metaphysical deductions.
true memory, which we must now endeavour to understand, consists of knowledge of past events, but not of all such knowledge.
some knowledge of past events, for example what we learn through reading history, is on a par with the knowledge we can acquire concerning the future: it is obtained by inference, not (so to speak) spontaneously.
there is a similar distinction in our knowledge of the present: some of it is obtained through the senses, some in more indirect ways.
i know that there are at this moment a number of people in the streets of new york, but i do not know this in the immediate way in which i know of the people whom i see by looking out of my window.
it is not easy to state precisely wherein the difference between these two sorts of knowledge consists, but it is easy to feel the difference.
for the moment, i shall not stop to analyse it, but shall content myself with saying that, in this respect, memory resembles the knowledge derived from the senses.
it is immediate, not inferred, not abstract; it differs from perception mainly by being referred to the past.
when we remember, the knowing is now, while what is known is in the past.
of these two questions, only the first concerns the psychologist; the second belongs to theory of knowledge.
at the same time, if we accept the vague datum with which we began, to the effect that, in some sense, there is knowledge of the past, we shall have to find, if we can, such an account of the present occurrence in remembering as will make it not impossible for remembering to give us knowledge of the past.
for the present, however, we shall do well to forget the problems concerning theory of knowledge, and concentrate upon the purely psychological problem of memory.
between memory-image and sensation there is an intermediate experience concerning the immediate past.
for example, a sound that we have just heard is present to us in a way which differs both from the sensation while we are hearing the sound and from the memory-image of something heard days or weeks ago.
and when we hear a remark spoken, we are conscious of the earlier words while the later ones are being uttered, and this retention feels different from recollection of something definitely past.
a sensation fades gradually, passing by continuous gradations to the status of an image.
the specious present includes elements at all stages on the journey from sensation to image.
it is this fact that enables us to apprehend such things as movements, or the order of the words in a spoken sentence.
succession can occur within the specious present, of which we can distinguish some parts as earlier and others as later.
it is to be supposed that the earliest parts are those that have faded most from their original force, while the latest parts are those that retain their full sensational character.
at the beginning of a stimulus we have a sensation; then a gradual transition; and at the end an image.
* when the process of fading is completed (which happens very quickly), we arrive at the image, which is capable of being revived on subsequent occasions with very little change.
such events, if they are represented by anything present, can only be represented by images, not by those intermediate stages, between sensations and images, which occur during the period of fading.
immediate memory is important both because it provides experience of succession, and because it bridges the gulf between sensations and the images which are their copies.
but it is now time to resume the consideration of true memory.
suppose you ask me what i ate for breakfast this morning.
suppose, further, that i have not thought about my breakfast in the meantime, and that i did not, while i was eating it, put into words what it consisted of.
in this case my recollection will be true memory, not habit-memory.
the process of remembering will consist of calling up images of my breakfast, which will come to me with a feeling of belief such as distinguishes memory-images from mere imagination-images.
or sometimes words may come without the intermediary of images; but in this case equally the feeling of belief is essential.
let us omit from our consideration, for the present, the memories in which words replace images.
these are always, i think, really habit-memories, the memories that use images being the typical true memories.
memory-images and imagination-images do not differ in their intrinsic qualities, so far as we can discover.
the mere occurrence of images, without this feeling of belief, constitutes imagination; it is the element of belief that is the distinctive thing in memory.
* * for belief of a specific kind, cf.
there are, if i am not mistaken, at least three different kinds of belief-feeling, which we may call respectively memory, expectation and bare assent.
in what i call bare assent, there is no time-element in the feeling of belief, though there may be in the content of what is believed.
if i believe that caesar landed in britain in b.c.
i do not remember the occurrence, but have the same feeling towards it as towards the announcement of an eclipse next year.
so, in memory, the pastness lies, not in the content of what is believed, but in the nature of the belief-feeling.
i might have just the same images and expect their realization; i might entertain them without any belief, as in reading a novel; or i might entertain them together with a time-determination, and give bare assent, as in reading history.
i shall return to this subject in a later lecture, when we come to the analysis of belief.
for the present, i wish to make it clear that a certain special kind of belief is the distinctive characteristic of memory.
the problem as to whether memory can be explained as habit or association requires to be considered afresh in connection with the causes of our remembering something.
let us take again the case of my being asked what i had for breakfast this morning.
in this case the question leads to my setting to work to recollect.
it is a little strange that the question should instruct me as to what it is that i am to recall.
this has to do with understanding words, which will be the topic of the next lecture; but something must be said about it now.
this morning has, to-day, the same time-relation to my present that yesterday morning had yesterday.
this appreciation of time-intervals is, however, obviously a product of memory, not a presupposition of it.
let us take the case of coming into a familiar room where something has been changed--say a new picture hung on the wall.
in order to make the case definite, we will suppose that we were only in the room on one former occasion.
in this case it seems fairly clear what happens.
the other objects in the room are associated, through the former occasion, with a blank space of wall where now there is a picture.
they call up an image of a blank wall, which clashes with perception of the picture.
the image is associated with the belief-feeling which we found to be distinctive of memory, since it can neither be abolished nor harmonized with perception.
if the room had remained unchanged, we might have had only the feeling of familiarity without the definite remembering; it is the change that drives us from the present to memory of the past.
we may generalize this instance so as to cover the causes of many memories.
some present feature of the environment is associated, through past experiences, with something now absent; this absent something comes before us as an image, and is contrasted with present sensation.
in cases of this sort, habit (or association) explains why the present feature of the environment brings up the memory-image, but it does not explain the memory-belief.
perhaps a more complete analysis could explain the memory-belief also on lines of association and habit, but the causes of beliefs are obscure, and we cannot investigate them yet.
for the present we must content ourselves with the fact that the memory-image can be explained by habit.
as regards the memory-belief, we must, at least provisionally, accept bergson's view that it cannot be brought under the head of habit, at any rate when it first occurs, i.e.
when we remember something we never remembered before.
we must now consider somewhat more closely the content of a memory-belief.
in order to deal with this topic we must consider the verbal expression of the memory-belief.
but such words would be very far from an accurate translation of the simplest kind of memory-belief.
this, however, would be a mistake, produced by attempting to give to words a precision which they do not possess when used by unsophisticated people.
but identity is a precise conception, and no word, in ordinary speech, stands for anything precise.
ordinary speech does not distinguish between identity and close similarity.
a word always applies, not only to one particular, but to a group of associated particulars, which are not recognized as multiple in common thought or speech.
vague identity, which is really close similarity, has been a source of many of the confusions by which philosophy has lived.
hence bergson's interpenetration of the present by the past, hegelian continuity and identity-in-diversity, and a host of other notions which are thought to be profound because they are obscure and confused.
the contradictions resulting from confounding image and prototype in memory force us to precision.
but when we become precise, our remembering becomes different from that of ordinary life, and if we forget this we shall go wrong in the analysis of ordinary memory.
vagueness and accuracy are important notions, which it is very necessary to understand.
all thinking is vague to some extent, and complete accuracy is a theoretical ideal not practically attainable.
to understand what is meant by accuracy, it will be well to consider first instruments of measurement, such as a balance or a thermometer.
these are said to be accurate when they give different results for very slightly different stimuli.
* a clinical thermometer is accurate when it enables us to detect very slight differences in the temperature of the blood.
we may say generally that an instrument is accurate in proportion as it reacts differently to very slightly different stimuli.
when a small difference of stimulus produces a great difference of reaction, the instrument is accurate; in the contrary case it is not.
* this is a necessary but not a sufficient condition.
exactly the same thing applies in defining accuracy of thought or perception.
a musician will respond differently to very minute differences in playing which would be quite imperceptible to the ordinary mortal.
a negro can see the difference between one negro and another one is his friend, another his enemy.
accuracy of response in regard to any particular kind of stimulus is improved by practice.
understanding a language is a case in point.
precision and vagueness in thought, as in perception, depend upon the degree of difference between responses to more or less similar stimuli.
in the case of thought, the response does not follow immediately upon the sensational stimulus, but that makes no difference as regards our present question.
in the above instance, if it was jones i met.
it is precise even if it is false, provided some very definite occurrence would have been required to make it true.
it follows from what has been said that a vague thought has more likelihood of being true than a precise one.
to try and hit an object with a vague thought is like trying to hit the bull's eye with a lump of putty: when the putty reaches the target, it flattens out all over it, and probably covers the bull's eye along with the rest.
to try and hit an object with a precise thought is like trying to hit the bull's eye with a bullet.
the advantage of the precise thought is that it distinguishes between the bull's eye and the rest of the target.
for example, if the whole target is represented by the fungus family and the bull's eye by mushrooms, a vague thought which can only hit the target as a whole is not much use from a culinary point of view.
and when i merely remember that i met a man, my memory may be very inadequate to my practical requirements, since it may make a great difference whether i met brown or jones.
it is accurate if i met jones, inaccurate if i met brown, but precise in either case as against the mere recollection that i met a man.
the distinction between accuracy and precision is however, not fundamental.
we may omit precision from out thoughts and confine ourselves to the distinction between accuracy and vagueness.
* that is to say, if a small difference of stimulus produces a great difference of response, the instrument is very accurate; in the contrary case, very inaccurate.
* strictly speaking, the limit of this, i.e.
the derivative of the response with respect to the stimulus.
these definitions will be found useful, not only in the case of memory, but in almost all questions concerned with knowledge.
it should be observed that vague beliefs, so far from being necessarily false, have a better chance of truth than precise ones, though their truth is less valuable than that of precise beliefs, since they do not distinguish between occurrences which may differ in important ways.
a vague word is not to be identified with a general word, though in practice the distinction may often be blurred.
a word is general when it is understood to be applicable to a number of different objects in virtue of some common property.
a word is vague when it is in fact applicable to a number of different objects because, in virtue of some common property, they have not appeared, to the person using the word, to be distinct.
i emphatically do not mean that he has judged them to be identical, but merely that he has made the same response to them all and has not judged them to be different.
we may compare a vague word to a jelly and a general word to a heap of shot.
vague words precede judgments of identity and difference; both general and particular words are subsequent to such judgments.
* * on the vague and the general cf.
if 'indefinite' is taken as synonymous with general, it may be said that the particular does not appear at the outset, but neither does the general in any exact sense: the vague would be more appropriate.
in other words, no sooner has the intellect progressed beyond the moment of perception and of its immediate reproduction in memory, than the generic image makes its appearance, i.e.
but we have not yet finished our analysis of the memory-belief.
the image is, in one sense, occurring now; and therefore we must find some other sense in which the past event occurred but the image does not occur.
as to the first question, in the crude use of the word, which is what concerns us, memory-images would not be said to occur; they would not be noticed in themselves, but merely used as signs of the past event.
the prototype of our memory-image did fit into a physical context, while our memory-image does not.
we do not, unless we are unusually reflective, think about the presence or absence of correlations: we merely have different feelings which, intellectualized, may be represented as expectations of the presence or absence of correlations.
this feeling of reality, related to the memory-image, and referred to the past by the specific kind of belief-feeling that is characteristic of memory, seems to be what constitutes the act of remembering in its pure form.
we may now summarize our analysis of pure memory.
memory demands (a) an image, (b) a belief in past existence.
the believing is a specific feeling or sensation or complex of sensations, different from expectation or bare assent in a way that makes the belief refer to the past; the reference to the past lies in the belief-feeling, not in the content believed.
there is a relation between the belief-feeling and the content, making the belief-feeling refer to the content, and expressed by saying that the content is what is believed.
the content believed may or may not be expressed in words.
let us take first the case when it is not.
this content does not contain in itself any time-determination.
it is only subsequent reflection upon this reference to the past that makes us realize the distinction between the image and the event recollected.
this analysis of memory is probably extremely faulty, but i do not know how to improve it.
it is this relation that we must now investigate.
let us first consider what sort of object a word is when considered simply as a physical thing, apart from its meaning.
to begin with, there are many instances of a word, namely all the different occasions when it is employed.
thus a word is not something unique and particular, but a set of occurrences.
if we confine ourselves to spoken words, a word has two aspects, according as we regard it from the point of view of the speaker or from that of the hearer.
from the point of view of the speaker, a single instance of the use of a word consists of a certain set of movements in the throat and mouth, combined with breath.
from the point of view of the hearer, a single instance of the use of a word consists of a certain series of sounds, each being approximately represented by a single letter in writing, though in practice a letter may represent several sounds, or several letters may represent one sound.
the connection between the spoken word and the word as it reaches the hearer is causal.
then we may say that a single instance of the spoken word consists of a series of movements, and the word consists of a whole set of such series, each member of the set being very similar to each other member.
a single word, accordingly, is by no means simple it is a class of similar series of movements (confining ourselves still to the spoken word).
the instances of a word shade off into other movements by imperceptible degrees.
and exactly analogous observations apply to words heard or written or read.
it is natural to think of the meaning of a word as something conventional.
this, however, is only true with great limitations.
a new word can be added to an existing language by a mere convention, as is done, for instance, with new scientific terms.
but the basis of a language is not conventional, either from the point of view of the individual or from that of the community.
a child learning to speak is learning habits and associations which are just as much determined by the environment as the habit of expecting dogs to bark and cocks to crow.
the community that speaks a language has learnt it, and modified it by processes almost all of which are not deliberate, but the results of causes operating according to more or less ascertainable laws.
if we trace any indo-european language back far enough, we arrive hypothetically (at any rate according to some authorities) at the stage when language consisted only of the roots out of which subsequent words have grown.
how these roots acquired their meanings is not known, but a conventional origin is clearly just as mythical as the social contract by which hobbes and rousseau supposed civil government to have been established.
we can hardly suppose a parliament of hitherto speechless elders meeting together and agreeing to call a cow a cow and a wolf a wolf.
the association of words with their meanings must have grown up by some natural process, though at present the nature of the process is unknown.
spoken and written words are, of course, not the only way of conveying meaning.
ants appear to be able to communicate a certain amount of information by means of their antennae.
probably writing itself, which we now regard as merely a way of representing speech, was originally an independent language, as it has remained to this day in china.
but it would seem that writing nowhere began as an attempt to represent speech it began as a direct pictorial representation of what was to be expressed.
but we must fill in the outline in various ways.
language profoundly affects our thoughts, and it is this aspect of language that is of most importance to us in our present inquiry.
we are almost more concerned with the internal speech that is never uttered than we are with the things said out loud to other people.
when we ask what constitutes meaning, we are not asking what is the meaning of this or that particular word.
but just as it is useful to realize the nature of a word as part of the physical world, so it is useful to realize the sort of thing that a word may mean.
when we are clear both as to what a word is in its physical aspect, and as to what sort of thing it can mean, we are in a better position to discover the relation of the two which is meaning.
the things that words mean differ more than words do.
there are different sorts of words, distinguished by the grammarians; and there are logical distinctions, which are connected to some extent, though not so closely as was formerly supposed, with the grammatical distinctions of parts of speech.
it is easy, however, to be misled by grammar, particularly if all the languages we know belong to one family.
in some languages, according to some authorities, the distinction of parts of speech does not exist; in many languages it is widely different from that to which we are accustomed in the indo-european languages.
these facts have to be borne in mind if we are to avoid giving metaphysical importance to mere accidents of our own speech.
but what we know as a person is not simple.
there is no way of proving that this cannot be the case, but there is also not the slightest reason to suppose that it is the case.
napoleon as he was empirically known consisted of a series of gradually changing appearances: first a squalling baby, then a boy, then a slim and beautiful youth, then a fat and slothful person very magnificently dressed this series of appearances, and various occurrences having certain kinds of causal connections with them, constitute napoleon as empirically known, and therefore are napoleon in so far as he forms part of the experienced world.
napoleon is a complicated series of occurrences, bound together by causal laws, not, like instances of a word, by similarities.
thus in the case of a proper name, while the word is a set of similar series of movements, what it means is a series of occurrences bound together by causal laws of that special kind that makes the occurrences taken together constitute what we call one person, or one animal or thing, in case the name applies to an animal or thing instead of to a person.
neither the word nor what it names is one of the ultimate indivisible constituents of the world.
in language there is no direct way of designating one of the ultimate brief existents that go to make up the collections we call things or persons.
but as language was invented for practical ends, particulars have remained one and all without a name.
we are not, in practice, much concerned with the actual particulars that come into our experience in sensation; we are concerned rather with whole systems to which the particulars belong and of which they are signs.
the several members of the class are assembled together in virtue of some similarity or common property.
all men resemble each other in certain important respects; hence we want a word which shall be equally applicable to all of them.
we only give proper names to the individuals of a species when they differ inter se in practically important respects.
two instances of walking have the same name because they resemble each other, whereas two instances of jones have the same name because they are causally connected.
one instance of walking cannot be concentrated into an instant: it is a process in time, in which there is a causal connection between the earlier and later parts, as between the earlier and later parts of jones.
thus an instance of walking differs from an instance of man solely by the fact that it has a shorter life.
there is a notion that an instance of walking, as compared with jones, is unsubstantial, but this seems to be a mistake.
we think that jones walks, and that there could not be any walking unless there were somebody like jones to perform the walking.
but it is equally true that there could be no jones unless there were something like walking for him to do.
the notion that actions are performed by an agent is liable to the same kind of criticism as the notion that thinking needs a subject or ego, which we rejected in lecture i.
to say that it is jones who is walking is merely to say that the walking in question is part of the whole series of occurrences which is jones.
(i am speaking of lightning as a sensible phenomenon, not as it is described in physics.)
the distinction is one of degree, not of kind.
but there is, from the point of view of ordinary thought, a great difference between a process which, like a flash of lightning, can be wholly comprised within one specious present and a process which, like the life of a man, has to be pieced together by observation and memory and the apprehension of causal connections.
we may say broadly, therefore, that a word of the kind we have been discussing denotes a set of similar occurrences, each (as a rule) much more brief and less complex than a person or thing.
words themselves, as we have seen, are sets of similar occurrences of this kind.
thus there is more logical affinity between a word and what it means in the case of words of our present sort than in any other case.
the chief difference is that words of this latter sort do not denote processes, however brief, but static features of the world.
snow falls, and is white; the falling is a process, the whiteness is not.
the meaning of one of these words differs very fundamentally from the meaning of one of any of our previous classes, being more abstract and logically simpler than any of them.
if our business were logic, we should have to spend much time on these words.
but as it is psychology that concerns us, we will merely note their special character and pass on, since the logical classification of words is not our main business.
we may say that a person understands a word when (a) suitable circumstances make him use it, (b) the hearing of it causes suitable behaviour in him.
we may call these two active and passive understanding respectively.
dogs often have passive understanding of some words, but not active understanding, since they cannot use words.
understanding words does not consist in knowing their dictionary definitions, or in being able to specify the objects to which they are appropriate.
such understanding as this may belong to lexicographers and students, but not to ordinary mortals in ordinary life.
understanding language is more like understanding cricket*: it is a matter of habits, acquired in oneself and rightly presumed in others.
to say that a word has a meaning is not to say that those who use the word correctly have ever thought out what the meaning is: the use of the word comes first, and the meaning is to be distilled out of it by observation and analysis.
moreover, the meaning of a word is not absolutely definite: there is always a greater or less degree of vagueness.
the meaning is an area, like a target: it may have a bull's eye, but the outlying parts of the target are still more or less within the meaning, in a gradually diminishing degree as we travel further from the bull's eye.
as language grows more precise, there is less and less of the target outside the bull's eye, and the bull's eye itself grows smaller and smaller; but the bull's eye never shrinks to a point, and there is always a doubtful region, however small, surrounding it.
general terms cover an organized, latent knowledge which is the hidden capital without which we should be in a state of bankruptcy, manipulating false money or paper of no value.
the literary definition would substitute, for the average hearer, a person of high education living a long time ago; the purpose of this definition is to make it difficult to speak or write correctly.
the relation of a word to its meaning is of the nature of a causal law governing our use of the word and our actions when we hear it used.
there is no more reason why a person who uses a word correctly should be able to tell what it means than there is why a planet which is moving correctly should know kepler's laws.
thus understanding in this sense may be reduced to mere physiological causal laws.
after this, the rest follows as with the englishman.
but this point is not important in the present connection.
in the fourth case, the word acquires, through association, some of the same causal efficacy as the object.
the effects which a word can share with its object are those which proceed according to laws other than the general laws of physics, i.e.
those which, according to our terminology, involve vital movements as opposed to merely mechanical movements.
so far, all the uses of words that we have considered can be accounted for on the lines of behaviourism.
this is only one of the ways in which language may be used.
there are also its narrative and imaginative uses, as in history and novels.
let us take as an instance the telling of some remembered event.
on a later occasion, we will suppose, the child remembers the incident and relates it to someone else.
in this case, both the active and passive understanding of words is different from what it is when words are used demonstratively.
the whole of this occurrence is much more difficult to account for on behaviourist lines.
it is clear that, in so far as the child is genuinely remembering, he has a picture of the past occurrence, and his words are chosen so as to describe the picture; and in so far as the hearer is genuinely apprehending what is said, the hearer is acquiring a picture more or less like that of the child.
it is true that this process may be telescoped through the operation of the word-habit.
the child may not genuinely remember the incident, but only have the habit of the appropriate words, as in the case of a poem which we know by heart, though we cannot remember learning it.
and the hearer also may only pay attention to the words, and not call up any corresponding picture.
in so far as this is absent, the words are mere counters, capable of meaning, but not at the moment possessing it.
yet this might perhaps be regarded as something of an overstatement.
the words alone, without the use of images, may cause appropriate emotions and appropriate behaviour.
the words have been used in an environment which produced certain emotions; by a telescoped process, the words alone are now capable of producing similar emotions.
on these lines it might be sought to show that images are unnecessary.
i do not believe, however, that we could account on these lines for the entirely different response produced by a narrative and by a description of present facts.
images, as contrasted with sensations, are the response expected during a narrative; it is understood that present action is not called for.
thus it seems that we must maintain our distinction words used demonstratively describe and are intended to lead to sensations, while the same words used in narrative describe and are only intended to lead to images.
we have thus, in addition to our four previous ways in which words can mean, two new ways, namely the way of memory and the way of imagination.
if we are right, the use of words in thinking depends, at least in its origin, upon images, and cannot be fully dealt with on behaviourist lines.
and this is really the most essential function of words, namely that, originally through their connection with images, they bring us into touch with what is remote in time or space.
when they operate without the medium of images, this seems to be a telescoped process.
thus the problem of the meaning of words is brought into connection with the problem of the meaning of images.
the causes of the occurrence of words require somewhat different treatment according as the object designated by the word is sensibly present or absent.
when the object is present, it may itself be taken as the cause of the word, through association.
but when it is absent there is more difficulty in obtaining a behaviourist theory of the occurrence of the word.
the language-habit consists not merely in the use of words demonstratively, but also in their use to express narrative or desire.
professor watson, in his account of the acquisition of the language-habit, pays very little attention to the use of words in narrative and desire.
by movements such as opening and closing and putting objects into it, may serve to illustrate our argument.
the nurse, observing that the child reacts with his hands, feet, etc., to the box, begins to say 'box' when the child is handed the box, 'open box' when the child opens it, 'close box' when he closes it, and 'put doll in box' when that act is executed.
in the process of time it comes about that without any other stimulus than that of the box which originally called out the bodily habits, he begins to say 'box' when he sees it, 'open box' when he opens it, etc.
the visible box now becomes a stimulus capable of releasing either the bodily habits or the word-habit, i.e.
he runs to it and tries to reach it and says 'box.'...
finally the word is uttered without the movement of going towards the box being executed....
habits are formed of going to the box when the arms are full of toys.
the child has been taught to deposit them there.
when his arms are laden with toys and no box is there, the word-habit arises and he calls 'box'; it is handed to him, and he opens it and deposits the toys therein.
* * just the same account of language is given in professor watson's more recent book (reference above).
this is inadequate as it stands, since the habit has been to use the word when the box is present, and we have to explain its extension to cases in which the box is absent.
this may or may not be true--in fact, it is true in some cases but not in others.
even, however, if it were true in all cases, it would only slightly shift our problem: we should now have to ask what causes an image of the box to arise.
we might be inclined to say that desire for the box is the cause.
this will require a theory of desire which may be, and i think is, in the main true, but which removes desire from among things that actually occur, and makes it merely a convenient fiction, like force in mechanics.
* with such a view, desire is no longer a true cause, but merely a short way of describing certain processes.
one of the laws which distinguish psychology (or nerve-physiology?)
from physics is the law that, when two things have frequently existed in close temporal contiguity, either comes in time to cause the other.
* this is the basis both of habit and of association.
the box itself is subject to physical laws, and does not tend to be caused by the arms full of toys, however often it may in the past have followed them--always provided that, in the case in question, its physical position is such that voluntary movements cannot lead to it.
and we may lay it down generally that, whenever we use a word, either aloud or in inner speech, there is some sensation or image (either of which may be itself a word) which has frequently occurred at about the same time as the word, and now, through habit, causes the word.
it follows that the law of habit is adequate to account for the use of words in the absence of their objects; moreover, it would be adequate even without introducing images.
although, therefore, images seem undeniable, we cannot derive an additional argument in their favour from the use of words, which could, theoretically, be explained without introducing images.
images may cause us to use words which mean them, and these words, heard or read, may in turn cause the appropriate images.
thus speech is a means of producing in our hearers the images which are in us.
also, by a telescoped process, words come in time to produce directly the effects which would have been produced by the images with which they were associated.
the general law of telescoped processes is that, if a causes b and b causes c, it will happen in time that a will cause c directly, without the intermediary of b.
this is a characteristic of psychological and neural causation.
in virtue of this law, the effects of images upon our actions come to be produced by words, even when the words do not call up appropriate images.
we may, for example, be able to describe a person's appearance correctly without having at any time had any image of him, provided, when we saw him, we thought of words which fitted him; the words alone may remain with us as a habit, and enable us to speak as if we could recall a visual image of the man.
in this and other ways the understanding of a word often comes to be quite free from imagery; but in first learning the use of language it would seem that imagery always plays a very important part.
but it is not at all easy to say exactly what constitutes the meaning of an image.
a memory-image of a particular occurrence, when accompanied by a memory-belief, may be said to mean the occurrence of which it is an image.
but most actual images do not have this degree of definiteness.
if we call up an image of a dog, we are very likely to have a vague image, which is not representative of some one special dog, but of dogs in general.
when we call up an image of a friend's face, we are not likely to reproduce the expression he had on some one particular occasion, but rather a compromise expression derived from many occasions.
and there is hardly any limit to the vagueness of which images are capable.
in such cases, the meaning of the image, if defined by relation to the prototype, is vague: there is not one definite prototype, but a number, none of which is copied exactly.
there is, however, another way of approaching the meaning of images, namely through their causal efficacy.
this applies especially to the effects that depend upon association.
the emotional effects, also, are often similar: images may stimulate desire almost as strongly as do the objects they represent.
and conversely desire may cause images*: a hungry man will have images of food, and so on.
an image may thus come to fulfil the function of a general idea.
the vague image of a dog, which we spoke of a moment ago, will have effects which are only connected with dogs in general, not the more special effects which would be produced by some dogs but not by others.
berkeley and hume, in their attack on general ideas, do not allow for the vagueness of images: they assume that every image has the definiteness that a physical object would have this is not the case, and a vague image may well have a meaning which is general.
* this phrase is in need of interpretation, as appears from the analysis of desire.
but the reader can easily supply the interpretation for himself.
if there were such a thing as a pure imagination-image, without any prototype whatever, it would be destitute of meaning.
but according to hume's principle, the simple elements in an image, at least, are derived from prototypes-except possibly in very rare exceptional cases.
often, in such instances as our image of a friend's face or of a nondescript dog, an image is not derived from one prototype, but from many; when this happens, the image is vague, and blurs the features in which the various prototypes differ.
to arrive at the meaning of the image in such a case, we observe that there are certain respects, notably associations, in which the effects of images resemble those of their prototypes.
the meaning of an image, according to this analysis, is constituted by a combination of likeness and associations.
it is not a sharp or definite conception, and in many cases it will be impossible to decide with any certainty what an image means.
i think this lies in the nature of things, and not in defective analysis.
we may give somewhat more precision to the above account of the meaning of images, and extend it to meaning in general.
in that case we say that the image or word means that object.
in other cases the mnemic effects are not all those of one object, but only those shared by objects of a certain kind, e.g.
in this case the meaning of the image or word is general: it means the whole kind.
generality and particularity are a matter of degree.
if two particulars differ sufficiently little, their mnemic effects will be the same; therefore no image or word can mean the one as opposed to the other; this sets a bound to the particularity of meaning.
the meaning of a word, unlike that of an image, is wholly constituted by mnemic causal laws, and not in any degree by likeness (except in exceptional cases).
it is much easier to say definitely what a word means than what an image means, since words, however they originated, have been framed in later times for the purpose of having meaning, and men have been engaged for ages in giving increased precision to the meanings of words.
but although it is easier to say what a word means than what an image means, the relation which constitutes meaning is much the same in both cases.
a word, like an image, has the same associations as its meaning has.
in addition to other associations, it is associated with images of its meaning, so that the word tends to call up the image and the image tends to call up the word., but this association is not essential to the intelligent use of words.
if a word has the right associations with other objects, we shall be able to use it correctly, and understand its use by others, even if it evokes no image.
the theoretical understanding of words involves only the power of associating them correctly with other words; the practical understanding involves associations with other bodily movements.
the use of words is, of course, primarily social, for the purpose of suggesting to others ideas which we entertain or at least wish them to entertain.
but the aspect of words that specially concerns us is their power of promoting our own thought.
almost all higher intellectual activity is a matter of words, to the nearly total exclusion of everything else.
the advantages of words for purposes of thought are so great that i should never end if i were to enumerate them.
but a few of them deserve to be mentioned.
in the first place, there is no difficulty in producing a word, whereas an image cannot always be brought into existence at will, and when it comes it often contains much irrelevant detail.
in the second place, much of our thinking is concerned with abstract matters which do not readily lend themselves to imagery, and are apt to be falsely conceived if we insist upon finding images that may be supposed to represent them.
the word is always concrete and sensible, however abstract its meaning may be, and thus by the help of words we are able to dwell on abstractions in a way which would otherwise be impossible.
in the third place, two instances of the same word are so similar that neither has associations not capable of being shared by the other.
when a number of objects have a common property which is important but not obvious, the invention of a name for the common property helps us to remember it and to think of the whole set of objects that possess it.
but it is unnecessary to prolong the catalogue of the uses of language in thought.
at the same time, it is possible to conduct rudimentary thought by means of images, and it is important, sometimes, to check purely verbal thought by reference to what it means.
in philosophy especially the tyranny of traditional words is dangerous, and we have to be on our guard against assuming that grammar is the key to metaphysics, or that the structure of a sentence corresponds at all accurately with the structure of the fact that it asserts.
sayce maintained that all european philosophy since aristotle has been dominated by the fact that the philosophers spoke indo-european languages, and therefore supposed the world, like the sentences they were used to, necessarily divisible into subjects and predicates.
when we come to the consideration of truth and falsehood, we shall see how necessary it is to avoid assuming too close a parallelism between facts and the sentences which assert them.
against such errors, the only safeguard is to be able, once in a way, to discard words for a moment and contemplate facts more directly through images.
most serious advances in philosophic thought result from some such comparatively direct contemplation of facts.
but the outcome has to be expressed in words if it is to be communicable.
those who have a relatively direct vision of facts are often incapable of translating their vision into words, while those who possess the words have usually lost the vision.
it is partly for this reason that the highest philosophical capacity is so rare: it requires a combination of vision with abstract words which is hard to achieve, and too quickly lost in the few who have for a moment achieved it.
in this it is supposed to differ from the mind of animals.
the thing we have to consider to-day is this: seeing that there certainly are words of which the meaning is abstract, and seeing that we can use these words intelligently, what must be assumed or inferred, or what can be discovered by observation, in the way of mental content to account for the intelligent use of abstract words?
taken as a problem in logic, the answer is, of course, that absolutely nothing in the way of abstract mental content is inferable from the mere fact that we can use intelligently words of which the meaning is abstract.
correct speech does not of itself afford any better evidence of mental content than the performance of any other set of biologically useful movements, such as those of flight or combat.
all that is inferable from language is that two instances of a universal, even when they differ very greatly, may cause the utterance of two instances of the same word which only differ very slightly.
the use of words is thus a method of substituting for two particulars which differ widely, in spite of being instances of the same universal, two other particulars which differ very little, and which are also instances of a universal, namely the name of the previous universal.
thus, so far as logic is concerned, we are entirely free to adopt any theory as to general ideas which empirical observation may recommend.
they meant by an idea approximately what we should call an image.
locke having maintained that he could form an idea of triangle in general, without deciding what sort of triangle it was to be, berkeley contended that this was impossible.
i find, indeed, i have indeed a faculty of imagining, or representing to myself, the ideas of those particular things i have perceived, and of variously compounding and dividing them.
i can imagine a man with two heads, or the upper parts of a man joined to the body of a horse.
i can consider the hand, the eye, the nose, each by itself abstracted or separated from the rest of the body.
but, then, whatever hand or eye i imagine, it must have some particular shape and colour.
likewise the idea of a man that i frame to myself must be either of a white, or a black, or a tawny, a straight, or a crooked, a tall, or a low, or a middle-sized man.
i cannot by any effort of thought conceive the abstract idea above described.
and it is equally impossible for me to form the abstract idea of motion distinct from the body moving, and which is neither swift nor slow, curvilinear nor rectilinear; and the like may be said of all other abstract general ideas whatsoever.
to be plain, i own myself able to abstract in one sense, as when i consider some particular parts of qualities separated from others, with which, though they are united in some object, yet it is possible they may really exist without them.
and there is ground to think most men will acknowledge themselves to be in my case.
it is said they are difficult and not to be attained without pains and study; we may therefore reasonably conclude that, if such there be, they are confined only to the learned.
there has been a late excellent and deservedly esteemed philosopher who, no doubt, has given it very much countenance, by seeming to think the having abstract general ideas is what puts the widest difference in point of understanding betwixt man and beast.
'the having of general ideas,' saith he, 'is that which puts a perfect distinction betwixt man and brutes, and is an excellency which the faculties of brutes do by no means attain unto.
for, it is evident we observe no footsteps in them of making use of general signs for universal ideas; from which we have reason to imagine that they have not the faculty of abstracting, or making general ideas, since they have no use of words or any other general signs.'
and a little after: 'therefore, i think, we may suppose that it is in this that the species of brutes are discriminated from men, and it is that proper difference wherein they are wholly separated, and which at last widens to so wide a distance.
for, if they have any ideas at all, and are not bare machines (as some would have them), we cannot deny them to have some reason.
it seems as evident to me that they do, some of them, in certain instances reason as that they have sense; but it is only in particular ideas, just as they receive them from their senses.
they are the best of them tied up within those narrow bounds, and have not (as i think) the faculty to enlarge them by any kind of abstraction.
i readily agree with this learned author, that the faculties of brutes can by no means attain to abstraction.
but, then, if this be made the distinguishing property of that sort of animals, i fear a great many of those that pass for men must be reckoned into their number.
the reason that is here assigned why we have no grounds to think brutes have abstract general ideas is, that we observe in them no use of words or any other general signs; which is built on this supposition-that the making use of words implies the having general ideas.
from which it follows that men who use language are able to abstract or generalize their ideas.
that this is the sense and arguing of the author will further appear by his answering the question he in another place puts: 'since all things that exist are only particulars, how come we by general terms?'
his answer is: 'words become general by being made the signs of general ideas.'
but it seems that a word becomes general by being made the sign, not of an abstract general idea, but of several particular ideas, any one of which it indifferently suggests to the mind.
for example, when it is said 'the change of motion is proportional to the impressed force,' or that 'whatever has extension is divisible,' these propositions are to be understood of motion and extension in general; and nevertheless it will not follow that they suggest to my thoughts an idea of motion without a body moved, or any determinate direction and velocity, or that i must conceive an abstract general idea of extension, which is neither line, surface, nor solid, neither great nor small, black, white, nor red, nor of any other determinate colour.
it is only implied that whatever particular motion i consider, whether it be swift or slow, perpendicular, horizontal, or oblique, or in whatever object, the axiom concerning it holds equally true.
as does the other of every particular extension, it matters not whether line, surface, or solid, whether of this or that magnitude or figure.
now, if we will annex a meaning to our words, and speak only of what we can conceive, i believe we shall acknowledge that an idea which, considered in itself, is particular, becomes general by being made to represent or stand for all other particular ideas of the same sort.
to make this plain by an example, suppose a geometrician is demonstrating the method of cutting a line in two equal parts.
he draws, for instance, a black line of an inch in length: this, which in itself is a particular line, is nevertheless with regard to its signification general, since, as it is there used, it represents all particular lines whatsoever; so that what is demonstrated of it is demonstrated of all lines, or, in other words, of a line in general.
berkeley's view in the above passage, which is essentially the same as hume's, does not wholly agree with modern psychology, although it comes nearer to agreement than does the view of those who believe that there are in the mind single contents which can be called abstract ideas.
the way in which berkeley's view is inadequate is chiefly in the fact that images are as a rule not of one definite prototype, but of a number of related similar prototypes.
at first it may seem to us that a determinate quite concrete picture becomes manifest in us, but just when we are concerned with a person with whom we are in constant contact, we shall find that the ekphored picture has something so to speak generalized.
it is something like those american photographs which seek to display what is general about a type by combining a great number of photographs of different heads over each other on one plate.
in our opinion, the generalizations happen by the homophonic working of different pictures of the same face which we have come across in the most different conditions and situations, once pale, once reddened, once cheerful, once earnest, once in this light, and once in that.
mnemic homophony gives us, without the addition of other processes of thought, a picture of our friend x which is in a certain sense abstract, not the concrete in any one situation, but x cut loose from any particular point of time.
if the circle of ekphored engrams is drawn even more widely, abstract pictures of a higher order appear: for instance, a white man or a negro.
in my opinion, the first form of abstract concepts in general is based upon such abstract pictures.
the physiological abstraction which takes place in the above described manner is a predecessor of purely logical abstraction.
it is necessary, however, to distinguish between the vague and the general.
the question whether this image takes us to the general or not depends, i think, upon the question whether, in addition to the generalized image, we have also particular images of some of the instances out of which it is compounded.
suppose, for example, that on a number of occasions you had seen one negro, and that you did not know whether this one was the same or different on the different occasions.
suppose that in the end you had an abstract memory-image of the different appearances presented by the negro on different occasions, but no memory-image of any one of the single appearances.
if, on the other hand, you have, in addition to the generalized image, particular images of the several appearances, sufficiently clear to be recognized as different, and as instances of the generalized picture, you will then not feel the generalized picture to be adequate to any one particular appearance, and you will be able to make it function as a general idea rather than a vague idea.
if this view is correct, no new general content needs to be added to the generalized image.
what needs to be added is particular images compared and contrasted with the generalized image.
so far as i can judge by introspection, this does occur in practice.
take for example semon's instance of a friend's face.
unless we make some special effort of recollection, the face is likely to come before us with an average expression, very blurred and vague, but we can at will recall how our friend looked on some special occasion when he was pleased or angry or unhappy, and this enables us to realize the generalized character of the vague image.
there is, however, another way of distinguishing between the vague, the particular and the general, and this is not by their content, but by the reaction which they produce.
a word, for example, may be said to be vague when it is applicable to a number of different individuals, but to each as individuals; the name smith, for example, is vague: it is always meant to apply to one man, but there are many men to each of whom it applies.
thus we may say that a word embodies a vague idea when its effects are appropriate to an individual, but are the same for various similar individuals, while a word embodies a general idea when its effects are different from those appropriate to individuals.
in what this difference consists it is, however, not easy to say.
i am inclined to think that it consists merely in the knowledge that no one individual is represented, so that what distinguishes a general idea from a vague idea is merely the presence of a certain accompanying belief.
if this view is correct, a general idea differs from a vague one in a way analogous to that in which a memory-image differs from an imagination-image.
there also we found that the difference consists merely of the fact that a memory-image is accompanied by a belief, in this case as to the past.
it should also be said that our images even of quite particular occurrences have always a greater or a less degree of vagueness.
that is to say, the occurrence might have varied within certain limits without causing our image to vary recognizably.
to arrive at the general it is necessary that we should be able to contrast it with a number of relatively precise images or words for particular occurrences; so long as all our images and words are vague, we cannot arrive at the contrast by which the general is defined.
that intelligence progresses from the indefinite to the definite, and that the vague appears earlier than either the particular or the general.
i think the view which i have been advocating, to the effect that a general idea is distinguished from a vague one by the presence of a judgment, is also that intended by ribot when he says (op.
we know that for logicians (formerly at any rate) the concept is the simple and primitive element; next comes the judgment, uniting two or several concepts; then ratiocination, combining two or several judgments.
a great deal of work professing to be experimental has been done in recent years on the psychology of thought.
for my part i am unable to attach as much importance to this work as many psychologists do.
the method employed appears to me hardly to fulfil the conditions of scientific experiment.
broadly speaking, what is done is, that a set of questions are asked of various people, their answers are recorded, and likewise their own accounts, based upon introspection, of the processes of thought which led them to give those answers.
much too much reliance seems to me to be placed upon the correctness of their introspection.
i am not prepared, like professor watson, to reject it wholly, but i do consider that it is exceedingly fallible and quite peculiarly liable to falsification in accordance with preconceived theory.
it is like depending upon the report of a shortsighted person as to whom he sees coming along the road at a moment when he is firmly convinced that jones is sure to come.
if everybody were shortsighted and obsessed with beliefs as to what was going to be visible, we might have to make the best of such testimony, but we should need to correct its errors by taking care to collect the simultaneous evidence of people with the most divergent expectations.
there is no evidence that this was done in the experiments in question, nor indeed that the influence of theory in falsifying the introspection was at all adequately recognized.
i feel convinced that if professor watson had been one of the subjects of the questionnaires, he would have given answers totally different from those recorded in the articles in question.
titchener quotes an opinion of wundt on these investigations, which appears to me thoroughly justified.
in reality, they are as unmethodical as possible; they possess none of the special features by which we distinguish the introspections of experimental psychology from the casual introspections of everyday life.
my doubts are only increased by the fact that buhler at any rate used trained psychologists as his subjects.
a trained psychologist is, of course, supposed to have acquired the habit of observation, but he is at least equally likely to have acquired a habit of seeing what his theories require.
it is, he says, thoughts in this sense that are essential to thinking.
thinking, he maintains, does not need language or sensuous presentations.
every individual shade of blue colour on the picture that hangs in my room i can think with complete distinctness unsensuously (unanschaulich), provided it is possible that the object should be given to me in another manner than by the help of sensations.
what he calls a thought (gedanke) cannot be reduced, according to him, to other psychic occurrences.
it is clearly essential to the interest of this theory that the thought or rule alluded to by buhler should not need to be expressed in words, for if it is expressed in words it is immediately capable of being dealt with on the lines with which the behaviourists have familiarized us.
it is clear also that the supposed absence of words rests solely upon the introspective testimony of the persons experimented upon.
i cannot think that there is sufficient certainty of their reliability in this negative observation to make us accept a difficult and revolutionary view of thought, merely because they have failed to observe the presence of words or their equivalent in their thinking.
i think it far more likely, especially in view of the fact that the persons concerned were highly educated, that we are concerned with telescoped processes, in which habit has caused a great many intermediate terms to be elided or to be passed over so quickly as to escape observation.
the advocates of imageless thinking are not contending merely that there can be thinking which is purely verbal; they are contending that there can be thinking which proceeds neither in words nor in images.
my own feeling is that they have rashly assumed the presence of thinking in cases where habit has rendered thinking unnecessary.
when thorndike experimented with animals in cages, he found that the associations established were between a sensory stimulus and a bodily movement (not the idea of it), without the need of supposing any non-physiological intermediary (op.
the same thing, it seems to me, applies to ourselves.
a certain sensory situation produces in us a certain bodily movement.
sometimes this movement consists in uttering words.
prejudice leads us to suppose that between the sensory stimulus and the utterance of the words a process of thought must have intervened, but there seems no good reason for such a supposition.
any habitual action, such as eating or dressing, may be performed on the appropriate occasion, without any need of thought, and the same seems to be true of a painfully large proportion of our talk.
what applies to uttered speech applies of course equally to the internal speech which is not uttered.
the question of the nature of our consciousness of the universal is much affected by our view as to the general nature of the relation of consciousness to its object.
if we adopt the view of brentano, according to which all mental content has essential reference to an object, it is then natural to suppose that there is some peculiar kind of mental content of which the object is a universal, as oppose to a particular.
a horse will behave in a certain manner whenever he smells a bear, even if the smell is derived from a bearskin.
this reaction, like that of the horse, is merely closely similar on different occasions where the environment affords instances of the same universal.
words of which the logical meaning is universal can therefore be employed correctly, without anything that could be called consciousness of universals.
such consciousness in the only sense in which it can be said to exist is a matter of reflective judgment consisting in the observation of similarities and differences.
a universal never appears before the mind as a single object in the sort of way in which something perceived appears.
what exists in us consists of various factors, some open to external observation, others only visible to introspection.
the factors open to external observation are primarily habits, having the peculiarity that very similar reactions are produced by stimuli which are in many respects very different from each other.
the verbal reaction is, of course, the most important from the point of view of what may be called knowledge of universals.
our knowledge of these similarities and differences is never exhaustive, and therefore our knowledge of the meaning of a universal is never complete.
in addition to external observable habits (including the habit of words), there is also the generic image produced by the superposition, or, in semon's phrase, homophony, of a number of similar perceptions.
this image is vague so long as the multiplicity of its prototypes is not recognized, but becomes universal when it exists alongside of the more specific images of its instances, and is knowingly contrasted with them.
in this case we find again, as we found when we were discussing words in general in the preceding lecture, that images are not logically necessary in order to account for observable behaviour, i.e.
intelligent speech could exist as a motor habit, without any accompaniment of images, and this conclusion applies to words of which the meaning is universal, just as much as to words of which the meaning is relatively particular.
if this conclusion is valid, it follows that behaviourist psychology, which eschews introspective data, is capable of being an independent science, and of accounting for all that part of the behaviour of other people which is commonly regarded as evidence that they think.
it must be admitted that this conclusion considerably weakens the reliance which can be placed upon introspective data.
they must be accepted simply on account of the fact that we seem to perceive them, not on account of their supposed necessity for explaining the data of external observation.
this, at any rate, is the conclusion to which we are forced, so long as, with the behaviourists, we accept common-sense views of the physical world.
but if, as i have urged, the physical world itself, as known, is infected through and through with subjectivity, if, as the theory of relativity suggests, the physical universe contains the diversity of points of view which we have been accustomed to regard as distinctively psychological, then we are brought back by this different road to the necessity for trusting observations which are in an important sense private.
and it is the privacy of introspective data which causes much of the behaviourists' objection to them.
this is an example of the difficulty of constructing an adequate philosophy of any one science without taking account of other sciences.
the behaviourist philosophy of psychology, though in many respects admirable from the point of view of method, appears to me to fail in the last analysis because it is based upon an inadequate philosophy of physics.
in spite, therefore, of the fact that the evidence for images, whether generic or particular, is merely introspective, i cannot admit that images should be rejected, or that we should minimize their function in our knowledge of what is remote in time or space.
beliefs give knowledge and error; they are the vehicles of truth and falsehood.
psychology, theory of knowledge and metaphysics revolve about belief, and on the view we take of belief our philosophical outlook largely depends.
before embarking upon the detailed analysis of belief, we shall do well to note certain requisites which any theory must fulfil.
and just as meaning consists in relation to the object meant, so truth and falsehood consist in relation to something that lies outside the belief.
you may believe that such-and-such a horse will win the derby.
the time comes, and your horse wins or does not win; according to the outcome, your belief was true or false.
you may believe that six times nine is fifty-six; in this case also there is a fact which makes your belief false.
in the one case your belief is true, in the other false; in either case its truth or falsehood depends upon the actions of columbus, not upon anything present or under your control.
the truth or falsehood of a belief does not depend upon anything intrinsic to the belief, but upon the nature of its relation to its objective.
the intrinsic nature of belief can be treated without reference to what makes it true or false.
it is the intrinsic nature of belief that will concern us to-day.
* this terminology is suggested by meinong, but is not exactly the same as his.
i may believe that columbus crossed the atlantic, that all cretans are liars, that two and two are four, or that nine times six is fifty-six; in all these cases the believing is just the same, and only the contents believed are different.
i may remember my breakfast this morning, my lecture last week, or my first sight of new york.
in all these cases the feeling of memory-belief is just the same, and only what is remembered differs.
exactly similar remarks apply to expectations.
bare assent, memory and expectation are forms of belief; all three are different from what is believed, and each has a constant character which is independent of what is believed.
in lecture i we criticized the analysis of a presentation into act, content and object.
but our analysis of belief contains three very similar elements, namely the believing, what is believed and the objective.
the objections to the act (in the case of presentations) are not valid against the believing in the case of beliefs, because the believing is an actual experienced feeling, not something postulated, like the act.
but it is necessary first to complete our preliminary requisites, and then to examine the content of a belief.
after that, we shall be in a position to return to the question as to what constitutes believing.
the objective of my belief is an event which happened long ago, which i never saw and do not remember.
this event itself is not in my mind when i believe that it happened.
what a man is believing at a given moment is wholly determinate if we know the contents of his mind at that moment; but caesar's crossing of the rubicon was an historical physical event, which is distinct from the present contents of every present mind.
what is believed, however true it may be, is not the actual fact that makes the belief true, but a present event related to the fact.
if caesar and the rubicon cannot be bodily in our thoughts, it might seem as though we must remain cut off from knowledge of them.
but i will say, as a preliminary answer, that the feeling assumes an ideal of knowing which i believe to be quite mistaken.
it assumes, if it is thought out, something like the mystic unity of knower and known.
these two are often said to be combined into a unity by the fact of cognition; hence when this unity is plainly absent, it may seem as if there were no genuine cognition.
for my part, i think such theories and feelings wholly mistaken: i believe knowing to be a very external and complicated relation, incapable of exact definition, dependent upon causal laws, and involving no more unity than there is between a signpost and the town to which it points.
i shall return to this question on a later occasion; for the moment these provisional remarks must suffice.
it is clear that the objective reference of a belief is, in general, in some way derivative from the meanings of the words or images that occur in its content.
there are, however, certain complications which must be borne in mind.
in the first place, it might be contended that a memory-image acquires meaning only through the memory-belief, which would seem, at least in the case of memory, to make belief more primitive than the meaning of images.
in the second place, it is a very singular thing that meaning, which is single, should generate objective reference, which is dual, namely true and false.
this is one of the facts which any theory of belief must explain if it is to be satisfactory.
it is now time to leave these preliminary requisites, and attempt the analysis of the contents of beliefs.
the first thing to notice about what is believed, i.e.
the catalogue of the sorts of things we may believe is infinite, but all of them are complex.
language sometimes conceals the complexity of a belief.
we say that a person believes in god, and it might seem as if god formed the whole content of the belief.
but what is really believed is that god exists, which is very far from being simple.
in like manner all cases where the content of a belief seems simple at first sight will be found, on examination, to confirm the view that the content is always complex.
the content of a belief involves not merely a plurality of constituents, but definite relations between them; it is not determinate when its constituents alone are given.
the content of a belief may consist of words only, or of images only, or of a mixture of the two, or of either or both together with one or more sensations.
it must contain at least one constituent which is a word or an image, and it may or may not contain one or more sensations as constituents.
some examples will make these various possibilities clear.
in either case, present sensation is a constituent.
in this case your belief consists of a sensation and an image suitable related.
it may be objected that what is added consists merely of images without belief.
this is no doubt sometimes the case, but is certainly sometimes not the case.
that belief always occurs in perception as opposed to sensation it is not necessary for us to maintain; it is enough for our purposes to note that it sometimes occurs, and that when it does, the content of our belief consists of a sensation and an image suitably related.
but a mixture of words and images is very common in memory.
here the image and the words together make up the content of the belief.
and when the remembering of an incident has become a habit, it may be purely verbal, and the memory-belief may consist of words alone.
the more complicated forms of belief tend to consist only of words.
often images of various kinds accompany them, but they are apt to be irrelevant, and to form no part of what is actually believed.
for example, in thinking of the solar system, you are likely to have vague images of pictures you have seen of the earth surrounded by clouds, saturn and his rings, the sun during an eclipse, and so on; but none of these form part of your belief that the planets revolve round the sun in elliptical orbits.
the only images that form an actual part of such beliefs are, as a rule, images of words.
it is impossible for a belief to consist of sensations alone, except when, as in the case of words, the sensations have associations which make them signs possessed of meaning.
the reason is that objective reference is of the essence of belief, and objective reference is derived from meaning.
when i speak of a belief consisting partly of sensations and partly of words, i do not mean to deny that the words, when they are not mere images, are sensational, but that they occur as signs, not (so to speak) in their own right.
thus the word occurs in the belief as a symbol, in virtue of its meaning, whereas the noise enters into both the belief and its objective.
it is this that distinguishes the occurrence of words as symbols from the occurrence of sensations in their own right: the objective contains the sensations that occur in their own right, but contains only the meanings of the words that occur as symbols.
for the sake of simplicity, we may ignore the cases in which sensations in their own right form part of the content of a belief, and confine ourselves to images and words.
we may also omit the cases in which both images and words occur in the content of a belief.
thus we become confined to two cases: (a) when the content consists wholly of images, (b) when it consists wholly of words.
the case of mixed images and words has no special importance, and its omission will do no harm.
let us take in illustration a case of memory.
suppose you are thinking of some familiar room.
you may call up an image of it, and in your image the window may be to the left of the door.
without any intrusion of words, you may believe in the correctness of your image.
you may yourself use these words and proceed to believe them.
you thus pass from an image-content to the corresponding word-content.
the content is different in the two cases, but its objective reference is the same.
this shows the relation of image-beliefs to word-beliefs in a very simple case.
in more elaborate cases the relation becomes much less simple.
it may be said that even in this very simple case the objective reference of the word-content is not quite the same as that of the image-content, that images have a wealth of concrete features which are lost when words are substituted, that the window in the image is not a mere window in the abstract, but a window of a certain shape and size, not merely to the left of the door, but a certain distance to the left, and so on.
in reply, it may be admitted at once that there is, as a rule, a certain amount of truth in the objection.
but two points may be urged to minimize its force.
for--and this is our second point--images enter into the content of a belief through the fact that they are capable of meaning, and their meaning does not, as a rule, have as much complexity as they have: some of their characteristics are usually devoid of meaning.
thus it may well be possible to extract in words all that has meaning in an image-content; in that case the word-content and the image-content will have exactly the same objective reference.
a proposition is a series of words (or sometimes a single word) expressing the kind of thing that can be asserted or denied.
given the meanings of separate words, and the rules of syntax, the meaning of a proposition is determinate.
this is the reason why we can understand a sentence we never heard before.
the question of the relation between the meaning of a sentence and the meanings of the separate words is difficult, and i shall not pursue it now; i brought it up solely as being illustrative of the nature of propositions.
thus, in the case of remembering a room in which the window is to the left of the door, when we believe the image-content the proposition will consist of the image of the window on the left together with the image of the door on the right.
we may identify propositions in general with the contents of actual and possible beliefs, and we may say that it is propositions that are true or false.
in logic we are concerned with propositions rather than beliefs, since logic is not interested in what people do in fact believe, but only in the conditions which determine the truth or falsehood of possible beliefs.
whenever possible, except when actual beliefs are in question, it is generally a simplification to deal with propositions.
it would seem that image-propositions are more primitive than word-propositions, and may well ante-date language.
there is no reason why memory-images, accompanied by that very simple belief-feeling which we decided to be the essence of memory, should not have occurred before language arose; indeed, it would be rash to assert positively that memory of this sort does not occur among the higher animals.
our more elementary beliefs, notably those that are added to sensation to make perception, often remain at the level of images.
for example, most of the visual objects in our neighbourhood rouse tactile images: we have a different feeling in looking at a sofa from what we have in looking at a block of marble, and the difference consists chiefly in different stimulation of our tactile imagination.
it may be said that the tactile images are merely present, without any accompanying belief; but i think this view, though sometimes correct, derives its plausibility as a general proposition from our thinking of explicit conscious belief only.
such beliefs display themselves when the expectations that they arouse fail in any way.
for example, if someone puts tea (without milk) into a glass, and you drink it under the impression that it is going to be beer; or if you walk on what appears to be a tiled floor, and it turns out to be a soft carpet made to look like tiles.
the shock of surprise on an occasion of this kind makes us aware of the expectations that habitually enter into our perceptions; and such expectations must be classed as beliefs, in spite of the fact that we do not normally take note of them or put them into words.
i remember once watching a cock pigeon running over and over again to the edge of a looking-glass to try to wreak vengeance on the particularly obnoxious bird whom he expected to find there, judging by what he saw in the glass.
he must have experienced each time the sort of surprise on finding nothing, which is calculated to lead in time to the adoption of berkeley's theory that objects of sense are only in the mind.
his expectation, though not expressed in words, deserved, i think, to be called a belief.
i come now to the question what constitutes believing, as opposed to the content believed.
to begin with, there are various different attitudes that may be taken towards the same content.
let us suppose, for the sake of argument, that you have a visual image of your breakfast-table.
you may expect it while you are dressing in the morning; remember it as you go to your work; feel doubt as to its correctness when questioned as to your powers of visualizing; merely entertain the image, without connecting it with anything external, when you are going to sleep; desire it if you are hungry, or feel aversion for it if you are ill.
these attitudes are not all equally ultimate.
for the present, we are only concerned with such as are cognitive.
in speaking of memory, we distinguished three kinds of belief directed towards the same content, namely memory, expectation and bare assent without any time-determination in the belief-feeling.
but before developing this view, we must examine two other theories which might be held concerning belief, and which, in some ways, would be more in harmony with a behaviourist outlook than the theory i wish to advocate.
we defined the meaning of an image or word by causal efficacy, namely by associations: an image or word acquires meaning, we said, through having the same associations as what it means.
(voluntary movements are defined as those vital movements which are distinguished from reflex movements as involving the higher nervous centres.
nevertheless, it is necessary for our purpose to find some way of distinguishing between voluntary and reflex movements, since the results would be too paradoxical, if we were to say that reflex movements also involve beliefs.)
but my actions will be very different in the two cases: in the first, i shall remain calm; in the second, it is possible that i may not.
it is suggested, by the theory we are considering, that this difference of effects constitutes what is meant by saying that in the second case i believe the proposition suggested, while in the first case i do not.
i do not think this theory is adequate, but i think it is suggestive of truth, and not so easily refutable as it might appear to be at first sight.
it might be objected to the theory that many things which we certainly believe do not call for any bodily movements.
i believe that great britain is an island, that whales are mammals, that charles i was executed, and so on; and at first sight it seems obvious that such beliefs, as a rule, do not call for any action on my part.
but when we investigate the matter more closely, it becomes more doubtful.
we speak as if we always believed that charles i was executed, but that only means that we are always ready to believe it when the subject comes up.
the phenomenon we are concerned to analyse is the active belief, not the permanent disposition.
now, what are the occasions when, we actively believe that charles i was executed?
primarily: examinations, when we perform the bodily movement of writing it down; conversation, when we assert it to display our historical erudition; and political discourses, when we are engaged in showing what soviet government leads to.
in all these cases bodily movements (writing or speaking) result from our belief.
one may set to work to recall some piece of history one has been reading, and what one recalls is believed, although it probably does not cause any bodily movement whatever.
suppose i am invited to become king of georgia: i find the prospect attractive, and go to cook's to buy a third-class ticket to my new realm.
at the last moment i remember charles i and all the other monarchs who have come to a bad end; i change my mind, and walk out without completing the transaction.
but such incidents are rare, and cannot constitute the whole of my belief that charles i was executed.
if this is true, we cannot define belief by the effect on voluntary movements.
there is another, more theoretical, ground for rejecting the view we are examining.
it is clear that a proposition can be either believed or merely considered, and that the content is the same in both cases.
we can expect an egg for breakfast, or merely entertain the supposition that there may be an egg for breakfast.
a moment ago i considered the possibility of being invited to become king of georgia, but i do not believe that this will happen.
now, it seems clear that, since believing and considering have different effects if one produces bodily movements while the other does not, there must be some intrinsic difference between believing and considering*; for if they were precisely similar, their effects also would be precisely similar.
we have seen that the difference between believing a given proposition and merely considering it does not lie in the content; therefore there must be, in one case or in both, something additional to the content which distinguishes the occurrence of a belief from the occurrence of a mere consideration of the same content.
so far as the theoretical argument goes, this additional element may exist only in belief, or only in consideration, or there may be one sort of additional element in the case of belief, and another in the case of consideration.
this brings us to the second view which we have to examine.
in this view belief is not a positive phenomenon, though doubt and disbelief are so.
what we call belief, according to this hypothesis, involves only the appropriate content, which will have the effects characteristic of belief unless something else operating simultaneously inhibits them.
i deny that a man in so far as he imagines [percipit] affirms nothing.
for what is it to imagine a winged horse but to affirm that the horse [that horse, namely] has wings?
the state of mind in which we merely consider a proposition, without believing or disbelieving it, will then appear as a sophisticated product, the result of some rival force adding to the image-proposition a positive feeling which may be called suspense or non-belief--a feeling which may be compared to that of a man about to run a race waiting for the signal.
such a man, though not moving, is in a very different condition from that of a man quietly at rest and so the man who is considering a proposition without believing it will be in a state of tension, restraining the natural tendency to act upon the proposition which he would display if nothing interfered.
in this view belief primarily consists merely in the existence of the appropriate images without any counteracting forces.
there is a great deal to be said in favour of this view, and i have some hesitation in regarding it as inadequate.
it fits admirably with the phenomena of dreams and hallucinatory images, and it is recommended by the way in which it accords with mental development.
doubt, suspense of judgment and disbelief all seem later and more complex than a wholly unreflecting assent.
it is not difficult to suppose that a dog has images (possible olfactory) of his absent master, or of the rabbit that he dreams of hunting.
but it is very difficult to suppose that he can entertain mere imagination-images to which no assent is given.
but although this may be true, it accounts only for some of the simplest phenomena in the region of belief.
it will not, for example, explain memory.
nor can it explain beliefs which do not issue in any proximate action, such as those of mathematics.
i conclude, therefore, that there must be belief-feelings of the same order as those of doubt or disbelief, although phenomena closely analogous to those of belief can be produced by mere uncontradicted images.
it seems to me that there are at least three kinds of belief, namely memory, expectation and bare assent.
each of these i regard as constituted by a certain feeling or complex of sensations, attached to the content believed.
suppose i am believing, by means of images, not words, that it will rain.
we have here two interrelated elements, namely the content and the expectation.
the content consists of images of (say) the visual appearance of rain, the feeling of wetness, the patter of drops, interrelated, roughly, as the sensations would be if it were raining.
thus the content is a complex fact composed of images.
the difference of these cases from each other and from expectation does not lie in the content.
the difference lies in the nature of the belief-feeling.
i, personally, do not profess to be able to analyse the sensations constituting respectively memory, expectation and assent; but i am not prepared to say that they cannot be analysed.
there may be other belief-feelings, for example in disjunction and implication; also a disbelief-feeling.
it is not enough that the content and the belief-feeling should coexist: it is necessary that there should be a specific relation between them, of the sort expressed by saying that the content is what is believed.
if this were not obvious, it could be made plain by an argument.
if the mere co-existence of the content and the belief-feeling sufficed, whenever we were having (say) a memory-feeling we should be remembering any proposition which came into our minds at the same time.
but this is not the case, since we may simultaneously remember one proposition and merely consider another.
we may sum up our analysis, in the case of bare assent to a proposition not expressed in words, as follows: (a) we have a proposition, consisting of interrelated images, and possibly partly of sensations; (b) we have the feeling of assent, which is presumably a complex sensation demanding analysis; (c) we have a relation, actually subsisting, between the assent and the proposition, such as is expressed by saying that the proposition in question is what is assented to.
for other forms of belief-feeling or of content, we have only to make the necessary substitutions in this analysis.
if we are right in our analysis of belief, the use of words in expressing beliefs is apt to be misleading.
in the latter case, but not in the former, the pastness is part of the content believed.
exactly similar remarks apply to the difference between expectation, such as we have when waiting for the thunder after a flash of lightning, and assent to a proposition about the future, such as we have in all the usual cases of inferential knowledge as to what will occur.
i think this difficulty in the verbal expression of the temporal aspects of beliefs is one among the causes which have hampered philosophy in the consideration of time.
the view of belief which i have been advocating contains little that is novel except the distinction of kinds of belief-feeling--such as memory and expectation.
he proceeds to point out that drunkenness, and, still more, nitrous-oxide intoxication, will heighten the sense of belief: in the latter case, he says, a man's very soul may sweat with conviction, and he be all the time utterly unable to say what he is convinced of.
it would seem that, in such cases, the feeling of belief exists unattached, without its usual relation to a content believed, just as the feeling of familiarity may sometimes occur without being related to any definite familiar object.
the feeling of belief, when it occurs in this separated heightened form, generally leads us to look for a content to which to attach it.
much of what passes for revelation or mystic insight probably comes in this way: the belief-feeling, in abnormal strength, attaches itself, more or less accidentally, to some content which we happen to think of at the appropriate moment.
but this is only a speculation, upon which i do not wish to lay too much stress.
from the psychological standpoint, there may be different kinds of belief, and different degrees of certainty, but there cannot be any purely psychological means of distinguishing between true and false beliefs.
a belief is rendered true or false by relation to a fact, which may lie outside the experience of the person entertaining the belief.
truth and falsehood, except in the case of beliefs about our own minds, depend upon the relations of mental occurrences to outside things, and thus take us beyond the analysis of mental occurrences as they are in themselves.
nevertheless, we can hardly avoid the consideration of truth and falsehood.
the question whether our minds are instruments of knowledge, and, if so, in what sense, is so vital that any suggested analysis of mind must be examined in relation to this question.
to ignore this question would be like describing a chronometer without regard to its accuracy as a time-keeper, or a thermometer without mentioning the fact that it measures temperature.
many difficult questions arise in connection with knowledge.
it is difficult to define knowledge, difficult to decide whether we have any knowledge, and difficult, even if it is conceded that we sometimes have knowledge to discover whether we can ever know that we have knowledge in this or that particular case.
i shall divide the discussion into four parts: i.
we may regard knowledge, from a behaviourist standpoint, as exhibited in a certain kind of response to the environment.
this response must have some characteristics which it shares with those of scientific instruments, but must also have others that are peculiar to knowledge.
we shall find that this point of view is important, but not exhaustive of the nature of knowledge.
we may hold that the beliefs that constitute knowledge are distinguished from such as are erroneous or uncertain by properties which are intrinsic either to single beliefs or to systems of beliefs, being in either case discoverable without reference to outside fact.
views of this kind have been widely held among philosophers, but we shall find no reason to accept them.
we believe that some beliefs are true, and some false.
it is obvious that there are circumstances which in fact cause a certainty of this sort, and we wish to learn what we can from examining these circumstances.
finally, there is the formal problem of defining truth and falsehood, and deriving the objective reference of a proposition from the meanings of its component words.
we will consider these four problems in succession.
we may regard a human being as an instrument, which makes various responses to various stimuli.
these two are quite distinct, and even sometimes incompatible.
if i am being pursued by a tiger, accuracy is furthered by turning round to look at him, but appropriateness by running away without making any search for further knowledge of the beast.
i shall return to the question of appropriateness later; for the present it is accuracy that i wish to consider.
when we are viewing a man from the outside, it is not his beliefs, but his bodily movements, that we can observe.
his knowledge must be inferred from his bodily movements, and especially from what he says and writes.
for the present we may ignore beliefs, and regard a man's knowledge as actually consisting in what he says and does.
that is to say, we will construct, as far as possible, a purely behaviouristic account of truth and falsehood.
exactly similar remarks apply to scientific instruments.
i know a certain weather-cock which has the pessimistic habit of always pointing to the north-east.
if you were to see it first on a cold march day, you would think it an excellent weather-cock; but with the first warm day of spring your confidence would be shaken.
the boy and the weather-cock have the same defect: they do not vary their response when the stimulus is varied.
a good instrument, or a person with much knowledge, will give different responses to stimuli which differ in relevant ways.
this is the first point in defining accuracy of response.
we will now assume another boy, who also, when you first question him, asserts that twice two is four.
but with this boy, instead of asking him different questions, you make a practice of asking him the same question every day at breakfast.
you find that he says five, or six, or seven, or any other number at random, and you conclude that he also does not know what twice two is, though by good luck he answered right the first time.
this boy is like a weather-cock which, instead of being stuck fast, is always going round and round, changing without any change of wind.
this boy and weather-cock have the opposite defect to that of the previous pair: they give different responses to stimuli which do not differ in any relevant way.
in connection with vagueness in memory, we already had occasion to consider the definition of accuracy.
what are relevant ways depends upon the nature and purpose of the instrument.
in the case of a weather-cock, the direction of the wind is relevant, but not its strength; in the case of the boy, the meaning of the words of your question is relevant, but not the loudness of your voice, or whether you are his father or his schoolmaster if, however, you were a boy of his own age, that would be relevant, and the appropriate response would be different.
it is clear that knowledge is displayed by accuracy of response to certain kinds of stimuli, e.g.
can we say, conversely, that it consists wholly of such accuracy of response?
i do not think we can; but we can go a certain distance in this direction.
for this purpose we must define more carefully the kind of accuracy and the kind of response that may be expected where there is knowledge.
from our present point of view, it is difficult to exclude perception from knowledge; at any rate, knowledge is displayed by actions based upon perception.
a bird flying among trees avoids bumping into their branches; its avoidance is a response to visual sensations.
for a behaviourist, this must certainly count as knowledge, however it may be viewed by analytic psychology.
in this case, what is known, roughly, is the stimulus; but in more advanced knowledge the stimulus and what is known become different.
for example, you look in your calendar and find that easter will be early next year.
here the stimulus is the calendar, whereas the response concerns the future.
even this can be paralleled among instruments: the behaviour of the barometer has a present stimulus but foretells the future, so that the barometer might be said, in a sense, to know the future.
however that may be, the point i am emphasizing as regards knowledge is that what is known may be quite different from the stimulus, and no part of the cause of the knowledge-response.
it is only in sense-knowledge that the stimulus and what is known are, with qualifications, identifiable.
in knowledge of the future, it is obvious that they are totally distinct, since otherwise the response would precede the stimulus.
in abstract knowledge also they are distinct, since abstract facts have no date.
in knowledge of the past there are complications, which we must briefly examine.
every form of memory will be, from our present point of view, in one sense a delayed response.
but this phrase does not quite clearly express what is meant.
if you light a fuse and connect it with a heap of dynamite, the explosion of the dynamite may be spoken of, in a sense, as a delayed response to your lighting of the fuse.
but that only means that it is a somewhat late portion of a continuous process of which the earlier parts have less emotional interest.
a display of habit has two sorts of causes: (a) the past occurrences which generated the habit, (b) the present occurrence which brings it into play.
when you drop a weight on your toe, and say what you do say, the habit has been caused by imitation of your undesirable associates, whereas it is brought into play by the dropping of the weight.
the great bulk of our knowledge is a habit in this sense: whenever i am asked when i was born, i reply correctly by mere habit.
it would hardly be correct to say that getting born was the stimulus, and that my reply is a delayed response but in cases of memory this way of speaking would have an element of truth.
in an habitual memory, the event remembered was clearly an essential part of the stimulus to the formation of the habit.
the present stimulus which brings the habit into play produces a different response from that which it would produce if the habit did not exist.
therefore the habit enters into the causation of the response, and so do, at one remove, the causes of the habit.
it follows that an event remembered is an essential part of the causes of our remembering.
there is one characteristic which the response must have, namely, it must consist of voluntary movements.
it is clear from many instances that accuracy, in other cases, may be purely mechanical.
the most complete form of accuracy consists in giving correct answers to questions, an achievement in which calculating machines far surpass human beings.
in asking a question of a calculating machine, you must use its language: you must not address it in english, any more than you would address an englishman in chinese.
but as far as mere accuracy goes, the machine leaves nothing to be desired.
accuracy of response is a perfectly clear notion in the case of answers to questions, but in other cases it is much more obscure.
thus iron is sensitive to anything magnetic.
but sensitiveness does not constitute knowledge, and knowledge of a fact which is not sensible is not sensitiveness to that fact, as we have seen in distinguishing the fact known from the stimulus.
as soon as we pass beyond the simple case of question and answer, the definition of knowledge by means of behaviour demands the consideration of purpose.
on the features which distinguish knowledge from accuracy of response in general, not much can be said from a behaviourist point of view without referring to purpose.
so far as accuracy and sensitiveness of response alone are concerned, there would be nothing to choose between these two persons.
a thermometer which went down for warm weather and up for cold might be just as accurate as the usual kind; and a person who always believes falsely is just as sensitive an instrument as a person who always believes truly.
the observable and practical difference between them would be that the one who always believed falsely would quickly come to a bad end.
this illustrates once more that accuracy of response to stimulus does not alone show knowledge, but must be reinforced by appropriateness, i.e.
suitability for realizing one's purpose.
this applies even in the apparently simple case of answering questions: if the purpose of the answers is to deceive, their falsehood, not their truth, will be evidence of knowledge.
the proportion of the combination of appropriateness with accuracy in the definition of knowledge is difficult; it seems that both enter in, but that appropriateness is only required as regards the general type of response, not as regards each individual instance.
i have so far assumed as unquestionable the view that the truth or falsehood of a belief consists in a relation to a certain fact, namely the objective of the belief.
this view has, however, been often questioned.
philosophers have sought some intrinsic criterion by which true and false beliefs could be distinguished.
* i am afraid their chief reason for this search has been the wish to feel more certainty than seems otherwise possible as to what is true and what is false.
if we could discover the truth of a belief by examining its intrinsic characteristics, or those of some collection of beliefs of which it forms part, the pursuit of truth, it is thought, would be a less arduous business than it otherwise appears to be.
but the attempts which have been made in this direction are not encouraging.
if we can show that these are inadequate, we may feel fairly certain that no intrinsic criterion hitherto suggested will suffice to distinguish true from false beliefs.
* the view that such a criterion exists is generally held by those whose views are in any degree derived from hegel.
what takes place may be a process of association of ideas, of imagining, or the like, but is not a process of judging.
an experienced psychologist will be able by careful observation to detect that in this process there is wanting just the specific element of the objective dependence of the predicate upon the subject which is characteristic of a judgment.
one might instance the belief that two and two are four, that two things cannot be in the same place at the same time, nor one thing in two places, or that a particular buttercup that we are seeing is yellow.
the suggestion we are to examine is that such: beliefs have some recognizable quality which secures their truth, and the truth of whatever is deduced from them according to self-evident principles of inference.
if this theory is to be logically tenable, self-evidence must not consist merely in the fact that we believe a proposition.
we believe that our beliefs are sometimes erroneous, and we wish to be able to select a certain class of beliefs which are never erroneous.
if we are to do this, it must be by some mark which belongs only to certain beliefs, not to all; and among those to which it belongs there must be none that are mutually inconsistent.
if, for example, two propositions p and q were self-evident, and it were also self-evident that p and q could not both be true, that would condemn self-evidence as a guarantee of truth.
again, self-evidence must not be the same thing as the absence of doubt or the presence of complete certainty.
if we are completely certain of a proposition, we do not seek a ground to support our belief.
if self-evidence is alleged as a ground of belief, that implies that doubt has crept in, and that our self-evident proposition has not wholly resisted the assaults of scepticism.
to say that any given person believes some things so firmly that he cannot be made to doubt them is no doubt true.
such beliefs he will be willing to use as premisses in reasoning, and to him personally they will seem to have as much evidence as any belief can need.
but among the propositions which one man finds indubitable there will be some that another man finds it quite possible to doubt.
it used to seem self-evident that there could not be men at the antipodes, because they would fall off, or at best grow giddy from standing on their heads.
but new zealanders find the falsehood of this proposition self-evident.
therefore, if self-evidence is a guarantee of truth, our ancestors must have been mistaken in thinking their beliefs about the antipodes self-evident.
meinong meets this difficulty by saying that some beliefs are falsely thought to be self-evident, but in the case of others it is self-evident that they are self-evident, and these are wholly reliable.
even this, however, does not remove the practical risk of error, since we may mistakenly believe it self-evident that a certain belief is self-evident.
to remove all risk of error, we shall need an endless series of more and more complicated self-evident beliefs, which cannot possibly be realized in practice.
it would seem, therefore, that self-evidence is useless as a practical criterion for insuring truth.
the same result follows from examining instances.
if we take the four instances mentioned at the beginning of this discussion, we shall find that three of them are logical, while the fourth is a judgment of perception.
the proposition that two and two are four follows by purely logical deduction from definitions: that means that its truth results, not from the properties of objects, but from the meanings of symbols.
now symbols, in mathematics, mean what we choose; thus the feeling of self-evidence, in this case, seems explicable by the fact that the whole matter is within our control.
i do not wish to assert that this is the whole truth about mathematical propositions, for the question is complicated, and i do not know what the whole truth is.
but i do wish to suggest that the feeling of self-evidence in mathematical propositions has to do with the fact that they are concerned with the meanings of symbols, not with properties of the world such as external observation might reveal.
similar considerations apply to the impossibility of a thing being in two places at once, or of two things being in one place at the same time.
these impossibilities result logically, if i am not mistaken, from the definitions of one thing and one place.
that is to say, they are not laws of physics, but only part of the intellectual apparatus which we have manufactured for manipulating physics.
their self-evidence, if this is so, lies merely in the fact that they represent our decision as to the use of words, not a property of physical objects.
the simplest kind of judgment underlying the perception that a buttercup is yellow would seem to be the perception of similarity in two colours seen simultaneously.
suppose we are seeing two buttercups, and we perceive that their colours are similar.
this similarity is a physical fact, not a matter of symbols or words; and it certainly seems to be indubitable in a way that many judgments are not.
the first thing to observe, in regard to such judgments, is that as they stand they are vague.
to make our proposition more precise, let us suppose that we are also seeing a red rose at the same time.
then we may judge that the colours of the buttercups are more similar to each other than to the colour of the rose.
this judgment seems more complicated, but has certainly gained in precision.
even now, however, it falls short of complete precision, since similarity is not prima facie measurable, and it would require much discussion to decide what we mean by greater or less similarity.
to this process of the pursuit of precision there is strictly no limit.
the next thing to observe (although i do not personally doubt that most of our judgments of perception are true) is that it is very difficult to define any class of such judgments which can be known, by its intrinsic quality, to be always exempt from error.
most of our judgments of perception involve correlations, as when we judge that a certain noise is that of a passing cart.
such judgments are all obviously liable to error, since there is no correlation of which we have a right to be certain that it is invariable.
all such judgments entail some risk of error, though sometimes perhaps a very small one; some flowers that look like buttercups are marigolds, and colours that some would call yellow others might call orange.
our subjective certainty is usually a result of habit, and may lead us astray in circumstances which are unusual in ways of which we are unaware.
for such reasons, no form of self-evidence seems to afford an absolute criterion of truth.
nevertheless, it is perhaps true that judgments having a high degree of subjective certainty are more apt to be true than other judgments.
but if this be the case, it is a result to be demonstrated, not a premiss from which to start in defining truth and falsehood.
as an initial guarantee, therefore, neither self-evidence nor subjective certainty can be accepted as adequate.
according to this view, any set of propositions other than the whole of truth can be condemned on purely logical grounds, as internally inconsistent; a single proposition, if it is what we should ordinarily call false, contradicts itself irremediably, while if it is what we should ordinarily call true, it has implications which compel us to admit other propositions, which in turn lead to others, and so on, until we find ourselves committed to the whole of truth.
we cannot logically conceive of a universe in which this proposition constituted the whole of truth.
there must be also someone who is a married woman, and who is married to the particular man in question.
but everything, according to this view, is relative, not to one or two other things, but to all other things, so that from one bit of truth the whole can be inferred.
the fundamental objection to this view is logical, and consists in a criticism of its doctrine as to relations.
i shall omit this line of argument, which i have developed elsewhere.
* for the moment i will content myself with saying that the powers of logic seem to me very much less than this theory supposes.
if it were taken seriously, its advocates ought to profess that any one truth is logically inferable from any other, and that, for example, the fact that caesar conquered gaul, if adequately considered, would enable us to discover what the weather will be to-morrow.
no such claim is put forward in practice, and the necessity of empirical observation is not denied; but according to the theory it ought to be.
another objection is that no endeavour is made to show that we cannot form a consistent whole composed partly or wholly of false propositions, as in a novel.
leibniz's conception of many possible worlds seems to accord much better with modern logic and with the practical empiricism which is now universal.
the attempt to deduce the world by pure thought is attractive, and in former times was largely supposed capable of success.
but nowadays most men admit that beliefs must be tested by observation, and not merely by the fact that they harmonize with other beliefs.
a consistent fairy-tale is a different thing from truth, however elaborate it may be.
but to pursue this topic would lead us into difficult technicalities; i shall therefore assume, without further argument, that coherence is not sufficient as a definition of truth.
many difficult problems arise as regards the verifiability of beliefs.
we believe various things, and while we believe them we think we know them.
but it sometimes turns out that we were mistaken, or at any rate we come to think we were.
we must be mistaken either in our previous opinion or in our subsequent recantation; therefore our beliefs are not all correct, and there are cases of belief which are not cases of knowledge.
the question of verifiability is in essence this: can we discover any set of beliefs which are never mistaken or any test which, when applicable, will always enable us to discriminate between true and false beliefs?
put thus broadly and abstractly, the answer must be negative.
there is no way hitherto discovered of wholly eliminating the risk of error, and no infallible criterion.
if we believe we have found a criterion, this belief itself may be mistaken; we should be begging the question if we tried to test the criterion by applying the criterion to itself.
but although the notion of an absolute criterion is chimerical, there may be relative criteria, which increase the probability of truth.
common sense and science hold that there are.
one of the plainest cases of verification, perhaps ultimately the only case, consists in the happening of something expected.
you go to the station believing that there will be a train at a certain time; you find the train, you get into it, and it starts at the expected time this constitutes verification, and is a perfectly definite experience.
it is, in a sense, the converse of memory instead of having first sensations and then images accompanied by belief, we have first images accompanied by belief and then sensations.
apart from differences as to the time-order and the accompanying feelings, the relation between image and sensation is closely similar in the two cases of memory and expectation; it is a relation of similarity, with difference as to causal efficacy--broadly, the image has the psychological but not the physical effects that the sensation would have.
the experience of verification in this sense is exceedingly familiar; it happens every time that accustomed activities have results that are not surprising, in eating and walking and talking and all our daily pursuits.
but although the experience in question is common, it is not wholly easy to give a theoretical account of it.
how do we know that the sensation resembles the previous image?
does the image persist in presence of the sensation, so that we can compare the two?
it does not seem as if this line of inquiry offered much hope of a successful issue.
it is better, i think, to take a more external and causal view of the relation of expectation to expected occurrence.
if the occurrence, when it comes, gives us the feeling of expectedness, and if the expectation, beforehand, enabled us to act in a way which proves appropriate to the occurrence, that must be held to constitute the maximum of verification.
we have first an expectation, then a sensation with the feeling of expectedness related to memory of the expectation.
this whole experience, when it occurs, may be defined as verification, and as constituting the truth of the expectation.
appropriate action, during the period of expectation, may be regarded as additional verification, but is not essential.
the whole process may be illustrated by looking up a familiar quotation, finding it in the expected words, and in the expected part of the book.
in this case we can strengthen the verification by writing down beforehand the words which we expect to find.
i think all verification is ultimately of the above sort.
we verify a scientific hypothesis indirectly, by deducing consequences as to the future, which subsequent experience confirms.
if somebody were to doubt whether caesar had crossed the rubicon, verification could only be obtained from the future.
we could proceed to display manuscripts to our historical sceptic, in which it was said that caesar had behaved in this way.
we could advance arguments, verifiable by future experience, to prove the antiquity of the manuscript from its texture, colour, etc.
we could find inscriptions agreeing with the historian on other points, and tending to show his general accuracy.
the causal laws which our arguments would assume could be verified by the future occurrence of events inferred by means of them.
the existence and persistence of causal laws, it is true, must be regarded as a fortunate accident, and how long it will continue we cannot tell.
meanwhile verification remains often practically possible.
and since it is sometimes possible, we can gradually discover what kinds of beliefs tend to be verified by experience, and what kinds tend to be falsified; to the former kinds we give an increased degree of assent, to the latter kinds a diminished degree.
the process is not absolute or infallible, but it has been found capable of sifting beliefs and building up science.
it affords no theoretical refutation of the sceptic, whose position must remain logically unassailable; but if complete scepticism is rejected, it gives the practical method by which the system of our beliefs grows gradually towards the unattainable ideal of impeccable knowledge.
i come now to the purely formal definition of the truth or falsehood of a belief.
for this definition it is necessary first of all to consider the derivation of the objective reference of a proposition from the meanings of its component words or images.
just as a word has meaning, so a proposition has an objective reference.
the objective reference of a proposition is a function (in the mathematical sense) of the meanings of its component words.
but the objective reference differs from the meaning of a word through the duality of truth and falsehood.
if to-day is not tuesday, this fact is the objective of your belief that to-day is tuesday.
but obviously the relation of your belief to the fact is different in this case from what it is in the case when to-day is tuesday.
thus the objective reference of a belief is not determined by the fact alone, but by the direction of the belief towards or away from the fact.
* if, on a tuesday, one man believes that it is tuesday while another believes that it is not tuesday, their beliefs have the same objective, namely the fact that it is tuesday but the true belief points towards the fact while the false one points away from it.
thus, in order to define the reference of a proposition we have to take account not only of the objective, but also of the direction of pointing, towards the objective in the case of a true proposition and away from it in the case of a false one.
* i owe this way of looking at the matter to my friend ludwig wittgenstein.
this mode of stating the nature of the objective reference of a proposition is necessitated by the circumstance that there are true and false propositions, but not true and false facts.
this is the reason why two beliefs which are each other's contradictories have the same objective.
there is, however, a practical inconvenience, namely that we cannot determine the objective reference of a proposition, according to this definition, unless we know whether the proposition is true or false.
by this hypothetical form we are able to speak of the meaning of a proposition without knowing whether it is true or false.
according to this definition, we know the meaning of a proposition when we know what would make it true and what would make it false, even if we do not know whether it is in fact true or false.
the meaning of a proposition is derivative from the meanings of its constituent words.
two such propositions have the same objective, but opposite meanings: when one is true, the other is false, and when one is false, the other is true.
the purely formal definition of truth and falsehood offers little difficulty.
what is required is a formal expression of the fact that a proposition is true when it points towards its objective, and false when it points away from it, in very simple cases we can give a very simple account of this: we can say that true propositions actually resemble their objectives in a way in which false propositions do not.
but for this purpose it is necessary to revert to image-propositions instead of word-propositions.
let us take again the illustration of a memory-image of a familiar room, and let us suppose that in the image the window is to the left of the door.
if in fact the window is to the left of the door, there is a correspondence between the image and the objective; there is the same relation between the window and the door as between the images of them.
the image-memory consists of the image of the window to the left of the image of the door.
when this is true, the very same relation relates the terms of the objective (namely the window and the door) as relates the images which mean them.
in this case the correspondence which constitutes truth is very simple.
in the case we have just been considering the objective consists of two parts with a certain relation (that of left-to-right), and the proposition consists of images of these parts with the very same relation.
the same proposition, if it were false, would have a less simple formal relation to its objective.
if the image-proposition consists of an image of the window to the left of an image of the door, while in fact the window is not to the left of the door, the proposition does not result from the objective by the mere substitution of images for their prototypes.
perhaps it may be possible to modify this notion of formal correspondence in such a way as to be more widely applicable, but if so, the modifications required will be by no means slight.
the reasons for this must now be considered.
to begin with, the simple type of correspondence we have been exhibiting can hardly occur when words are substituted for images, because, in word-propositions, relations are usually expressed by words, which are not themselves relations.
of course, it would be perfectly possible, theoretically, to indicate a few chosen relations, not by words, but by relations between the other words.
but the possibilities of such a method would be very limited.
for aught i know, there may be languages that use it, but they are not among the languages with which i am acquainted.
and in any case, in view of the multiplicity of relations that we wish to express, no language could advance far without words for relations.
but as soon as we have words for relations, word-propositions have necessarily more terms than the facts to which they refer, and cannot therefore correspond so simply with their objectives as some image-propositions can.
the consideration of negative propositions and negative facts introduces further complications.
but we can form no image of the fact that the window is not to the left of the door.
attempts have often been made to deny such negative facts, but, for reasons which i have given elsewhere,* i believe these attempts to be mistaken, and i shall assume that there are negative facts.
word-propositions, like image-propositions, are always positive facts.
a negative fact is not sensible, and language, being intended for communication, has to be sensible.
the propositions asserting negative facts are themselves positive facts; they are merely different positive facts from those asserting positive facts.
we have thus, as regards the opposition of positive and negative, three different sorts of duality, according as we are dealing with facts, image-propositions, or word-propositions.
owing to these complications, the simplest type of correspondence is impossible when either negative facts or negative propositions are involved.
even when we confine ourselves to relations between two terms which are both imaged, it may be impossible to form an image-proposition in which the relation of the terms is represented by the same relation of the images.
we can form visual images of sunshine and moonshine, and it may happen that our image of the sunshine is the brighter of the two, but this is by no means either necessary or sufficient.
the act of comparison, implied in our judgment, is something more than the mere coexistence of two images, one of which is in fact brighter than the other.
it would take us too far from our main topic if we were to go into the question what actually occurs when we make this judgment.
enough has been said to show that the correspondence between the belief and its objective is more complicated in this case than in that of the window to the left of the door, and this was all that had to be proved.
in spite of these complications, the general nature of the formal correspondence which makes truth is clear from our instances.
if the result of this process is a fact, the proposition is true; if not, it is false.
more complicated propositions can be dealt with on the same lines.
in fact, the purely formal question, which has occupied us in this last section, offers no very formidable difficulties.
i do not believe that the above formal theory is untrue, but i do believe that it is inadequate.
it does not, for example, throw any light upon our preference for true beliefs rather than false ones.
this preference is only explicable by taking account of the causal efficacy of beliefs, and of the greater appropriateness of the responses resulting from true beliefs.
but appropriateness depends upon purpose, and purpose thus becomes a vital part of theory of knowledge.
emotions are traditionally regarded by psychologists as a separate class of mental occurrences: i am, of course, not concerned to deny the obvious fact that they have characteristics which make a special investigation of them necessary.
what i am concerned with is the analysis of emotions.
it is clear that an emotion is essentially complex, and we have to inquire whether it ever contains any non-physiological material not reducible to sensations and images and their relations.
although what specially concerns us is the analysis of emotions, we shall find that the more important topic is the physiological causation of emotions.
this is a subject upon which much valuable and exceedingly interesting work has been done, whereas the bare analysis of emotions has proved somewhat barren.
in view of the fact that we have defined perceptions, sensations, and images by their physiological causation, it is evident that our problem of the analysis of the emotions is bound up with the problem of their physiological causation.
modern views on the causation of emotions begin with what is called the james-lange theory.
common sense says: we lose our fortune, are sorry and weep; we meet a bear, are frightened and run; we are insulted by a rival, are angry and strike.
the hypothesis here to be defended says that this order of sequence is incorrect, that the one mental state is not immediately induced by the other, that the bodily manifestations must first be interposed between, and that the more rational statement is that we feel sorry because we cry, angry because we strike, afraid because we tremble, and not that we cry, strike, or tremble, because we are sorry, angry, or fearful, as the case may be.
round this hypothesis a very voluminous literature has grown up.
sherrington, by experiments on dogs, showed that many of the usual marks of emotion were present in their behaviour even when, by severing the spinal cord in the lower cervical region, the viscera were cut off from all communication with the brain, except that existing through certain cranial nerves.
angell suggests that the display of emotion in such cases may be due to past experience, generating habits which would require only the stimulation of cerebral reflex arcs.
rage and some forms of fear, however, may, he thinks, gain expression without the brain.
rage and fear have been especially studied by cannon, whose work is of the greatest importance.
the most interesting part of cannon's book consists in the investigation of the effects produced by secretion of adrenin.
adrenin is a substance secreted into the blood by the adrenal glands.
these are among the ductless glands, the functions of which, both in physiology and in connection with the emotions, have only come to be known during recent years.
cannon found that pain, fear and rage occurred in circumstances which affected the supply of adrenin, and that an artificial injection of adrenin could, for example, produce all the symptoms of fear.
he studied the effects of adrenin on various parts of the body; he found that it causes the pupils to dilate, hairs to stand erect, blood vessels to be constricted, and so on.
these effects were still produced if the parts in question were removed from the body and kept alive artificially.
cannon's chief argument against james is, if i understand him rightly, that similar affections of the viscera may accompany dissimilar emotions, especially fear and rage.
this argument, however, is by no means conclusive against james, because it cannot be shown that there are no visceral differences for different emotions, and indeed it is unlikely that this is the case.
if it were necessary for me to take sides on this question, i should agree with this conclusion; but i think my thesis as to the analysis of emotion can be maintained without coming to a probably premature conclusion upon the doubtful parts of the physiological problem.
according to our definitions, if james is right, an emotion may be regarded as involving a confused perception of the viscera concerned in its causation, while if cannon and sherrington are right, an emotion involves a confused perception of its external stimulus.
we there defined a perception as an appearance, however irregular, of one or more objects external to the brain.
and in order to be an appearance of one or more objects, it is only necessary that the occurrence in question should be connected with them by a continuous chain, and should vary when they are varied sufficiently.
thus the question whether a mental occurrence can be called a perception turns upon the question whether anything can be inferred from it as to its causes outside the brain: if such inference is possible, the occurrence in question will come within our definition of a perception.
accordingly, whether emotions are caused by changes in the viscera or by sensible objects, they contain elements which are sensations according to our definition.
an emotion in its entirety is, of course, something much more complex than a perception.
an emotion is essentially a process, and it will be only what one may call a cross-section of the emotion that will be a perception, of a bodily condition according to james, or (in certain cases) of an external object according to his opponents.
an emotion in its entirety contains dynamic elements, such as motor impulses, desires, pleasures and pains.
an emotion--rage, for example--will be a certain kind of process, consisting of perceptions and (in general) bodily movements.
the desires and pleasures and pains involved are properties of this process, not separate items in the stuff of which the emotion is composed.
the ingredients of an emotion are only sensations and images and bodily movements succeeding each other according to a certain pattern.
with this conclusion we may leave the emotions and pass to the consideration of the will.
we have already defined vital movements, and we have maintained that, from a behaviourist standpoint, it is impossible to distinguish which among such movements are reflex and which voluntary.
nevertheless, there certainly is a distinction.
when we decide in the morning that it is time to get up, our consequent movement is voluntary.
the beating of the heart, on the other hand, is involuntary: we can neither cause it nor prevent it by any decision of our own, except indirectly, as e.g.
breathing is intermediate between the two: we normally breathe without the help of the will, but we can alter or stop our breathing if we choose.
xxvi) maintains that the only distinctive characteristic of a voluntary act is that it involves an idea of the movement to be performed, made up of memory-images of the kinaesthetic sensations which we had when the same movement occurred on some former occasion.
he points out that, on this view, no movement can be made voluntarily unless it has previously occurred involuntarily.
i see no reason to doubt the correctness of this view.
volition, in the emphatic sense, involves something more than voluntary movement.
the sort of case i am thinking of is decision after deliberation.
voluntary movements are a part of this, but not the whole.
i see no reason whatever to suppose that there is any specifically new ingredient; sensations and images, with their relations and causal laws, yield all that seems to be wanted for the analysis of the will, together with the fact that kinaesthetic images tend to cause the movements with which they are connected.
conflict of desires is of course essential in the causation of the emphatic kind of will: there will be for a time kinaesthetic images of incompatible movements, followed by the exclusive image of the movement which is said to be willed.
thus will seems to add no new irreducible ingredient to the analysis of the mind.
or, to state the same question in other terms: how is psychology to be distinguished from physics?
the answer provisionally suggested at the outset of our inquiry was that psychology and physics are distinguished by the nature of their causal laws, not by their subject matter.
at the same time we held that there is a certain subject matter, namely images, to which only psychological causal laws are applicable; this subject matter, therefore, we assigned exclusively to psychology.
but we found no way of defining images except through their causation; in their intrinsic character they appeared to have no universal mark by which they could be distinguished from sensations.
in this last lecture i propose to pass in review various suggested methods of distinguishing mind from matter.
i shall then briefly sketch the nature of that fundamental science which i believe to be the true metaphysic, in which mind and matter alike are seen to be constructed out of a neutral stuff, whose causal laws have no such duality as that of psychology, but form the basis upon which both physics and psychology are built.
in the first lecture i gave various arguments against the view that consciousness is fundamental, but i did not attempt to say what consciousness is.
we must find a definition of it, if we are to feel secure in deciding that it is not fundamental.
it is for the sake of the proof that it is not fundamental that we must now endeavour to decide what it is.
this statement, at first sight, is one to which we feel inclined to assent, but i believe we are mistaken if we do so.
we have been led, in the course of our inquiry, to admit unconscious beliefs and unconscious desires.
there is, so far as i can see, no class of mental or other occurrences of which we are always conscious whenever they happen.
the first thing to notice is that consciousness must be of something.
the addition of some element of belief seems required, since mere imagination does not involve consciousness of anything, and there can be no consciousness which is not of something.
if images alone constituted consciousness of their prototypes, such imagination-images as in fact have prototypes would involve consciousness of them; since this is not the case, an element of belief must be added to the images in defining consciousness.
the belief must be of that sort that constitutes objective reference, past or present.
an image, together with a belief of this sort concerning it, constitutes, according to our definition, consciousness of the prototype of the image.
but when we pass from consciousness of sensations to consciousness of objects of perception, certain further points arise which demand an addition to our definition.
a judgment of perception, we may say, consists of a core of sensation, together with associated images, with belief in the present existence of an object to which sensation and images are referred in a way which is difficult to analyse.
perception, then, will consist of a present sensation together with expectations of future sensations.
(this, of course, is a reflective analysis, not an account of the way perception appears to unchecked introspection.)
but all such expectations are liable to be erroneous, since they are based upon correlations which are usual but not invariable.
since memory is fallible, a similar difficulty arises as regards consciousness of past objects.
in the second place, the question arises as to whether we can be conscious of images.
if we apply our definition to this case, it seems to demand images of images.
in order, for example, to be conscious of an image of a cat, we shall require, according to the letter of the definition, an image which is a copy of our image of the cat, and has this image for its prototype.
now, it hardly seems probable, as a matter of observation, that there are images of images, as opposed to images of sensations.
we may meet this difficulty in two ways, either by boldly denying consciousness of images, or by finding a sense in which, by means of a different accompanying belief, an image, instead of meaning its prototype, can mean another image of the same prototype.
we then decided that there must be, in some sense, consciousness of images.
we are therefore left with the second suggested way of dealing with knowledge of images.
according to this second hypothesis, there may be two images of the same prototype, such that one of them means the other, instead of meaning the prototype.
it will be remembered that we defined meaning by association a word or image means an object, we said, when it has the same associations as the object.
and in like manner an image may have certain associations which its prototype will not have, e.g.
when these associations are active, an image means an image, instead of meaning its prototype.
if i have had images of a given prototype many times, i can mean one of these, as opposed to the rest, by recollecting the time and place or any other distinctive association of that one occasion.
this happens, for example, when a place recalls to us some thought we previously had in that place, so that we remember a thought as opposed to the occurrence to which it referred.
thus we may say that we think of an image a when we have a similar image b associated with recollections of circumstances connected with a, but not with its prototype or with other images of the same prototype.
in this way we become aware of images without the need of any new store of mental contents, merely by the help of new associations.
according to what we have been saying, sensation itself is not an instance of consciousness, though the immediate memory by which it is apt to be succeeded is so.
a sensation which is remembered becomes an object of consciousness as soon as it begins to be remembered, which will normally be almost immediately after its occurrence (if at all); but while it exists it is not an object of consciousness.
if, however, it is part of a perception, say of some familiar person, we may say that the person perceived is an object of consciousness.
this reference to absent objects is possible through association and habit.
actual sensations, in themselves, are not cases of consciousness, because they do not bring in this reference to what is absent.
but their connection with consciousness is very close, both through immediate memory, and through the correlations which turn sensations into perceptions.
enough has, i hope, been said to show that consciousness is far too complex and accidental to be taken as the fundamental characteristic of mind.
we have seen that belief and images both enter into it.
belief itself, as we saw in an earlier lecture, is complex.
therefore, if any definition of mind is suggested by our analysis of consciousness, images are what would naturally suggest themselves.
but since we found that images can only be defined causally, we cannot deal with this suggestion, except in connection with the difference between physical and psychological causal laws.
i come next to those characteristics of mental phenomena which arise out of mnemic causation.
the possibility of action with reference to what is not sensibly present is one of the things that might be held to characterize mind.
let us take first a very elementary example.
suppose you are in a familiar room at night, and suddenly the light goes out.
you will be able to find your way to the door without much difficulty by means of the picture of the room which you have in your mind.
in this case visual images serve, somewhat imperfectly it is true, the purpose which visual sensations would otherwise serve.
again, words heard or read enable you to act with reference to the matters about which they give information; here, again, a present sensible stimulus, in virtue of habits formed in the past, enables you to act in a manner appropriate to an object which is not sensibly present.
of this, words are the supreme example, since their effects as signs are prodigious, while their intrinsic interest as sensible occurrences on their own account is usually very slight.
the operation of signs may or may not be accompanied by consciousness.
if a sensible stimulus a calls up an image of b, and we then act with reference to b, we have what may be called consciousness of b.
but habit may enable us to act in a manner appropriate to b as soon as a appears, without ever having an image of b.
in that case, although a operates as a sign, it operates without the help of consciousness.
broadly speaking, a very familiar sign tends to operate directly in this manner, and the intervention of consciousness marks an imperfectly established habit.
the power of acquiring experience, which characterizes men and animals, is an example of the general law that, in mnemic causation, the causal unit is not one event at one time, but two or more events at two or more times.& a burnt child fears the fire, that is to say, the neighbourhood of fire has a different effect upon a child which has had the sensations of burning than upon one which has not.
more correctly, the observed effect, when a child which has been burnt is put near a fire, has for its cause, not merely the neighbourhood of the fire, but this together with the previous burning.
the general formula, when an animal has acquired experience through some event a, is that, when b occurs at some future time, the animal to which a has happened acts differently from an animal which a has not happened.
thus a and b together, not either separately, must be regarded as the cause of the animal's behaviour, unless we take account of the effect which a has had in altering the animal's nervous tissue, which is a matter not patent to external observation except under very special circumstances.
with this possibility, we are brought back to causal laws, and to the suggestion that many things which seem essentially mental are really neural.
perhaps it is the nerves that acquire experience rather than the mind.
if so, the possibility of acquiring experience cannot be used to define mind.
very similar considerations apply to memory, if taken as the essence of mind.
a recollection is aroused by something which is happening now, but is different from the effect which the present occurrence would have produced if the recollected event had not occurred.
this may be accounted for by the physical effect of the past event on the brain, making it a different instrument from that which would have resulted from a different experience.
the causal peculiarities of memory may, therefore, have a physiological explanation.
with every special class of mental phenomena this possibility meets us afresh.
if psychology is to be a separate science at all, we must seek a wider ground for its separateness than any that we have been considering hitherto.
i come now to a characteristic which, though difficult to define, comes much nearer to what we require, namely subjectivity.
we there decided that those particulars which constitute the physical world can be collected into sets in two ways, one of which makes a bundle of all those particulars that are appearances of a given thing from different places, while the other makes a bundle of all those particulars which are appearances of different things from a given place.
subjectivity is the characteristic of perspectives and biographies, the characteristic of giving the view of the world from a certain place.
the particulars forming one perspective are connected together primarily by simultaneity; those forming one biography, primarily by the existence of direct time-relations between them.
to these are to be added relations derivable from the laws of perspective.
in all this we are clearly not in the region of psychology, as commonly understood; yet we are also hardly in the region of physics.
perception also, as we saw, can only be defined in terms of perspectives.
thus the conception of subjectivity, i.e.
i have maintained throughout these lectures that the data of psychology do not differ in, their intrinsic character from the data of physics.
i have maintained that sensations are data for psychology and physics equally, while images, which may be in some sense exclusively psychological data, can only be distinguished from sensations by their correlations, not by what they are in themselves.
psychologists, on the other hand, find great difficulty in the conception.
further, when a proposition which is a datum asserts the existence of something, we say that the something is a datum, as well as the proposition asserting its existence.
thus those objects of whose existence we become certain through perception are said to be data.
it is clear, in the first place, that there can be no datum apart from a belief.
a sensation which merely comes and goes is not a datum; it only becomes a datum when it is remembered.
in the sense in which objects (as opposed to propositions) are data, it would seem natural to say that those objects of which we are conscious are data.
but consciousness, as we have seen, is a complex notion, involving beliefs, as well as mnemic phenomena such as are required for perception and memory.
it follows that no datum is theoretically indubitable, since no belief is infallible; it follows also that every datum has a greater or less degree of vagueness, since there is always some vagueness in memory and the meaning of images.
data are not those things of which our consciousness is earliest in time.
at every period of life, after we have become capable of thought, some of our beliefs are obtained by inference, while others are not.
a belief may pass from either of these classes into the other, and may therefore become, or cease to be, a belief giving a datum.
when, in what follows, i speak of data, i do not mean the things of which we feel sure before scientific study begins, but the things which, when a science is well advanced, appear as affording grounds for other parts of the science, without themselves being believed on any ground except observation.
i assume, that is to say, a trained observer, with an analytic attention, knowing the sort of thing to look for, and the sort of thing that will be important.
what he observes is, at the stage of science which he has reached, a datum for his science.
it is just as sophisticated and elaborate as the theories which he bases upon it, since only trained habits and much practice enable a man to make the kind of observation that will be scientifically illuminating.
nevertheless, when once it has been observed, belief in it is not based on inference and reasoning, but merely upon its having been seen.
in this way its logical status differs from that of the theories which are proved by its means.
in any science other than psychology the datum is primarily a perception, in which only the sensational core is ultimately and theoretically a datum, though some such accretions as turn the sensation into a perception are practically unavoidable.
but if we postulate an ideal observer, he will be able to isolate the sensation, and treat this alone as datum.
there is, therefore, an important sense in which we may say that, if we analyse as much as we ought, our data, outside psychology, consist of sensations, which include within themselves certain spatial and temporal relations.
applying this remark to physiology, we see that the nerves and brain as physical objects are not truly data; they are to be replaced, in the ideal structure of science, by the sensations through which the physiologist is said to perceive them.
the passage from these sensations to nerves and brain as physical objects belongs really to the initial stage in the theory of physics, and ought to be placed in the reasoned part, not in the part supposed to be observed.
to say we see the nerves is like saying we hear the nightingale; both are convenient but inaccurate expressions.
we hear a sound which we believe to be causally connected with the nightingale, and we see a sight which we believe to be causally connected with a nerve.
but in each case it is only the sensation that ought, in strictness, to be called a datum.
now, sensations are certainly among the data of psychology.
therefore all the data of the physical sciences are also psychological data.
it remains to inquire whether all the data of psychology are also data of physical science, and especially of physiology.
if we have been right in our analysis of mind, the ultimate data of psychology are only sensations and images and their relations.
beliefs, desires, volitions, and so on, appeared to us to be complex phenomena consisting of sensations and images variously interrelated.
thus (apart from certain relations) the occurrences which seem most distinctively mental, and furthest removed from physics, are, like physical objects, constructed or inferred, not part of the original stock of data in the perfected science.
from both ends, therefore, the difference between physical and psychological data is diminished.
is there ultimately no difference, or do images remain as irreducibly and exclusively psychological?
in view of the causal definition of the difference between images and sensations, this brings us to a new question, namely: are the causal laws of psychology different from those of any other science, or are they really physiological?
certain ambiguities must be removed before this question can be adequately discussed.
first, there is the distinction between rough approximate laws and such as appear to be precise and general.
i shall return to the former presently; it is the latter that i wish to discuss now.
matter, as defined at the end of lecture v, is a logical fiction, invented because it gives a convenient way of stating causal laws.
except in cases of perfect regularity in appearances (of which we can have no experience), the actual appearances of a piece of matter are not members of that ideal system of regular appearances which is defined as being the matter in question.
thus, in so far as physics is an empirical and verifiable science, it must assume or prove that the inference from appearances to matter is, in general, legitimate, and it must be able to tell us, more or less, what appearances to expect.
it is through this question of verifiability and empirical applicability to experience that we are led to a theory of matter such as i advocate.
from the consideration of this question it results that physics, in so far as it is an empirical science, not a logical phantasy, is concerned with particulars of just the same sort as those which psychology considers under the name of sensations.
the causal laws of physics, so interpreted, differ from those of psychology only by the fact that they connect a particular with other appearances in the same piece of matter, rather than with other appearances in the same perspective.
we can now understand the distinction between physics and psychology.
the nerves and brain are matter: our visual sensations when we look at them may be, and i think are, members of the system constituting irregular appearances of this matter, but are not the whole of the system.
psychology is concerned, inter alia, with our sensations when we see a piece of matter, as opposed to the matter which we see.
assuming, as we must, that our sensations have physical causes, their causal laws are nevertheless radically different from the laws of physics, since the consideration of a single sensation requires the breaking up of the group of which it is a member.
when a sensation is used to verify physics, it is used merely as a sign of a certain material phenomenon, i.e.
of a group of particulars of which it is a member.
but when it is studied by psychology, it is taken away from that group and put into quite a different context, where it causes images or voluntary movements.
it is primarily this different grouping that is characteristic of psychology as opposed to all the physical sciences, including physiology; a secondary difference is that images, which belong to psychology, are not easily to be included among the aspects which constitute a physical thing or piece of matter.
there remains, however, an important question, namely: are mental events causally dependent upon physical events in a sense in which the converse dependence does not hold?
before we can discuss the answer to this question, we must first be clear as to what our question means.
when, given a, it is possible to infer b, but given b, it is not possible to infer a, we say that b is dependent upon a in a sense in which a is not dependent upon b.
stated in logical terms, this amounts to saying that, when we know a many-one relation of a to b, b is dependent upon a in respect of this relation.
if the relation is a causal law, we say that b is causally dependent upon a.
the illustration that chiefly concerns us is the system of appearances of a physical object.
we can, broadly speaking, infer distant appearances from near ones, but not vice versa.
all men look alike when they are a mile away, hence when we see a man a mile off we cannot tell what he will look like when he is only a yard away.
but when we see him a yard away, we can tell what he will look like a mile away.
thus the nearer view gives us more valuable information, and the distant view is causally dependent upon it in a sense in which it is not causally dependent upon the distant view.
it is this greater causal potency of the near appearance that leads physics to state its causal laws in terms of that system of regular appearances to which the nearest appearances increasingly approximate, and that makes it value information derived from the microscope or telescope.
it is clear that our sensations, considered as irregular appearances of physical objects, share the causal dependence belonging to comparatively distant appearances; therefore in our sensational life we are in causal dependence upon physical laws.
this, however, is not the most important or interesting part of our question.
it is the causation of images that is the vital problem.
we have seen that they are subject to mnenic causation, and that mnenic causation may be reducible to ordinary physical causation in nervous tissue.
this is the question upon which our attitude must turn towards what may be called materialism.
one sense of materialism is the view that all mental phenomena are causally dependent upon physical phenomena in the above-defined sense of causal dependence.
whether this is the case or not, i do not profess to know.
but i think the bulk of the evidence points to the materialistic answer as the more probable.
in considering the causal laws of psychology, the distinction between rough generalizations and exact laws is important.
there are many rough generalizations in psychology, not only of the sort by which we govern our ordinary behaviour to each other, but also of a more nearly scientific kind.
habit and association belong among such laws.
i will give an illustration of the kind of law that can be obtained.
suppose a person has frequently experienced a and b in close temporal contiguity, an association will be established, so that a, or an image of a, tends to cause an image of b.
the question arises: will the association work in either direction, or only from the one which has occurred earlier to the one which has occurred later?
memory of movements) is concerned, association works only from earlier to later, while in visual and auditory memory this is not the case, but the later of two neighbouring experiences may recall the earlier as well as the earlier the later.
it is suggested that motor memory is physiological, while visual and auditory memory are more truly psychological.
but that is not the point which concerns us in the illustration.
the point which concerns us is that a law of association, established by purely psychological observation, is a purely psychological law, and may serve as a sample of what is possible in the way of discovering such laws.
it is, however, still no more than a rough generalization, a statistical average.
it cannot tell us what will result from a given cause on a given occasion.
it is a law of tendency, not a precise and invariable law such as those of physics aim at being.
if we wish to pass from the law of habit, stated as a tendency or average, to something more precise and invariable, we seem driven to the nervous system.
we can more or less guess how an occurrence produces a change in the brain, and how its repetition gradually produces something analogous to the channel of a river, along which currents flow more easily than in neighbouring paths.
we can perceive that in this way, if we had more knowledge, the tendency to habit through repetition might be replaced by a precise account of the effect of each occurrence in bringing about a modification of the sort from which habit would ultimately result.
it is such considerations that make students of psychophysiology materialistic in their methods, whatever they may be in their metaphysics.
there are, of course, exceptions, such as professor j. s. haldane,* who maintains that it is theoretically impossible to obtain physiological explanations of psychical phenomena, or physical explanations of physiological phenomena.
but i think the bulk of expert opinion, in practice, is on the other side.
the question whether it is possible to obtain precise causal laws in which the causes are psychological, not material, is one of detailed investigation.
i have done what i could to make clear the nature of the question, but i do not believe that it is possible as yet to answer it with any confidence.
it seems to be by no means an insoluble question, and we may hope that science will be able to produce sufficient grounds for regarding one answer as much more probable than the other.
but for the moment i do not see how we can come to a decision.
i think, that is to say, that such an account would not be content to speak, even formally, as though matter, which is a logical fiction, were the ultimate reality.
i think that, if our scientific knowledge were adequate to the task, which it neither is nor is likely to become, it would exhibit the laws of correlation of the particulars constituting a momentary condition of a material unit, and would state the causal laws* of the world in terms of these particulars, not in terms of matter.
causal laws so stated would, i believe, be applicable to psychology and physics equally; the science in which they were stated would succeed in achieving what metaphysics has vainly attempted, namely a unified account of what really happens, wholly true even if not the whole of truth, and free from all convenient fictions or unwarrantable assumptions of metaphysical entities.
a causal law applicable to particulars would count as a law of physics if it could be stated in terms of those fictitious systems of regular appearances which are matter; if this were not the case, it would count as a law of psychology if one of the particulars were a sensation or an image, i.e.
i believe that the realization of the complexity of a material unit, and its analysis into constituents analogous to sensations, is of the utmost importance to philosophy, and vital for any understanding of the relations between mind and matter, between our perceptions and the world which they perceive.
it is in this direction, i am convinced, that we must look for the solution of many ancient perplexities.
* in a perfected science, causal laws will take the form of differential equations--or of finite-difference equations, if the theory of quanta should prove correct.
it is probable that the whole science of mental occurrences, especially where its initial definitions are concerned, could be simplified by the development of the fundamental unifying science in which the causal laws of particulars are sought, rather than the causal laws of those systems of particulars that constitute the material units of physics.
this fundamental science would cause physics to become derivative, in the sort of way in which theories of the constitution of the atom make chemistry derivative from physics; it would also cause psychology to appear less singular and isolated among sciences.
if we are right in this, it is a wrong philosophy of matter which has caused many of the difficulties in the philosophy of mind--difficulties which a right philosophy of matter would cause to disappear.
the conclusions at which we have arrived may be summed up as follows: i.
physics and psychology are not distinguished by their material.
mind and matter alike are logical constructions; the particulars out of which they are constructed, or from which they are inferred, have various relations, some of which are studied by physics, others by psychology.
broadly speaking, physics group particulars by their active places, psychology by their passive places.
habit, memory and thought are all developments of mnemic causation.
it is probable, though not certain, that mnemic causation is derivative from ordinary physical causation in nervous (and other) tissue.
consciousness is a complex and far from universal characteristic of mental phenomena.
v. mind is a matter of degree, chiefly exemplified in number and complexity of habits.
all our data, both in physics and psychology, are subject to psychological causal laws; but physical causal laws, at least in traditional physics, can only be stated in terms of matter, which is both inferred and constructed, never a datum.
in this respect psychology is nearer to what actually exists.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
sometimes it turns and runs the other way.
poe influenced rossetti; whitman influenced henley.
for a century cooper has been in command of the british literary marine.
literature is reprehensibly unpatriotic, even though its votaries are, as individual citizens, afflicted with local prides and hostilities.
it takes only a dramatic interest in the guns of yorktown.
the catholicity of english language and literature transcends the temporal boundaries of states.
is it an observable general characteristic, and is it a virtue or a vice?
there is a sense in which american literature is not provincial enough.
the most provincial of all literature is the greek.
the greeks knew nothing outside of greece and needed to know nothing.
the old testament is tribal in its provinciality; its god is a local god, and its village police and sanitary regulations are erected into eternal laws.
if this racial localism is not essential to the greatness of early literatures, it is inseparable from them; we find it there.
it is not possible in our cosmopolitan age and there are few traces of it in american books.
no american poet has sung of his neighborhood with nave passion, as if it were all the world to him.
whitman is pugnaciously american, but his sympathies are universal, his vision is cosmic; when he seems to be standing in a city street looking at life, he is in a trance, and his spirit is racing with the winds.
the welcome that we gave whitman betrays the lack of an admirable kind of provincialism; it shows us defective in local security of judgment.
some of us have been so anxiously abashed by high standards of european culture that we could not see a poet in our own back yard until european poets and critics told us he was there.
this is queerly contradictory to a disposition found in some americans to disregard world standards and proclaim a third-rate poet as the milton of oshkosh or the shelley of san francisco.
of dignified and self-respecting provincialism, such as professor royce so eloquently advocates, there might well be more in american books.
our poets desert the domestic landscape to write pseudo-elizabethan dramas and sonnets about mont blanc.
they set up an artificial tennyson park on the banks of the hudson.
beside the shores of lake michigan they croon the love affairs of an arab in the desert and his noble steed.
this is not a very grave offence, for poets live among the stars, and it makes no difference from what point of the earth's surface they set forth on their aerial adventures.
a wisconsin poet may write very beautifully about nightingales, and a new england unitarian may write beautifully about cathedrals; if it is beautiful, it is poetry, and all is well.
there have been few of them; they have not been adequate in numbers or in genius to the task of describing the sections of the country, the varied scenes and habits from new orleans to the portlands.
and yet, small band as they are, with great domestic opportunities and responsibilities, they have devoted volumes to paris, which has an able native corps of story-makers, and to italy, where the home talent is first-rate.
in this sense american literature is too globe-trotting, it has too little savor of the soil.
of provincialism of the narrowest type american writers, like other men of imagination, are not guilty to any reprehensible degree.
it is a vice sometimes imputed to them by provincial critics who view literature from the office of a london weekly review or from the lecture rooms of american colleges.
some american writers are parochial, for example, whittier.
others, like mr. henry james, are provincial in outlook, but cosmopolitan in experience, and reveal their provinciality by a self-conscious internationalism.
probably english and french writers may be similarly classified as provincial or not.
it is an example of what happens when a hack reviewer's work in local journals is collected into a volume because he turns out to be a genius.
emerson's ensphering universality overspreads carlyle like the sky above a volcanic island.
lowell was so heartily cosmopolitan that american newspapers accused him of anglomania--which proves their provincialism but acquits him.
mr. howells has written a better book about venice than about ohio.
mark twain lived in every part of america, from connecticut to california, he wrote about every country under the sun (and about some countries beyond the sun), he is read by all sorts and conditions of men in the english-speaking world, and he is an adopted hero in vienna.
it is difficult to come to any conclusion about provincialism as a characteristic of american literature.
american literature is on the whole idealistic, sweet, delicate, nicely finished.
any child can read american literature, and if it does not make a man of him, it at least will not lead him into forbidden realms.
indeed, american books too seldom come to grips with the problems of life, especially the books cast in artistic forms.
the essayists, expounders, and preachers attack life vigorously and wrestle with the meaning of it.
the poets are thin, moonshiny, meticulous in technique.
novelists are few and feeble, and dramatists are non-existent.
in those volumes one finds a surprising number of vigorous, distinguished papers on politics, philosophy, science, even on literature and art.
many talented men and women, whose names are not well remembered, are clustered there about the half dozen salient men of genius; and the collection gives one a sense that the new england mind (aided by the outlying contributors) was, in its one age of thought, an abundant and diversified power.
but the poetry is not memorable, except for some verses by the few standard poets.
it is hard to explain why the american, except in his exhortatory and passionately argumentative moods, has not struck deep into american life, why his stories and verses are, for the most part, only pretty things, nicely unimportant.
anthony trollope had a theory that the absence of international copyright threw our market open too unrestrictedly to the british product, that the american novel was an unprotected infant industry; we printed dickens and the rest without paying royalty and starved the domestic manufacturer.
for there were many american novelists, published, read, and probably paid for their work.
the trouble is that they lacked genius; they dealt with trivial, slight aspects of life; they did not take the novel seriously in the right sense of the word, though no doubt they were in another sense serious enough about their poor productions.
why do american writers turn their backs on life, miss its intensities, its significance?
the american civil war was the most tremendous upheaval in the world after the napoleonic period.
the novels laid in war-time are either sanguine melodrama or absurd idyls of maidens whose lovers are at the front--a tragic theme if tragically and not sentimentally conceived.
perhaps the bullet that killed theodore winthrop deprived us of our great novelist of the civil war, for he was on the right road.
this suggestion, however, need not be gravely argued.
the fact is that the american literary imagination after the civil war was almost sterile.
if no books had been written, the failure of that conflict to get itself embodied in some masterpieces would be less disconcerting.
but thousands of books were written by people who knew the war at first hand and who had literary ambition and some skill, and from all these books none rises to distinction.
an example of what seems to be the american habit of writing about everything except american life, is the work of general lew wallace.
wallace was one of the important secondary generals in the civil war, distinguished at fort donelson and at shiloh.
there is nothing in it so valuable, so dramatically significant as a week in wallace's war experiences.
it is understandable that the man of experience may not write at all, and, on the other hand, that the man of secluded life may have the imagination to make a military epic.
but for a man crammed with experience of the most dramatic sort and discovering the ability and the ambition to write--for him to make spurious oriental romances which achieve an enormous popularity!
the case is too grotesque to be typical, yet it is exceptional in degree rather than in kind.
the american literary artist has written about everything under the skies except what matters most in his own life.
general grant's plain autobiography, not art and of course not attempting to be, is better literature than most of our books in artistic forms, because of its intellectual integrity and the profound importance of the subject-matter.
our dreamers have dreamed about many wonderful things, but their faces have been averted from the mightier issues of life.
they have been high-minded, fine-grained, eloquent in manner, in odd contrast to the real or reputed vigor and crudeness of the nation.
in the hundred years from irving's first romance to mr. howells's latest unromantic novel, most of our books are eminent for just those virtues which america is supposed to lack.
their physique is feminine; they are fanciful, dainty, reserved; they are literose, sophisticated in craftsmanship, but innocently unaware of the profound agitations of american life, of life everywhere.
those who strike the deeper notes of reality, whitman, thoreau, mark twain, mrs. stowe in her one great book, whittier, lowell and emerson at their best, are a powerful minority.
the rest, beautiful and fine in spirit, too seldom show that they are conscious of contemporaneous realities, too seldom vibrate with a tremendous sense of life.
the jason of western exploration writes as if he had passed his life in a library.
the ulysses of great rivers and perilous seas is a connoisseur of japanese prints.
the warrior of 'sixty-one rivals miss marie corelli.
the mining engineer carves cherry stones.
he who is figured as gaunt, hardy and aggressive, conquering the desert with the steam locomotive, sings of a pretty little rose in a pretty little garden.
the judge, haggard with experience, who presides over the most tragi-comic divorce court ever devised by man, writes love stories that would have made jane austen smile.
the truth is, the whole country is crying out for those who will record it, satirize it, chant it.
as literary material, it is virgin land, ancient as life and fresh as a wilderness.
american literature is one occupation which is not over-crowded, in which, indeed, there is all too little competition for the new-comer to meet.
there are signs that some earnest young writers are discovering the fertility of a soil that has scarcely been scratched.
american fiction shows all sorts of merit, but the merits are not assembled, concentrated; the fine is weak, and the strong is crude.
the stories of poe, hawthorne, howells, james, aldrich, bret harte, are admirable in manner, but they are thin in substance, not of large vitality.
of good short stories america has been prolific.
but the american novel, which multiplies past counting, remains an inferior production.
on a private shelf of contemporary fiction and drama in the english language are the works of ten british authors, mr. galsworthy, mr. h. g. wells, mr. arnold bennett, mr. eden phillpotts, mr. george moore, mr. leonard merrick, mr. j. c. snaith, miss may sinclair, mr. william de morgan, mr. maurice hewlett, mr. joseph conrad, mr. bernard shaw, yes, and mr. rudyard kipling.
beside them i find but two americans, mrs. edith wharton and mr. theodore dreiser.
there may be others, for one cannot pretend to know all the living novelists and dramatists.
yet for every american that should be added, i would agree to add four to the british list.
in the course of a century a few americans have said in memorable words what life meant to them.
their performance, put together, is considerable, if not imposing.
any sense of dissatisfaction that one feels in contemplating it is due to the disproportion between a limited expression and the multifarious immensity of the country.
our literature, judged by the great literatures contemporaneous with it, is insufficient to the opportunity and the need.
the american spirit may be figured as petitioning the muses for twelve novelists, ten poets, and eight dramatists, to be delivered at the earliest possible moment.
but the pen, in the honest hand, has always been mightier than the grave.
this is not the sort of thing one wishes to mar with clumsy comment.
he is one of the best-known, most public-spirited and most truly loved of american journalists.
he and his fellow-kansan, e. w. howe of atchison, are two characteristic figures in our newspaper world, both masters of that vein of canny, straightforward, humane and humorous simplicity that seems to be a kansas birthright.
she never fell from a horse in her life.
but she was proud of few things, and one was that she could ride anything that had four legs and hair.
her death resulted not from a fall, but from a blow on the head which fractured her skull, and the blow came from the limb of an overhanging tree on the parking.
the last hour of her life was typical of its happiness.
she came home from a day's work at school, topped off by a hard grind with the copy on the high school annual, and felt that a ride would refresh her.
she climbed into her khakis, chattering to her mother about the work she was doing, and hurried to get her horse and be out on the dirt roads for the country air and the radiant green fields of the spring.
as she rode through the town on an easy gallop she kept waving at passers-by.
for a decade the little figure with the long pig-tail and the red hair ribbon has been familiar on the streets of emporia, and she got in the way of speaking to those who nodded at her.
she passed the kerrs, walking the horse, in front of the normal library, and waved at them; passed another friend a few hundred feet further on, and waved at her.
the horse was walking and, as she turned into north merchant street she took off her cowboy hat, and the horse swung into a lope.
she passed the tripletts and waved her cowboy hat at them, still moving gaily north on merchant street.
but she did not fall from the horse; she slipped off, dazed a bit, staggered and fell in a faint.
she never quite recovered consciousness.
but she did not fall from the horse, neither was she riding fast.
a year or so ago she used to go like the wind.
but that habit was broken, and she used the horse to get into the open to get fresh, hard exercise, and to work off a certain surplus energy that welled up in her and needed a physical outlet.
that need has been in her heart for years.
it was back of the impulse that kept the dauntless, little brown-clad figure on the streets and country roads of this community and built into a strong, muscular body what had been a frail and sickly frame during the first years of her life.
but the riding gave her more than a body.
she was the happiest thing in the world.
and she was happy because she was enlarging her horizon.
she came to know all sorts and conditions of men; charley o'brien, the traffic cop, was one of her best friends.
w. l. holtz, the latin teacher, was another.
tom o'connor, farmer-politician, and rev.
rice, preacher and police judge, and frank beach, music master, were her special friends, and all the girls, black and white, above the track and below the track, in pepville and stringtown, were among her acquaintances.
and she brought home riotous stories of her adventures.
she loved to rollick; persiflage was her natural expression at home.
her humor was a continual bubble of joy.
she seemed to think in hyperbole and metaphor.
she was mischievous without malice, as full of faults as an old shoe.
no angel was mary white, but an easy girl to live with, for she never nursed a grouch five minutes in her life.
with all her eagerness for the out-of-doors, she loved books.
she read mark twain, dickens and kipling before she was ten--all of their writings.
wells and arnold bennett particularly amused and diverted her.
she was a member of the executive committee of the high school y. w. c. a.
within the last two years she had begun to be moved by an ambition to draw.
she began as most children do by scribbling in her school books, funny pictures.
she bought cartoon magazines and took a course--rather casually, naturally, for she was, after all, a child with no strong purposes--and this year she tasted the first fruits of success by having her pictures accepted by the high school annual.
but the thrill of delight she got when mr. ecord, of the normal annual, asked her to do the cartooning for that book this spring, was too beautiful for words.
she fell to her work with all her enthusiastic heart.
her drawings were accepted, and her pride--always repressed by a lively sense of the ridiculousness of the figure she was cutting--was a really gorgeous thing to see.
no successful artist ever drank a deeper draught of satisfaction than she took from the little fame her work was getting among her schoolfellows.
in her glory, she almost forgot her horse--but never her car.
everybody rode with mary white--white and black, old and young, rich and poor, men and women.
she liked nothing better than to fill the car full of long-legged high school boys and an occasional girl, and parade the town.
but the most fun she ever had in her life was acting as chairman of the committee that got up the big turkey dinner for the poor folks at the county home; scores of pies, gallons of slaw; jam, cakes, preserves, oranges and a wilderness of turkey were loaded in the car and taken to the county home.
and, being of a practical turn of mind, she risked her own christmas dinner by staying to see that the poor folks actually got it all.
not that she was a cynic; she just disliked to tempt folks.
while there she found a blind colored uncle, very old, who could do nothing but make rag rugs, and she rustled up from her school friends rags enough to keep him busy for a season.
the last engagement she tried to make was to take the guests at the county home out for a car ride.
and the last endeavor of her life was to try to get a rest room for colored girls in the high school.
she found one girl reading in the toilet, because there was no better place for a colored girl to loaf, and it inflamed her sense of injustice and she became a nagging harpie to those who, she thought, could remedy the evil.
the poor she had always with her, and was glad of it.
she hungered and thirsted for righteousness; and was the most impious creature in the world.
she joined the congregational church without consulting her parents; not particularly for her soul's good.
but even as a little child she felt the church was an agency for helping people to more of life's abundance, and she wanted to help.
it was a fight to get a new rig on her; but eventually a harder fight to get it off.
she never wore a jewel and had no ring but her high school class ring, and never asked for anything but a wrist watch.
she refused to have her hair up; though she was nearly seventeen.
above every other passion of her life was her passion not to grow up, to be a child.
the tom-boy in her, which was big, seemed to loathe to be put away forever in skirts.
she was a peter pan, who refused to grow up.
her funeral yesterday at the congregational church was as she would have wished it; no singing, no flowers save the big bunch of red roses from her brother bill's harvard classmen--heavens, how proud that would have made her!
rice, pastor and police judge, which she would have deprecated if she could, a prayer sent down for her by her friend, carl nau, and opening the service the slow, poignant movement from beethoven's moonlight sonata, which she loved, and closing the service a cutting from the joyously melancholy first movement of tschaikowski's pathetic symphony, which she liked to hear in certain moods on the phonograph; then the lord's prayer by her friends in the high school.
it would have made her smile to know that her friend, charley o'brien, the traffic cop, had been transferred from sixth and commercial to the corner near the church to direct her friends who came to bid her good-by.
a rift in the clouds in a gray day threw a shaft of sunlight upon her coffin as her nervous, energetic little body sank to its last sleep.
but the soul of her, the glowing, gorgeous, fervent soul of her, surely was flaming in eager joy upon some other dawn.
brooke's notes on america are well worth reading: they are full of delightful and lively comments, though sometimes much (oh, very much!)
the last paragraph in this essay is interesting in view of subsequent history.
but for him, a modern traveler could spend his time peacefully admiring the scenery instead of feeling himself bound to dog the simple and grotesque of the world for the sake of their too-human comments.
it is very restful to give up all effort at observing human nature and drawing social and political deductions from trifles, and to let oneself relapse into wide-mouthed worship of the wonders of nature.
it throws no light on the effects of protection, nor on the facility for divorce in america, nor on corruption in public life, nor on canadian character, nor even on the navy bill.
it is merely a great deal of water falling over some cliffs.
the human race, apt as a child to destroy what it admires, has done its best to surround the falls with every distraction, incongruity, and vulgarity.
hotels, powerhouses, bridges, trams, picture post-cards, sham legends, stalls, booths, rifle-galleries, and side-shows frame them about.
niagara is the central home and breeding-place for all the touts of earth.
and in the midst of all this, overwhelming it all, are the falls.
he who sees them instantly forgets humanity.
they are not very high, but they are overpowering.
they are divided by an island into two parts, the canadian and the american.
half a mile or so above the falls, on either side, the water of the great stream begins to run more swiftly and in confusion.
it begins chattering and leaping, breaking into a thousand ripples, throwing up joyful fingers of spray.
sometimes it is divided by islands and rocks, sometimes the eye can see nothing but a waste of laughing, springing, foamy waves, turning, crossing, even seeming to stand for an instant erect, but always borne impetuously forward like a crowd of triumphant feasters.
sit close down by it, and you see a fragment of the torrent against the sky, mottled, steely, and foaming, leaping onward in far-flung criss-cross strands of water.
perpetually the eye is on the point of descrying a pattern in this weaving, and perpetually it is cheated by change.
in one place part of the flood plunges over a ledge a few feet high and a quarter of a mile or so long, in a uniform and stable curve.
it gives an impression of almost military concerted movement, grown suddenly out of confusion.
but it is swiftly lost again in the multitudinous tossing merriment.
here and there a rock close to the surface is marked by a white wave that faces backwards and seems to be rushing madly up-stream, but is really stationary in the headlong charge.
but for these signs of reluctance, the waters seem to fling themselves on with some foreknowledge of their fate, in an ever wilder frenzy.
they prove, rather, that greek belief that the great crashes are preceded by a louder merriment and a wilder gaiety.
leaping in the sunlight, careless, entwining, clamorously joyful, the waves riot on towards the verge.
as they turn to the sheer descent, the white and blue and slate color, in the heart of the canadian falls at least, blend and deepen to a rich, wonderful, luminous green.
on the edge of disaster the river seems to gather herself, to pause, to lift a head noble in ruin, and then, with a slow grandeur, to plunge into the eternal thunder and white chaos below.
where the stream runs shallower it is a kind of violet color, but both violet and green fray and frill to white as they fall.
the mass of water, striking some ever-hidden base of rock, leaps up the whole two hundred feet again in pinnacles and domes of spray.
the spray falls back into the lower river once more; all but a little that fines to foam and white mist, which drifts in layers along the air, graining it, and wanders out on the wind over the trees and gardens and houses, and so vanishes.
the manager of one of the great power-stations on the banks of the river above the falls told me that the center of the riverbed at the canadian falls is deep and of a saucer shape.
so it may be possible to fill this up to a uniform depth, and divert a lot of water for the power-houses.
and this, he said, would supply the need for more power, which will certainly soon arise, without taking away from the beauty of niagara.
this is a handsome concession of the utilitarians to ordinary sight-seers.
the real secret of the beauty and terror of the falls is not their height or width, but the feeling of colossal power and of unintelligible disaster caused by the plunge of that vast body of water.
if that were taken away, there would be little visible change, but the heart would be gone.
the american falls do not inspire this feeling in the same way as the canadian.
it is because they are less in volume, and because the water does not fall so much into one place.
by comparison their beauty is almost delicate and fragile.
they are extraordinarily level, one long curtain of lacework and woven foam.
seen from opposite, when the sun is on them, they are blindingly white, and the clouds of spray show dark against them.
with both falls the color of the water is the ever-altering wonder.
greens and blues, purples and whites, melt into one another, fade, and come again, and change with the changing sun.
sometimes they are as richly diaphanous as a precious stone, and glow from within with a deep, inexplicable light.
sometimes the white intricacies of dropping foam become opaque and creamy.
if you come suddenly upon the falls from above, a great double rainbow, very vivid, spanning the extent of spray from top to bottom, is the first thing you see.
if you wander along the cliff opposite, a bow springs into being in the american falls, accompanies you courteously on your walk, dwindles and dies as the mist ends, and awakens again as you reach the canadian tumult.
and the bold traveler who attempts the trip under the american falls sees, when he dare open his eyes to anything, tiny baby rainbows, some four or five yards in span, leaping from rock to rock among the foam, and gamboling beside him, barely out of hand's reach, as he goes.
one i saw in that place was a complete circle, such as i have never seen before, and so near that i could put my foot on it.
it is a terrifying journey, beneath and behind the falls.
the senses are battered and bewildered by the thunder of the water and the assault of wind and spray; or rather, the sound is not of falling water, but merely of falling; a noise of unspecified ruin.
so, if you are close behind the endless clamor, the sight cannot recognize liquid in the masses that hurl past.
you are dimly and pitifully aware that sheets of light and darkness are falling in great curves in front of you.
farther away, in the roar and hissing, clouds of spray seem literally to slide down some invisible plane of air.
beyond the foot of the falls the river is like a slipping floor of marble, green with veins of dirty white, made by the scum that was foam.
it slides very quietly and slowly down for a mile or two, sullenly exhausted.
then it turns to a dull sage green, and hurries more swiftly, smooth and ominous.
as the walls of the ravine close in, trouble stirs, and the waters boil and eddy.
these are the lower rapids, a sight more terrifying than the falls, because less intelligible.
close in its bands of rock the river surges tumultuously forward, writhing and leaping as if inspired by a demon.
it is pressed by the straits into a visibly convex form.
sometimes it is thrown up into a pinnacle of foam higher than a house, or leaps with incredible speed from the crest of one vast wave to another, along the shining curve between, like the spring of a wild beast.
its motion continually suggests muscular action.
the power manifest in these rapids moves one with a different sense of awe and terror from that of the falls.
here the inhuman life and strength are spontaneous, active, almost resolute; masculine vigor compared with the passive gigantic power, female, helpless and overwhelming, of the falls.
one is drawn back, strangely, to a contemplation of the falls, at every hour, and especially by night, when the cloud of spray becomes an immense visible ghost, straining and wavering high above the river, white and pathetic and translucent.
the victorian lies very close below the surface in every man.
there one can sit and let great cloudy thoughts of destiny and the passage of empires drift through the mind; for such dreams are at home by niagara.
i could not get out of my mind the thought of a friend, who said that the rainbows over the falls were like the arts and beauty and goodness, with regard to the stream of life--caused by it, thrown upon its spray, but unable to stay or direct or affect it, and ceasing when it ceased.
in all comparisons that rise in the heart, the river, with its multitudinous waves and its single current, likens itself to a life, whether of an individual or of a community.
a man's life is of many flashing moments, and yet one stream; a nation's flows through all its citizens, and yet is more than they.
in such places, one is aware, with an almost insupportable and yet comforting certitude, that both men and nations are hurried onwards to their ruin or ending as inevitably as this dark flood.
some go down to it unreluctant, and meet it, like the river, not without nobility.
and as incessant, as inevitable, and as unavailing as the spray that hangs over the falls, is the white cloud of human crying.... with some such thoughts does the platitudinous heart win from the confusion and thunder of a niagara peace that the quietest plains or most stable hills can never give.
according to the traditional motto of sun-dials, mr. marquis's horologe usually numbers only the serene hours; but sometimes, when the clear moonlight of his muse is shining, it casts darker and even more precious shadows of satire and mysticism.
his many readers know by this time the depth and reach of his fun and fancy.
marquis is a true philosopher and wit, his humor adorns a rich and mellow gravity.
when strongly moved he sometimes utters an epigram that rings like steel leaving the scabbard.
there are many things to be said against american newspapers, but much of the indictment is quashed when one considers that every now and then they develop a writer like don marquis.
the violent haste, pressure and instancy of newspaper routine, purgatorial to some temperaments, is a genuine stimulus to others--particularly if they are able, as in the case of the columnist, to fall back upon outside contributors in their intervals of pessimism or sloth.
i no matter how nearly perfect an almost perfect state may be, it is not nearly enough perfect unless the individuals who compose it can, somewhere between death and birth, have a perfectly corking time for a few years.
the most wonderful governmental system in the world does not attract us, as a system; we are after a system that scarcely knows it is a system; the great thing is to have the largest number of individuals as happy as may be, for a little while at least, some time before they die.
infancy is not what it is cracked up to be.
the child seems happy all the time to the adult, because the adult knows that the child is untouched by the real problems of life; if the adult were similarly untouched he is sure that he would be happy.
but children, not knowing that they are having an easy time, have a good many hard times.
growing and learning and obeying the rules of their elders, or fighting against them, are not easy things to do.
adolescence is certainly far from a uniformly pleasant period.
early manhood might be the most glorious time of all were it not that the sheer excess of life and vigor gets a fellow into continual scrapes.
of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles.
it is to old age that we look for reimbursement, the most of us.
for the most of us have been wrenched and racked, in one way or another, until old age is the most trying time of all.
in the almost perfect state every person shall have at least ten years before he dies of easy, carefree, happy living ... things will be so arranged economically that this will be possible for each individual.
personally we look forward to an old age of dissipation and indolence and unreverend disrepute.
in fifty years we shall be ninety-two years old.
we intend to work rather hard during those fifty years and accumulate enough to live on without working any more for the next ten years, for we have determined to die at the age of one hundred and two.
during the last ten years we shall indulge ourself in many things that we have been forced by circumstances to forego.
we have always been compelled, and we shall be compelled for many years to come, to be prudent, cautious, staid, sober, conservative, industrious, respectful of established institutions, a model citizen.
we have not liked it, but we have been unable to escape it.
our mind, our logical faculties, our observation, inform us that the conservatives have the right side of the argument in all human affairs.
but the people whom we really prefer as associates, though we do not approve their ideas, are the rebels, the radicals, the wastrels, the vicious, the poets, the bolshevists, the idealists, the nuts, the lucifers, the agreeable good-for-nothings, the sentimentalists, the prophets, the freaks.
we have never dared to know any of them, far less become intimate with them.
between the years of ninety-two and a hundred and two, however, we shall be the ribald, useless, drunken outcast person we have always wished to be.
we shall have a long white beard and long white hair; we shall not walk at all, but recline in a wheel chair and bellow for alcoholic beverages; in the winter we shall sit before the fire with our feet in a bucket of hot water, with a decanter of corn whiskey near at hand, and write ribald songs against organized society; strapped to one arm of our chair will be a forty-five caliber revolver, and we shall shoot out the lights when we want to go to sleep, instead of turning them off; when we want air we shall throw a silver candlestick through the front window and be damned to it; we shall address public meetings to which we have been invited because of our wisdom in a vein of jocund malice.
we shall ... but we don't wish to make any one envious of the good time that is coming to us ... we look forward to a disreputable, vigorous, unhonored and disorderly old age.
(in the meantime, of course, you understand, you can't have us pinched and deported for our yearnings.)
we shall know that the almost perfect state is here when the kind of old age each person wants is possible to him.
of course, all of you may not want the kind we want ... some of you may prefer prunes and morality to the bitter end.
some of you may be dissolute now and may look forward to becoming like one of the nice old fellows in a wordsworth poem.
but for our part we have always been a hypocrite and we shall have to continue being a hypocrite for a good many years yet, and we yearn to come out in our true colors at last.
the point is, that no matter what you want to be, during those last ten years, that you may be, in the almost perfect state.
any system of government under which the individual does all the sacrificing for the sake of the general good, for the sake of the community, the state, gets off on its wrong foot.
we don't want things that cost us too much.
we don't want too much strain all the time.
the best good that you can possibly achieve is not good enough if you have to strain yourself all the time to reach it.
a thing is only worth doing, and doing again and again, if you can do it rather easily, and get some joy out of it.
do the best you can, without straining yourself too much and too continuously, and leave the rest to god.
if you strain yourself too much you'll have to ask god to patch you up.
and for all you know, patching you up may take time that it was planned to use some other way.
for this reason: the things you create easily and joyously will not continue to come easily and joyously unless you yourself are getting bigger all the time.
and when you overstrain yourself you are assisting in the creation of a new self--if you get what we mean.
and if you should ask us suddenly just what this has to do with the picture of the old guy in the wheel chair we should answer: hanged if we know, but we seemed to sort o' run into it, somehow.
there seems to be a feeling in many quarters that if we could get speech with the martians, let us say, we might learn from them something to our advantage.
there is a disposition to concede the superiority of the fellows out there ... just as some americans capitulate without a struggle to poets from england, rugs from constantinople, song and sausage from germany, religious enthusiasts from hindustan and cheese from switzerland, although they have not tested the goods offered and really lack the discrimination to determine their quality.
almost the only foreign importations that were ever sneezed at in this country were swedish matches and spanish influenza.
but are the martians ... if martians there be ... any more capable than the persons dwelling between the woolworth building and the golden horn, between shwe dagon and the first church, scientist, in boston, mass.?
they are both right and wrong, as we are probably both right and wrong about them.
if we tumbled into mars or arcturus or sirius this evening we should find the people there discussing the shimmy, the jazz, the inconstancy of cooks and the iniquity of retail butchers, no doubt ... and they would be equally disappointed by the way we flitter, frivol, flutter and flivver.
and yet, that other thing would be there too ... that thing that made them look at our star as a symbol of grace and beauty.
we used sometimes to walk over the brooklyn bridge, that song in stone and steel of an engineer who was also a great artist, at dusk, when the tides of shadow flood in from the lower bay to break in a surf of glory and mystery and illusion against the tall towers of manhattan.
seen from the middle arch of the bridge at twilight, new york with its girdle of shifting waters and its drift of purple cloud and its quick pulsations of unstable light is a miracle of splendor and beauty that lights up the heart like the laughter of a god.
and beauty that was created by these people and people like these.... you have seen the tall towers of manhattan, wonderful under the stars.
how did it come about that such growths came from such soil--that a breed lawless and sordid and prosaic has written such a mighty hieroglyphic against the sky?
this glamor out of a pigsty ... how come?
how is it that this hideous, half-brute city is also beautiful and a fit habitation for demi-gods?
it comes about because the wise and subtle deities permit nothing worthy to be lost.
it was with no thought of beauty that the builders labored; no conscious thought; they were masters or slaves in the bitter wars of commerce, and they never saw as a whole what they were making; no one of them did.
and the baffled dreams and the broken visions and the ruined hopes and the secret desires of each one labored with him as he labored; the things that were lost and beaten and trampled down went into the stone and steel and gave it soul; the aspiration denied and the hope abandoned and the vision defeated were the things that lived, and not the apparent purpose for which each one of all the millions sweat and toiled or cheated; the hidden things, the silent things, the winged things, so weak they are easily killed, the unacknowledged things, the rejected beauty, the strangled appreciation, the inchoate art, the submerged spirit--these groped and found each other and gathered themselves together and worked themselves into the tiles and mortar of the edifice and made a town that is a worthy fellow of the sunrise and the sea winds.
the individual aspiration is always defeated of its perfect fruition and expression, but it is never lost; it passes into the conglomerate being of the race.
the way to encourage yourself about the human race is to look at it first from a distance; look at the lights on the high spots.
coming closer, you will be profoundly discouraged at the number of low spots, not to say two-spots.
coming still closer, you will become discouraged once more by the reflection that the same stuff that is in the high spots is also in the two-spots.
you will notice (forgive us for pointing out these things) how quietly the quoted title pays tribute to the gallantry of the destroyers that stood by the sinking ship; and the heroism of the chief officer's death is not less moving because told in two sentences.
in the long roll of great writers who have reflected the simplicity and severity of sea life, captain bone will take a permanent and honorable place.
a sense of security is difficult of definition.
largely, it is founded upon habit and association.
it is induced and maintained by familiar surroundings.
on board ship, in a small world of our own, we seem to be contained by the boundaries of the bulwarks, to be sailing beyond the influences of the land and of other ships.
the sea is the same we have known for so long.
every item of our ship fitment--the trim arrangement of the decks, the set and rake of mast and funnel, even the furnishings of our cabins--has the power of impressing a stable feeling of custom, normal ship life, safety.
it requires an effort of thought to recall that in their homely presence we are endangered.
relating his experiences after having been mined and his ship sunk, a master confided that the point that impressed him most deeply was when he went to his room for the confidential papers and saw the cabin exactly in everyday aspect--his longshore clothes suspended from the hooks, his umbrella standing in a corner as he had placed it on coming aboard.
soldiers on service are denied this aid to assurance.
unlike us, they cannot carry their home with them to the battlefields.
all their scenes and surroundings are novel; they may only draw a reliance and comfort from the familiar presence of their comrades.
at sea in a ship there is a yet greater incitement to their disquiet.
the movement, the limitless sea, the distance from the land, cannot be ignored.
the atmosphere that is so familiar and comforting to us, is to many of them an environment of dread possibilities.
it is with some small measure of this sense of security--tempered by our knowledge of enemy activity in these waters--we pace the bridge.
some hours past, we saw small flotsam that may have come from the decks of a french mail steamer, torpedoed three days ago.
the passing of the derelict fittings aroused some disquiet, but the steady routine of our progress and the constant friendly presence of familiar surroundings has effect in allaying immediate fears.
the rounds of the bridge go on--the writing of the log, the tapping of the glass, the small measures that mark the passing of our sea-hours.
two days out from marseilles--and all well!
in another two days we should be approaching the canal, and then--to be clear of 'submarine waters' for a term.
a light wind and sea accompany us for the present, but the filmy glare of the sun, now low, and a backward movement of the glass foretells a break ere long.
we are steaming at high speed to make the most of the smooth sea.
added to the watch of the ship's crew, military signalers are posted; the boats swung outboard have each a party of troops on guard.
an alarmed cry from aloft--a half-uttered order to the steersman--an explosion, low down in the bowels of the ship, that sets her reeling in her stride!
the upthrow comes swiftly on the moment of impact.
hatches, coal, a huge column of solid water go skyward in a hurtling mass to fall in torrent on the bridge.
part of a human body strikes the awning spars and hangs--watch-keepers are borne to the deck by the weight of water--the steersman falls limply over the wheel with blood pouring from a gash on his forehead.... then silence for a stunned half-minute, with only the thrust of the engines marking the heartbeats of the stricken ship.
most of our men are young recruits: they have been but two days on the sea.
the torpedo has gone hard home at the very weakest hour of our calculated drill.
the troops are at their evening meal when the blow comes, the explosion killing many outright.
we had counted on a proportion of the troops being on the deck, a steadying number to balance the sudden rush from below that we foresaw in emergency.
hurrying from the mess-decks as enjoined, the quick movement gathers way and intensity: the decks become jammed by the pressure, the gangways and passages are blocked in the struggle.
the officer commanding troops has come on the bridge at the first alarm.
his juniors have opportunity to take their stations before the struggling mass reaches to the boats.
the impossibility of getting among the men on the lower decks makes the military officers' efforts to restore confidence difficult.
they are aided from an unexpected quarter.
the bridge-boy makes unofficial use of our megaphone.
the lad is plainly in sight to the crowd on the decks.
noise there still is, but the movement is arrested.
the engines are stopped--we are now beyond range of a second torpedo--and steam thunders in exhaust, making our efforts to control movements by voice impossible.
at the moment of the impact the destroyers have swung round and are casting here and there like hounds on the scent: the dull explosion of a depth-charge--then another, rouses a fierce hope that we are not unavenged.
the force of the explosion has broken connections to the wireless room, but the aerial still holds and, when a measure of order on the boatdeck allows, we send a message of our peril broadcast.
there is no doubt in our minds of the outcome.
our bows, drooping visibly, tell that we shall not float long.
there are boats for sixteen hundred--then rafts.
boats--rafts--and the glass is falling at a rate that shows bad weather over the western horizon!
our drill, that provided for lowering the boats with only half-complements in them, will not serve.
we pass orders to lower away in any condition, however overcrowded.
the way is off the ship, and it is with some apprehension we watch the packed boats that drop away from the davit heads.
the shrill ring of the block-sheaves indicates a tension that is not far from breaking-point.
many of the life-boats reach the water safely with their heavy burdens, but the strain on the tackles--far beyond their working load--is too great for all to stand to it.
the men in them are thrown violently to the water, where they float in the wash and shattered planking.
a third dangles from the after fall, having shot her manning out at parting of the forward tackle.
lowered by the stern, she rights, disengages, and drifts aft with the men clinging to the life-lines.
we can make no attempt to reach the men in the water.
their life-belts are sufficient to keep them afloat: the ship is going down rapidly by the head, and there remains the second line of boats to be hoisted and swung over.
the fingers of two hands suffice to mark our estimate.
the decks are now angled to the deepening pitch of the bows.
pumps are utterly inadequate to make impression on the swift inflow.
the chief engineer comes to the bridge with a hopeless report.
already the water is lapping at a level of the foredeck.
troops massed there and on the forecastle-head are apprehensive: it is indeed a wonder that their officers have held them for so long.
the commanding officer sets example by a cool nonchalance that we envy.
posted with us on the bridge, his quick eyes note the flood surging in the pent 'tween-decks below, from which his men have removed the few wounded.
even in our fear and anxiety and distress, we cannot but admire the precision of the destroyer captain's manuver--the skilful avoidance of our crowded life-boats and the men in the water--the sudden stoppage of her way and the cant that brings her to a standstill at the lip of our brimming decks.
the troops who have stood so well to orders have their reward in an easy leap to safety.
it is when the most of the life-boats are gone we realize fully the gallant service of the destroyers.
there remain the rafts, but many of these have been launched over to aid the struggling men in the water.
half an hour has passed since we were struck--thirty minutes of frantic endeavor to debark our men--yet still the decks are thronged by a packed mass that seems but little reduced.
the coming of the destroyers alters the outlook.
alert and confident, the naval men accept the great risks of their position.
the ship's bows are entered to the water at a steep incline.
every minute the balance is weighing, casting her stern high in the air.
the bulkheads are by now taking place of keel and bearing the huge weight of her on the water.
at any moment she may go without a warning, to crash into the light hull of the destroyer and bear her down.
for all the circling watch of her sister ship, the submarine--if still he lives--may get in a shot at the standing target.
it is with a deep relief we signal the captain to bear off.
the zigzag clock in the wheelhouse goes on ringing the angles of time and course as though we were yet under helm and speed.
for a short term we have noted that the ship appears to have reached a point of arrest in her foundering droop.
she remains upright as she has been since righting herself after the first inrush of water.
like the lady she always was, she has added no fearsome list to the sum of our distress.
the familiar bridge, on which so many of our safe sea-days have been spent, is canted at an angle that makes foothold uneasy.
the end will come swiftly, without warning--a sudden rupture of the bulkhead that is sustaining her weight.
striving and wrenching to man-handle the only remaining boat--rendered idle for want of the tackles that have parted on service of its twin--we succeed in pointing her outboard, and await a further deepening of the bows ere launching her.
of the military, the officer commanding, some few of his juniors, a group of other ranks, stand by.
the senior officers of the ship, a muster of seamen, a few stewards, are banded with us at the last.
we expect no further service of the destroyers.
the position of the ship is over-menacing to any approach.
steaming at a short distance they have the appearance of being heavily overloaded; each has a staggering list and lies low in the water under their deck encumbrance.
we have only the hazard of a quick out-throw of the remaining boat and the chances of a grip on floating wreckage to count upon.
unheeding our warning hail, she steams across the bows and backs at a high speed: her rounded stern jars on our hull plates, a whaler and the davits catch on a projection and give with the ring of buckling steel--she turns on the throw of the propellers and closes aboard with a resounding impact that sets her living deck-load to stagger.
scrambling down the life-ropes, our small company endeavors to get foothold on her decks.
the destroyer widens off at the rebound, but by clutch of friendly hands the men are dragged aboard.
a soldier loses grip and goes to the water.
tired and unstrung as he must be by the devoted labors of the last half-hour, he is in no condition to effect a rescue.
a sudden deep rumble from within the sinking ship warns the destroyer captain to go ahead.
we are given no chance to aid our shipmates: the propellers tear the water in a furious race that sweeps them away, and we draw off swiftly from the side of the ship.
nobly she has held afloat to the debarking of the last man.
evenly, steadily, as we had seen her leave the launching ways at meadowside, she goes down.
i have chosen this brief and colorful little sketch to represent his talent because it is different from the work with which most of his readers are familiar, and because it represents a mood very characteristic of him--an imaginative and observant treatment of the workings of commerce.
his interest in fruit is intimate, as he has been for some years an engineer in the sea service of the united fruit company, with a mediterranean interim--reflected in much of his recent writing--during the war.
there is a sharp, imperative rap on my outer door; a rap having within its insistent urgency a shadow of delicate diffidence, as though the person responsible were a trifle scared of the performance and on tiptoe to run away.
for a man who gets up at say four-thirty is regarded with aversion ashore.
his family express themselves with superfluous vigor.
he must lie still and meditate, or suffer the ignominy of being asked when he is going away again.
but this morning, in these old chambers in an ancient inn buried in the heart of london city, i have agreed to get up and go out.
the reason for this momentous departure from a life of temporary but deliberate indolence is a lady.
well, she is not far to seek, being on the outside of my heavy oak door, tapping, as already hinted, with a sharp insistent delicacy.
to this romantic summons i reply with an articulate growl of acquiescence, and proceed to get ready.
to relieve the anxiety of any reader who imagines an impending elopement it may be stated in succinct truthfulness that we are bound on no such desperate venture.
we are going round the corner a few blocks up the strand, to covent garden market, to see the arrival of the metropolitan supply of produce.
having accomplished a hasty toilet, almost as primitive as that favored by gentlemen aroused to go on watch, and placating an occasional repetition of the tapping by brief protests and reports of progress, i take hat and cane, and drawing the huge antique bolts of my door, discover a young woman standing by the window looking out upon the quadrangle of the old inn.
that is her profession, or one of her professions--writing articles for the press.
the other profession is selling manuscripts, which constitutes the tender bond between us.
for the usual agent's commission she is selling one of my manuscripts.
being an unattached and, as it were, unprotected male, she plans little excursions about london to keep me instructed and entertained.
here she is attired in the flamboyant finery of a london flowergirl.
she is about to get the necessary copy for a special article in a morning paper.
with the exception of a certain expectant flash of her bright black irish eyes, she is entirely businesslike.
commenting on the beauty of an early summer morning in town, we descend, and passing out under the ponderous ancient archway, we make our leisurely progress westward down the strand.
london is always beautiful to those who love and understand that extraordinary microcosm; but at five of a summer morning there is about her an exquisite quality of youthful fragrance and debonair freshness which goes to the heart.
early 'buses rumble by from neighboring barns where they have spent the night.
and, as we near the new gaiety theatre, thrusting forward into the great rivers of traffic soon to pour round its base like some bold byzantine promontory, we see waterloo bridge thronged with wagons, piled high.
from all quarters they are coming, past charing cross the great wains are arriving from paddington terminal, from the market-garden section of middlesex and surrey.
down wellington street come carts laden with vegetables from brentwood and coggeshall, and neat vans packed with crates of watercress which grows in the lush lowlands of suffolk and cambridgeshire, and behind us are thundering huge four-horse vehicles from the docks, vehicles with peaches from south africa, potatoes from the canary islands, onions from france, apples from california, oranges from the west indies, pineapples from central america, grapes from spain and bananas from colombia.
we turn in under an archway behind a theatre and adjacent to the stage-door of the opera house.
the booths are rapidly filling with produce.
gentlemen in long alpaca coats and carrying formidable marbled note-books walk about with an important air.
a mountain range of pumpkins rises behind a hill of cabbages.
festoons of onions are being suspended from rails.
the heads of barrels are being knocked in, disclosing purple grapes buried in corkdust.
pears and figs, grown under glass for wealthy patrons, repose in soft tissue-lined boxes.
a broken crate of tangerine oranges has spilled its contents in a splash of ruddy gold on the plank runway.
a wagon is driven in, a heavy load of beets, and the broad wheels crush through the soft fruit so that the air is heavy with the acrid sweetness.
we pick our way among the booths and stalls until we find the flowers.
here is a crowd of ladies, young, so-so and some quite matronly, and all dressed in this same flamboyant finery of which i have spoken.
they are grouped about an almost overpowering mass of blooms.
there is a satisfying solidity about the bunches, a glorious abundance which, in a commodity so easily enjoyed without ownership, is scarcely credible.
i feel no desire to own these huge aggregations of odorous beauty.
it would be like owning a harem, one imagines.
violets, solid patches of vivid blue in round baskets, eglantine in dainty boxes, provide a foil to the majestic blazonry of the roses and the dew-spangled forest of maiden-hair fern near by.
demands my companion, diverted for a moment from the flowers.
she nods towards a mass of dull-green affairs piled on mats or being lifted from big vans.
she is a cockney and displays surprise when she is told those things are bananas.
she shrugs and turns again to the musk-roses, and forgets.
but to me, as the harsh, penetrating odor of the green fruit cuts across the heavy perfume of the flowers, comes a picture of the farms in distant colombia or perhaps costa rica.
there is nothing like an odor to stir memories.
i see the timber pier and the long line of rackety open-slatted cars jangling into the dark shed, pushed by a noisy, squealing locomotive.
i see the boys lying asleep between shifts, their enormous straw hats covering their faces as they sprawl.
in the distance rise the blue mountains; behind is the motionless blue sea.
i hear the whine of the elevators, the monotonous click of the counters, the harsh cries of irresponsible and argumentative natives.
i feel the heat of the tropic day, and see the gleam of the white waves breaking on yellow sands below tall palms.
i recall the mysterious impenetrable solitude of the jungle, a solitude alive, if one is equipped with knowledge, with a ceaseless warfare of winged and crawling hosts.
and while my companion is busily engaged in getting copy for a special article about the market, i step nimbly out of the way of a swarthy gentleman from calabria, who with his two-wheeled barrow is the last link in the immense chain of transportation connecting the farmer in the distant tropics and the cockney pedestrian who halts on the sidewalk and purchases a banana for a couple of pennies.
is probably the best thing joyce kilmer ever wrote, and shows the vein of real tenderness and insight that lay beneath his lively and versatile career on grub street.
in him, as in many idealists, the irish theme had become legendary, it was part of his religion and his dream-life, and he treated it with real affection and humor.
you will find it cropping out many times in his verses.
the irish problem as it is reflected in this country is not always clearly understood.
ireland, in the minds of our poets, is a mystical land of green hills, saints and leprechauns, and its political problems are easy.
this sketch is taken from the second of the three volumes in which robert cortes holliday, his friend and executor, has collected joyce kilmer's work.
we had hiked seventeen miles that stormy december day--the third of a four days' journey.
the snow was piled high on our packs, our rifles were crusted with ice, the leather of our hob-nailed boots was frozen stiff over our lamed feet.
the weary lieutenant led us to the door of a little house in a side street.
a dozen of us dropped out of the ranks and dragged ourselves over the threshold.
we tracked snow and mud over a spotless stone floor.
before an open fire stood madame and the three children--a girl of eight years, a boy of five, a boy of three.
they stared with round frightened eyes at les soldats americans, the first they had ever seen.
we at once climbed to the chill attic, our billet, our lodging for the night.
first we lifted the packs from one another's aching shoulders: then, without spreading our blankets, we lay down on the bare boards.
for ten minutes there was silence, broken by an occasional groan, an oath, the striking of a match.
cigarettes glowed like fireflies in a forest.
there was no sergeant reilly to be found.
and with the curiosity of the american and the enthusiasm of the irish we lumbered downstairs in quest of sergeant reilly.
he was sitting on a low bench by the fire.
his shoes were off and his bruised feet were in a pail of cold water.
he was too good a soldier to expose them to the heat at once.
the little girl was on his lap and the little boys stood by and envied him.
exclaimed madame, and she and all the children began to talk at the top of their voices.
what they said heaven knows, but the tones were friendly, even admiring.
she says yez can all take off your shoes and dry your socks by the fire.
now madame, a woman of some forty years, was a true bourgeoise, with all the thrift of her class.
and by the terms of her agreement with the authorities she was required to let the soldiers have for one night the attic of her house to sleep in--nothing more; no light, no heat.
also, wood is very expensive in france--for reasons that are engraven in letters of blood on the pages of history.
and she brought nearer to the fire all the chairs the establishment possessed and some chests and boxes to be used as seats.
and she and the little girl, whose name was solange, went out into the snow and came back with heaping armfuls of small logs.
we surrounded it, and soon the air was thick with steam from our drying socks.
meanwhile madame and the sergeant had generously admitted all eleven of us into their conversation.
those of us who knew a little more of the language of the country acted as interpreters for the others.
we learned the names of the children and their ages.
we learned that our hostess was a widow.
her husband had fallen in battle just one month before our arrival in her home.
she showed us with simple pride and affection and restrained grief his picture.
then she showed us those of her two brothers--one now fighting at salonica, the other a prisoner of war--of her mother and father, of herself dressed for first communion.
this last picture she showed somewhat shyly, as if doubting that we would understand it.
but when one of us asked in halting french if solange, her little daughter, had yet made her first communion, then madame's face cleared.
at once rosary beads were flourished to prove our right to answer this question affirmatively.
tattered prayer-books and somewhat dingy scapulars were brought to light.
madame and the children chattered their surprise and delight to each other, and every exhibit called for a new outburst.
(which last exclamation sounded in no wise as irreverent as it looks in print).
now other treasures, too, were shown--treasures chiefly photographic.
there were family groups, there were coney island snapshots.
and madame and the children were a gratifyingly appreciative audience.
they admired and sympathized; they exclaimed appropriately at the beauty of every girl's face, the tenderness of every pictured mother.
she had admitted us into her family and we her into ours.
soldiers--american soldiers of irish descent--have souls and hearts.
these organs (if the soul may be so termed) had been satisfied.
but our stomachs remained--and that they yearned was evident to us.
should we force our wet shoes on again and plod through the snowy streets to the temporary mess-shack?
we knew our supply wagons had not succeeded in climbing the last hill into town, and that therefore bread and unsweetened coffee would be our portion.
but sergeant reilly rose to the occasion.
the proposal was received joyously at first.
and again the spiritual temperature of the room fell.
it was long after pay-day, and we were not hopeful of the results of the search.
but the wealthy (that is, those who had two francs) made up for the poor (that is, those who had two sous).
and among the coins on the table i noticed an american dime, an english half-crown and a chinese piece with a square hole in the center.
in negotiable tender the money came in all to eight francs.
it takes more money than that to feed twelve hungry soldiers these days in france.
so an ex-seminarian, an ex-bookkeeper and an ex-street-car conductor aided sergeant reilly in explaining in french that had both a brogue and a yankee twang that we were hungry, that this was all the money we had in the world, and that we wanted her to cook us something to eat.
in a jiffy she had the money in solange's hand and had that admirable child cloaked and wooden-shod for the street, and fully informed as to what she was to buy.
what madame and the children had intended to have for supper i do not know, for there was nothing in the kitchen but the fire, the stove, the table, some shelves of dishes and an enormous bed.
nothing in the way of a food cupboard could be seen.
and the only other room of the house was the bare attic.
the whole represented, as was afterward demonstrated, exactly the sum of ten francs, fifty centimes.
well, we all set to work peeling potatoes.
then with a veritable french trench-knife madame cut the potatoes into long strips.
meanwhile solange had put the lump of fat into the big black pot that hung by a chain over the fire.
in the boiling grease the potatoes were placed, madame standing by with a big ladle punched full of holes (i regret that i do not know the technical name for this instrument) and keeping the potato-strips swimming, zealously frustrating any attempt on their part to lie lazily at the bottom of the pot.
we forgot all about the hike as we sat at supper that evening.
the only absentees were the two little boys, michael and paul.
and they were really absent only from our board--they were in the room, in the great built-in bed that was later to hold also madame and solange.
their little bodies were covered by the three-foot thick mattress-like red silk quilt, but their tousled heads protruded and they watched us unblinkingly all the evening.
but just as we sat down, before sergeant reilly began his task of dishing out the potatoes and starting the bottles on their way, madame stopped her chattering and looked at solange.
and solange stopped her chattering and looked at madame.
and they both looked rather searchingly at us.
we didn't know what was the matter, but we felt rather embarrassed.
then madame began to talk, slowly and loudly, as one talks to make foreigners understand.
and the gist of her remarks was that she was surprised to see that american catholics did not say grace before eating like french catholics.
but it was not sergeant reilly who saved the situation.
madame and solange, obviously relieved, joined us in the amen, and we sat down again to eat.
there was not much conversation--except on the part of madame and solange--but there was plenty of good cheer.
also there was enough cheese and bread and wine and potatoes for all of us--half starved as we were when we sat down.
even big considine, who drains a can of condensed milk at a gulp and has been known to eat an apple pie without stopping to take breath, was satisfied.
there were toasts, also, all proposed by sergeant reilly--toasts to madame, and to the children, and to france, and to the united states, and to the old gray mare (this last toast having an esoteric significance apparent only to illuminati of sergeant reilly's circle).
we were warm and happy and full of good food and good wine.
i spied a slip of paper on the floor by solange's foot and unashamedly read it.
it was an accounting for the evening's expenditures--totaling exactly ten francs and fifty centimes.
now when soldiers are unhappy--during a long, hard hike, for instance--they sing to keep up their spirits.
and when they are happy, as on the evening now under consideration, they sing to express their satisfaction with life.
we informed madame, solange, paul, michael, in fact, the whole village, that we had never been a wanderer and that we longed for our indiana home.
and sergeant reilly obliged with a reel--in his socks--to an accomplishment of whistling and handclapping.
now, it was our hostess's turn to entertain.
she responded, first by much talk, much consultation with solange, and finally by going to one of the shelves that held the pans and taking down some paper-covered books.
there was more consultation, whispered this time, and much turning of pages.
then, after some preliminary coughing and humming, the music began--the woman's rich alto blending with the child's shrill but sweet notes.
why she should have thought that an appropriate song to offer this company of rough soldiers from a distant land i do not know.
and why we found it appropriate it is harder still to say.
but it did seem appropriate to all of us--to sergeant reilly, to jim (who used to drive a truck), to larry (who sold cigars), to frank (who tended a bar on fourteenth street).
it seemed, for some reason, eminently fitting.
not one of us then or later expressed any surprise that this hymn, familiar to most of us since our mothers first led us to the parish church down the pavements of new york or across the irish hills, should be sung to us in this strange land and in these strange circumstances.
and after taps had sounded in the street outside our door, and there was yawning, and wrist-watches were being scanned, the evening's entertainment ended, by general consent, with patriotic selections.
solange came to our rescue with two little pamphlets containing the song, so we looked over each other's shoulders and got to work in earnest.
but during the final stanza madame did not sing.
she leaned against the great family bedstead and looked at us.
she had taken one of the babies from under the red comforter and held him to her breast.
one of her red and toil-scarred hands half covered his fat little back.
there was a gentle dignity about that plain, hard-working woman, that soldier's widow--we all felt it.
and some of us saw the tears in her eyes.
there are mists, faint and beautiful and unchanging, that hang over the green slopes of some mountains i know.
i have seen them on the irish hills and i have seen them on the hills of france.
i think that they are made of the tears of good brave women.
before i went to sleep that night i exchanged a few words with sergeant reilly.
we lay side by side on the floor, now piled with straw.
blankets, shelter-halves, slickers and overcoats insured warm sleep.
sergeant reilly's hard old face was wrapped round with his muffler.
the final cigarette of the day burned lazily in a corner of his mouth.
he grunted affirmatively, then puffed in silence for a few minutes.
then he deftly spat the cigarette into a strawless portion of the floor, where it glowed for a few seconds before it went out.
she didn't make a damn cent on that feed, you know.
the kid spent all the money we give her.
and she's out about six francs for firewood, too--i wish to god i had the money to pay her.
i bet she'll go cold for a week now, and hungry, too.
and look at the way she and the little sallie there sung for us.
it's forty years since i heard a hymn sung in a kitchen, and it was my mother, god rest her, that sang them.
i sort of realize what we're fighting for now, and i never did before.
it's for women like that and their kids.
i remembered when i was a boy in shangolden.
i wonder if there's many women like that in france now--telling their beads and singing the old hymns and treating poor traveling men the way she's just after treating us.
there used to be lots of women like that in the old country.
is it permissible to wonder what some newspaper owners--say mr. hearst--would reply to that?
mr. conrad's career is too well known to be annotated here.
if by any chance the reader is not acquainted with it, it will be to his soul's advantage to go to a public library and look it up.
as a general rule we do not want much encouragement to talk about ourselves; yet this little book[a] is the result of a friendly suggestion, and even of a little friendly pressure.
it was not an argument, but i submitted at once.
he who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word.
the power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
i don't say this by way of disparagement.
it is better for mankind to be impressionable than reflective.
nothing humanely great--great, i mean, as affecting a whole mass of lives--has come from reflection.
on the other hand, you cannot fail to see the power of mere words; such words as glory, for instance, or pity.
shouted with perseverance, with ardor, with conviction, these two by their sound alone have set whole nations in motion and upheaved the dry, hard ground on which rests our whole social fabric.
of course, the accent must be attended to.
the capacious lung, the thundering or the tender vocal chords.
don't talk to me of your archimedes' lever.
he was an absent-minded person with a mathematical imagination.
mathematics commands all my respect, but i have no use for engines.
give me the right word and the right accent and i will move the world.
because written words have their accent, too.
surely it must be lying somewhere among the wreckage of all the plaints and all the exultations poured out aloud since the first day when hope, the undying, came down on earth.
it may be there, close by, disregarded, invisible, quite at hand.
i believe there are men who can lay hold of a needle in a pottle of hay at the first try.
for who is going to tell whether the accent is right or wrong till the word is shouted, and fails to be heard, perhaps, and goes down-wind, leaving the world unmoved?
once upon a time there lived an emperor who was a sage and something of a literary man.
he jotted down on ivory tablets thoughts, maxims, reflections which chance has preserved for the edification of posterity.
this is very fine, but i am thinking that it is an easy matter for an austere emperor to jot down grandiose advice.
most of the working truths on this earth are humble, not heroic; and there have been times in the history of mankind when the accents of heroic truth have moved it to nothing but derision.
nobody will expect to find between the covers of this little book words of extraordinary potency or accents of irresistible heroism.
however humiliating for my self-esteem, i must confess that the counsels of marcus aurelius are not for me.
they are more fit for a moralist than for an artist.
truth of a modest sort i can promise you, and also sincerity.
that complete, praiseworthy sincerity which, while it delivers one into the hands of one's enemies, is as likely as not to embroil one with one's friends.
i can't imagine among either my enemies or my friends a being so hard up for something to do as to quarrel with me.
most, almost all, friendships of the writing period of my life have come to me through my books; and i know that a novelist lives in his work.
he stands there, the only reality in an invented world, among imaginary things, happenings, and people.
writing about them, he is only writing about himself.
he remains, to a certain extent, a figure behind the veil; a suspected rather than a seen presence--a movement and a voice behind the draperies of fiction.
in these personal notes there is no such veil.
this is the danger incurred by an author of fiction who sets out to talk about himself without disguise.
while these reminiscent pages were appearing serially i was remonstrated with for bad economy; as if such writing were a form of self-indulgence wasting the substance of future volumes.
it seems that i am not sufficiently literary.
indeed, a man who never wrote a line for print till he was thirty-six cannot bring himself to look upon his existence and his experience, upon the sum of his thoughts, sensations, and emotions, upon his memories and his regrets, and the whole possession of his past, as only so much material for his hands.
but, truth to say, i have never understood the kind of thrift they recommend.
i wanted to pay my tribute to the sea, its ships and its men, to whom i remain indebted for so much which has gone to make me what i am.
that seemed to me the only shape in which i could offer it to their shades.
there could not be a question in my mind of anything else.
it is quite possible that i am a bad economist; but it is certain that i am incorrigible.
having matured in the surroundings and under the special conditions of sea life, i have a special piety toward that form of my past; for its impressions were vivid, its appeal direct, its demands such as could be responded to with the natural elation of youth and strength equal to the call.
there was nothing in them to perplex a young conscience.
having broken away from my origins under a storm of blame from every quarter which had the merest shadow of right to voice an opinion, removed by great distances from such natural affections as were still left to me, and even estranged, in a measure, from them by the totally unintelligible character of the life which had seduced me so mysteriously from my allegiance, i may safely say that through the blind force of circumstances the sea was to be all my world and the merchant service my only home for a long succession of years.
one's literary life must turn frequently for sustenance to memories and seek discourse with the shades, unless one has made up one's mind to write only in order to reprove mankind for what it is, or praise it for what it is not, or--generally--to teach it how to behave.
being neither quarrelsome, nor a flatterer, nor a sage, i have done none of these things, and i am prepared to put up serenely with the insignificance which attaches to persons who are not meddlesome in some way or other.
i would not like to be left standing as a mere spectator on the bank of the great stream carrying onward so many lives.
i would fain claim for myself the faculty of so much insight as can be expressed in a voice of sympathy and compassion.
fifteen years of unbroken silence before praise or blame testify sufficiently to my respect for criticism, that fine flower of personal expression in the garden of letters.
but this is more of a personal matter, reaching the man behind the work, and therefore it may be alluded to in a volume which is a personal note in the margin of the public page.
the charge--if it amounted to a charge at all--was made in the most considerate terms; in a tone of regret.
my answer is that if it be true that every novel contains an element of autobiography--and this can hardly be denied, since the creator can only express himself in his creation--then there are some of us to whom an open display of sentiment is repugnant.
i would not unduly praise the virtue of restraint.
but it is not always a sign of coldness.
there can be nothing more humiliating than to see the shaft of one's emotion miss the mark of either laughter or tears.
and this for the reason that should the mark be missed, should the open display of emotion fail to move, then it must perish unavoidably in disgust or contempt.
no artist can be reproached for shrinking from a risk which only fools run to meet and only genius dare confront with impunity.
in a task which mainly consists in laying one's soul more or less bare to the world, a regard for decency, even at the cost of success, is but the regard for one's own dignity which is inseparably united with the dignity of one's work.
and then--it is very difficult to be wholly joyous or wholly sad on this earth.
the comic, when it is human, soon takes upon itself a face of pain; and some of our griefs (some only, not all, for it is the capacity for suffering which makes man august in the eyes of men) have their source in weaknesses which must be recognized with smiling compassion as the common inheritance of us all.
joy and sorrow in this world pass into each other, mingling their forms and their murmurs in the twilight of life as mysterious as an overshadowed ocean, while the dazzling brightness of supreme hopes lies far off, fascinating and still, on the distant edge of the horizon.
i, too, would like to hold the magic wand giving that command over laughter and tears which is declared to be the highest achievement of imaginative literature.
only, to be a great magician one must surrender oneself to occult and irresponsible powers, either outside or within one's breast.
we have all heard of simple men selling their souls for love or power to some grotesque devil.
the most ordinary intelligence can perceive without much reflection that anything of the sort is bound to be a fool's bargain.
i don't lay claim to particular wisdom because of my dislike and distrust of such transactions.
it may be my sea training acting upon a natural disposition to keep good hold on the one thing really mine, but the fact is that i have a positive horror of losing even for one moving moment that full possession of myself which is the first condition of good service.
and i have earned my notion of good service from my earlier into my later existence.
i, who have never sought in the written word anything else but a form of the beautiful--i have carried over that article of creed from the decks of ships to the more circumscribed space of my desk, and by that act, i suppose, i have become permanently imperfect in the eyes of the ineffable company of pure esthetes.
as in political so in literary action a man wins friends for himself mostly by the passion of his prejudices and by the consistent narrowness of his outlook.
but i have never been able to love what was not lovable or hate what was not hateful out of deference for some general principle.
whether there be any courage in making this admission i know not.
after the middle turn of life's way we consider dangers and joys with a tranquil mind.
so i proceed in peace to declare that i have always suspected in the effort to bring into play the extremities of emotions the debasing touch of insincerity.
in order to move others deeply we must deliberately allow ourselves to be carried away beyond the bounds of our normal sensibility--innocently enough, perhaps, and of necessity, like an actor who raises his voice on the stage above the pitch of natural conversation--but still we have to do that.
but the danger lies in the writer becoming the victim of his own exaggeration, losing the exact notion of sincerity, and in the end coming to despise truth itself as something too cold, too blunt for his purpose--as, in fact, not good enough for his insistent emotion.
from laughter and tears the descent is easy to snivelling and giggles.
these may seem selfish considerations; but you can't, in sound morals, condemn a man for taking care of his own integrity.
and least of all can you condemn an artist pursuing, however humbly and imperfectly, a creative aim.
in that interior world where his thought and his emotions go seeking for the experience of imagined adventures, there are no policemen, no law, no pressure of circumstance or dread of opinion to keep him within bounds.
who then is going to say nay to his temptations if not his conscience?
and besides--this, remember, is the place and the moment of perfectly open talk--i think that all ambitions are lawful except those which climb upward on the miseries or credulities of mankind.
all intellectual and artistic ambitions are permissible, up to and even beyond the limit of prudent sanity.
if they are mad, then so much the worse for the artist.
indeed, as virtue is said to be, such ambitions are their own reward.
is it such a very mad presumption to believe in the sovereign power of one's art, to try for other means, for other ways of affirming this belief in the deeper appeal of one's work?
to try to go deeper is not to be insensible.
a historian of hearts is not a historian of emotions, yet he penetrates further, restrained as he may be, since his aim is to reach the wry fount of laughter and tears.
the sight of human affairs deserves admiration and pity.
and he is not insensible who pays them the undemonstrative tribute of a sigh which is not a sob, and of a smile which is not a grin.
resignation, not mystic, not detached, but resignation open-eyed, conscious, and informed by love, is the only one of our feelings for which it is impossible to become a sham.
not that i think resignation the last word of wisdom.
i am too much the creature of my time for that.
but i think that the proper wisdom is to will what the gods will without, perhaps, being certain what their will is--or even if they have a will of their own.
and in this matter of life and art it is not the why that matters so much to our happiness as the how.
the manner in laughter, in tears, in irony, in indignations and enthusiasms, in judgments--and even in love.
the manner in which, as in the features and character of a human face, the inner truth is foreshadowed for those who know how to look at their kind.
those who read me know my conviction that the world, the temporal world, rests on a few very simple ideas; so simple that they must be as old as the hills.
it rests notably, among others, on the idea of fidelity.
at a time when nothing which is not revolutionary in some way or other can expect to attract much attention i have not been revolutionary in my writings.
the revolutionary spirit is mighty convenient in this, that it frees one from all scruples as regards ideas.
its hard, absolute optimism is repulsive to my mind by the menace of fanaticism and intolerance it contains.
no doubt one should smile at these things; but, imperfect esthete, i am no better philosopher.
all claim to special righteousness awakens in me that scorn and anger from which a philosophical mind should be free.
this last was unquestionably one of the most powerful books born of the war, but its sale was tragically small.
there is no young writer in england from whom one may more confidently expect a continuance of fine work.
this airy and delicious little absurdity is a perfect example of what a genuine humorist can do.
this book often sounds oddly like a translation from vigorous greek--e.g., herodotus.
it is lucid, compact, logical, rich in telling epithet, informal and swift.
if these are not the cardinal prose virtues, what are?
it is commonly said that everybody can sing in the bathroom; and this is true.
drawing, though, is much more difficult.
i have devoted a good deal of time to drawing, one way and another; i have to attend a great many committees and public meetings, and at such functions i find that drawing is almost the only art one can satisfactorily pursue during the speeches.
one really cannot sing during the speeches; so as a rule i draw.
i do not say that i am an expert yet, but after a few more meetings i calculate that i shall know drawing as well as it can be known.
the first thing, of course, is to get on to a really good committee; and by a good committee i mean a committee that provides decent materials.
an ordinary departmental committee is no use: generally they only give you a couple of pages of lined foolscap and no white blotting-paper, and very often the pencils are quite soft.
i know of no material the spoiling of which gives so much artistic pleasure--except perhaps snow.
indeed, if i was asked to choose between making pencil-marks on a sheet of white blotting-paper and making foot-marks on a sheet of white snow i should be in a thingummy.
much the best committees from the point of view of material are committees about business which meet at business premises--shipping offices, for choice.
one of the pacific lines has the best white blotting-paper i know; and the pencils there are a dream.
i am sure the directors of that firm are drawers; for they always give you two pencils, one hard for doing noses, and one soft for doing hair.
when you have selected your committee and the speeches are well away, the drawing begins.
not the chairman, or lord pommery quint, or any member of the committee, but just a man.
many novices make the mistake of selecting a subject for their art before they begin; usually they select the chairman.
and when they find it is more like mr. gladstone they are discouraged.
if they had waited a little it could have been mr. gladstone officially.
as a rule i begin with the forehead and work down to the chin (fig.
this is one of the most difficult parts of drawing; one is never quite sure where the eye goes.
if, however, it is not a good eye, a useful tip is to give the man spectacles; this generally makes him a clergyman, but it helps the eye (fig.
but that is the worst of strong heads; they make it so difficult to join up the chin and the back of the neck.
the next thing to do is to put in the ear; and once you have done this the rest is easy.
ears are much more difficult than eyes (fig.
it seems to me to be a little too far to the southward.
hair may either be very fuzzy or black, or lightish and thin.
it depends chiefly on what sort of pencils are provided.
for myself i prefer black hair, because then the parting shows up better (fig.
doing the hair takes the whole of a speech, usually, even one of the chairman's speeches.
this is not one of my best men; i am sure the ear is in the wrong place.
and i am inclined to think he ought to have spectacles.
only then he would be a clergyman, and i have decided that he is mr. philip gibbs at the age of twenty.
so he must carry on with his eye as it is.
i find that all my best men face to the west; it is a curious thing.
sometimes i draw two men facing each other, but the one facing east is always a dud.
the one on the right is a bolshevik; he has a low forehead and beetling brows--a most unpleasant man.
the one on the left was meant to be another bolshevik, arguing with him.
she is a lady solicitor; but i don't know how she came to be talking to the bolshevik.
trees are the most amusing, especially fluffy trees.
somehow or other a man has got into this landscape; and, as luck would have it, it is napoleon.
apart from this it is not a bad landscape.
there is one other thing i ought to have said.
i found no entry, but every few months i would again rummage that stout red volume with the same intention, forgetting that i had done so before without success.
it seemed hardly credible that a critic so brilliant had been overlooked by the industrious compilers of that work, which includes hundreds of hacks and fourflushers.
so all i can tell you is this, that mr. firkins is to my mind one of the half-dozen most sparkling critics in this country.
one sometimes feels that he is carried a little past his destination by the sheer gusto and hilarity of his antitheses and paradoxes.
that is not so, however, in this essay about o. henry, an author who has often been grotesquely mispraised (i did not say overpraised) by people incompetent to appreciate his true greatness.
mr. firkins suggests the obvious but satisfying answer--new york itself is his triumph.
the new york of o. henry, already almost erased physically, remains a personality and an identity.
the footnotes are, of course, his own.
there are two opinions concerning o. henry.
the middle class views him as the impersonation of vigor and brilliancy; part of the higher criticism sees in him little but sensation and persiflage.
unmixed assertions, however, are commonly mixtures of truth and falsehood; there is room to-day for an estimate which shall respect both opinions and adopt neither.
there is one literary trait in which i am unable to name any writer of tales in any literature who surpasses o.
but its utility is manifest, and it is rare among men: chaucer and shakespeare prove the possibility of its absence in masters of that very branch of art in which its presence would seem to be imperative.
i refer to the designing of stories--not to the primary intuition or to skill in development, in both of which finer phases of invention o. henry has been largely and frequently surpassed, but to the disposition of masses, to the blocking-out of plots.
that a half-educated american provincial should have been original in a field in which original men have been copyists is enough of itself to make his personality observable.
illustration, even of conceded truths, is rarely superfluous.
both are faithful; but the years in which their relation has slept in mutual silence and ignorance have turned the one into a dashing criminal, the other into a sober officer of the law.
behind the picturesque and captivating rendezvous lurks a powerful dramatic situation and a moral problem of arresting gravity.
through the wilderness of apartments on the lower west side a man trails a woman.
chance leads him to the very room in which the woman ended her life the week before.
between him and the truth the avarice of a sordid landlady interposes the curtain of a lie.
in the bed in which the girl slept and died, the man sleeps and dies, and the entrance of the deadly fumes into his nostrils shuts the sinister and mournful coincidence forever from the knowledge of mankind.
o. henry gave these tales neither extension nor prominence; so far as i know, they were received without bravos or salvos.
the distinction of a body of work in which such specimens are undistinguished hardly requires comment.
a few types among these stories may be specified.
this imperfect list is eloquent in its way; it smooths our path to the assertion that o. henry's specialty is the enlistment of original method in the service of traditional appeals.
the ends are the ends of fifty years ago; o. henry transports us by aeroplane to the old homestead.
[c] criticism of o. henry falls into those superlatives and antitheses in which his own faculty delighted.
in mechanical invention he is almost the leader of his race.
in a related quality--a defect--his leadership is even more conspicuous.
i doubt if the sense of the probable, or, more precisely, of the available in the improbable, ever became equally weakened or deadened in a man who made his living by its exercise.
the truth is that we reject not what it is impossible to prove, or even what it is possible to disprove, but what it is impossible to imagine.
o. henry asks us to imagine the unimaginable--that is his crime.
the right and wrong improbabilities may be illustrated from two burglar stories.
this feeling in practice would not triumph over fear and greed; but the feeling is natural, and everybody with a grain of nature in him can imagine its triumph.
this is the wrong use of the improbable.
even an imagination inured to the virtues of burglars and the maturity of small boys will have naught to do with this insanity.
there are inventions in his tales the very utterance of which--not the mere substance but the utterance--on the part of a man not writing from bedlam or for bedlam impresses the reader as incredible.
can human daring or human folly go further?
o. henry is on the spot to prove that they can.
o. henry was not born till september of the same year.
passing on to style, we are still in the land of antithesis.
of the plenitude of its stimulus, there can be no question.
o. henry's public seems imaged in that young man.
the south rounds its periods like its vowels; o. henry has read, not widely, but wisely, in his boyhood.
in conciseness, that spartan virtue, he was strong, though it must be confessed that the tale-teller was now and then hustled from the rostrum by his rival and enemy, the talker.
he can introduce a felicity with a noiselessness that numbers him for a flying second among the sovereigns of english.
i regret the tomfoolery; i wince at the slang.
yet even for these levities with which his pages are so liberally besprinkled or bedaubed, some half-apology may be circumspectly urged.
a horseman who should dismount to pick up a bauble would be childish; o. henry picks it up without dismounting.
slang, again, is most pardonable in the man with whom its use is least exclusive and least necessary.
there are men who, going for a walk, take their dogs with them; there are other men who give a walk to their dogs.
substitute slang for the dog, and the superiority of the first class to the second will exactly illustrate the superiority of o. henry to the abject traffickers in slang.
o. henry's is the type of mind to which images like this four-in-hand and this palm room are presented in exhaustless abundance and unflagging continuity.
there was hardly an object in the merry-go-round of civilized life that had not offered at least an end or an edge to the avidity of his consuming eyes.
nothing escapes from the besom of his allusiveness, and the style is streaked and pied, almost to monotony, by the accumulation of lively details.
if o. henry's style was crude, it was also rare; but it is part of the grimness of the bargain that destiny drives with us that the mixture of the crude and the rare should be a crude mixture, as the sons of whites and negroes are numbered with the blacks.
in the kingdom of style o. henry's estates were princely, but, to pay his debts, he must have sold them all.
thus far in our inquiry extraordinary merits have been offset by extraordinary defects.
to lift our author out of the class of brilliant and skilful entertainers, more is needed.
in o. henry, above the knowledge of setting, which is clear and first-hand, but subsidiary, above the order of events, which is, generally speaking, fantastic, above the emotions, which are sound and warm, but almost purely derivative, there is a rather small, but impressive body of first-hand perspicacities and reactions.
i name, first of all, o. henry's feeling for new york.
with the exception of his new orleans, i care little for his south and west, which are a boyish south and west, and as little, or even less, for his spanish-american communities.
my objection to his opera-bouffe republics is, not that they are inadequate as republics (for that we were entirely prepared), but that they are inadequate as opera.
he lets us see his show from the coulisses.
the pretense lacks standing even among pretenses, and a faith must be induced before its removal can enliven us.
it is of the family of dickens's london and hugo's paris, though it is plainly a cadet in the family.
his new york is intimate and clinging; it is caught in the mesh of the imagination.
o. henry had rare but precious insights into human destiny and human nature.
in these pictures he is not formally accurate; he could never or seldom set his truth before us in that moderation and proportion which truths acquire in the stringencies of actuality.
he was apt to present his insight in a sort of parable or allegory, to upraise it before the eyes of mankind on the mast or flagpole of some vehement exaggeration.
epigram shows us truth in the embrace of a lie, and tales which are dramatized epigrams are subject to a like constraint.
it wanted only the skilled romantic touch of a gautier or stevenson to enroll this tale among the masterpieces of its kind in contemporary letters.
now and then the ingredient of parable is hardly perceptible; we draw close to the bare fact.
o. henry, fortunate in plots, is peculiarly fortunate in his renunciation of plot.
if contrivance is lucrative, it is also costly.
a man in a flat, by force of custom, has come to regard his wife as a piece of furniture.
she departs for a few hours, and, by the break in usage, is restored, in his consciousness, to womanhood.
she comes back, and relapses into furniture.
o. henry could not have given us less--or more.
farcical, clownish, if you will, the story resembles those clowns who carry daggers under their motley.
when john perkins takes up that inauspicious hat, the reader smiles, and quails.
i will mention a few other examples of insights with the proviso that they are not specially commended to the man whose quest in the short story is the electrifying or the calorific.
the picture, if false to species, is faithful to genus.
o. henry's egregiousness, on the superficial side, both in merits and defects, reminds us of those park benches so characteristic of his tales which are occupied by a millionaire at one end and a mendicant at the other.
but, to complete the image, we must add as a casual visitor to that bench a seer or a student, who, sitting down between the previous comers and suspending the flamboyancies of their dialogue, should gaze with the pensive eye of goldsmith or addison upon the passing crowd.
in o. henry american journalism and the victorian tradition meet.
his mind, quick to don the guise of modernity, was impervious to its spirit.
the specifically modern movements, the scientific awakening, the religious upheaval and subsidence, the socialistic gospel, the enfranchisement of women--these never interfered with his artless and joyous pursuit of the old romantic motives of love, hate, wealth, poverty, gentility, disguise, and crime.
on two points a moral record which, in his literature, is everywhere sound and stainless, rises almost to nobility.
in an age when sexual excitement had become available and permissible, this worshiper of stimulus never touched with so much as a fingertip that insidious and meretricious fruit.
the second point is his feeling for underpaid working-girls.
his passionate concern for this wrong derives a peculiar emphasis from the general refusal of his books to bestow countenance or notice on philanthropy in its collective forms.
(meaning one of the bunch of grasping and grinding employers), the response, through all its slang, is soul-stirring.
the author of that retort may have some difficulty with the sentries that watch the entrance of parnassus; he will have none with the gatekeeper of the new jerusalem.
he is an infectious fellow: if you read him much you will find yourself trying to imitate him; there is no harm in doing so: he himself caught the trick from rabelais.
you can refer to it there, which will be good business all round.
i know it is a worthy essay, for much of it was cribbed from an article by mr. thomas seccombe, which an american paper lifted from the english journal which, presumably, paid mr. seccombe for it.
it is one of the best proofs that belloc is a really great artist.
beerbohm does not waste his time mimicking the small fry.
having done so, come again: we will go off in a corner and talk about mr. belloc.
there is a valley in south england remote from ambition and from fear, where the passage of strangers is rare and unperceived, and where the scent of the grass in summer is breathed only by those who are native to that unvisited land.
the roads to the channel do not traverse it; they choose upon either side easier passes over the range.
one track alone leads up through it to the hills, and this is changeable: now green where men have little occasion to go, now a good road where it nears the homesteads and the barns.
the woods grow steep above the slopes; they reach sometimes the very summit of the heights, or, when they cannot attain them, fill in and clothe the coombes.
and, in between, along the floor of the valley, deep pastures and their silence are bordered by lawns of chalky grass and the small yew trees of the downs.
the clouds that visit its sky reveal themselves beyond the one great rise, and sail, white and enormous, to the other, and sink beyond that other.
but the plains above which they have traveled and the weald to which they go, the people of the valley cannot see and hardly recall.
the wind, when it reaches such fields, is no longer a gale from the salt, but fruitful and soft, an inland breeze; and those whose blood was nourished here feel in that wind the fruitfulness of our orchards and all the life that all things draw from the air.
in this place, when i was a boy, i pushed through a fringe of beeches that made a complete screen between me and the world, and i came to a glade called no man's land.
i climbed beyond it, and i was surprised and glad, because from the ridge of that glade, i saw the sea.
the many things that i recovered as i came up the countryside were not less charming than when a distant memory had enshrined them, but much more.
whatever veil is thrown by a longing recollection had not intensified nor even made more mysterious the beauty of that happy ground; not in my very dreams of morning had i, in exile, seen it more beloved or more rare.
much also that i had forgotten now returned to me as i approached--a group of elms, a little turn of the parson's wall, a small paddock beyond the graveyard close, cherished by one man, with a low wall of very old stone guarding it all round.
and all these things fulfilled and amplified my delight, till even the good vision of the place, which i had kept so many years, left me and was replaced by its better reality.
when i came to my own gate and my own field, and had before me the house i knew, i looked around a little (though it was already evening), and i saw that the grass was standing as it should stand when it is ready for the scythe.
for in this, as in everything that a man can do--of those things at least which are very old--there is an exact moment when they are done best.
and it has been remarked of whatever rules us that it works blunderingly, seeing that the good things given to a man are not given at the precise moment when they would have filled him with delight.
but, whether this be true or false, we can choose the just turn of the seasons in everything we do of our own will, and especially in the making of hay.
many think that hay is best made when the grass is thickest; and so they delay until it is rank and in flower, and has already heavily pulled the ground.
and there is another false reason for delay, which is wet weather.
for very few will understand (though it comes year after year) that we have rain always in south england between the sickle and the scythe, or say just after the weeks of east wind are over.
first we have a week of sudden warmth, as though the south had come to see us all; then we have the weeks of east and south-east wind; and then we have more or less of that rain of which i spoke, and which always astonishes the world.
now it is just before, or during, or at the very end of that rain--but not later--that grass should be cut for hay.
true, upland grass, which is always thin, should be cut earlier than the grass in the bottoms and along the water meadows; but not even the latest, even in the wettest seasons, should be left (as it is) to flower and even to seed.
for what we get when we store our grass is not a harvest of something ripe, but a thing just caught in its prime before maturity: as witness that our corn and straw are best yellow, but our hay is best green.
so also death should be represented with a scythe and time with a sickle; for time can take only what is ripe, but death comes always too soon.
in a word, then, it is always much easier to cut grass too late than too early; and i, under that evening and come back to these pleasant fields, looked at the grass and knew that it was time.
june was in full advance; it was the beginning of that season when the night has already lost her foothold of the earth and hovers over it, never quite descending, but mixing sunset with the dawn.
next morning, before it was yet broad day, i awoke, and thought of the mowing.
the birds were already chattering in the trees beside my window, all except the nightingale, which had left and flown away to the weald, where he sings all summer by day as well as by night in the oaks and the hazel spinneys, and especially along the little river adur, one of the rivers of the weald.
the birds and the thought of the mowing had awakened me, and i went down the stairs and along the stone floors to where i could find a scythe; and when i took it from its nail, i remembered how, fourteen years ago, i had last gone out with my scythe, just so, into the fields at morning.
in between that day and this were many things, cities and armies, and a confusion of books, mountains and the desert, and horrible great breadths of sea.
when i got out into the long grass the sun was not yet risen, but there were already many colors in the eastern sky, and i made haste to sharpen my scythe, so that i might get to the cutting before the dew should dry.
some say that it is best to wait till all the dew has risen, so as to get the grass quite dry from the very first.
but, though it is an advantage to get the grass quite dry, yet it is not worth while to wait till the dew has risen.
for, in the first place, you lose many hours of work (and those the coolest), and next--which is more important--you lose that great ease and thickness in cutting which comes of the dew.
so i at once began to sharpen my scythe.
there is an art also in the sharpening of the scythe, and it is worth describing carefully.
your blade must be dry, and that is why you will see men rubbing the scythe-blade with grass before they whet it.
then also your rubber must be quite dry, and on this account it is a good thing to lay it on your coat and keep it there during all your day's mowing.
the scythe you stand upright, with the blade pointing away from you, and put your left hand firmly on the back of the blade, grasping it: then you pass the rubber first down one side of the blade-edge and then down the other, beginning near the handle and going on to the point and working quickly and hard.
when you first do this you will, perhaps, cut your hand; but it is only at first that such an accident will happen to you.
to tell when the scythe is sharp enough this is the rule.
first the stone clangs and grinds against the iron harshly; then it rings musically to one note; then, at last, it purrs as though the iron and stone were exactly suited.
when you hear this, your scythe is sharp enough; and i, when i heard it that june dawn, with everything quite silent except the birds, let down the scythe and bent myself to mow.
when one does anything anew, after so many years, one fears very much for one's trick or habit.
but all things once learnt are easily recoverable, and i very soon recovered the swing and power of the mower.
mowing well and mowing badly--or rather not mowing at all--are separated by very little; as is also true of writing verse, of playing the fiddle, and of dozens of other things, but of nothing more than of believing.
for the bad or young or untaught mower without tradition, the mower promethean, the mower original and contemptuous of the past, does all these things: he leaves great crescents of grass uncut.
he digs the point of the scythe hard into the ground with a jerk.
he loosens the handles and even the fastening of the blade.
he twists the blade with his blunders, he blunts the blade, he chips it, dulls it, or breaks it clean off at the tip.
if any one is standing by he cuts him in the ankle.
he sweeps up into the air wildly, with nothing to resist his stroke.
he drags up earth with the grass, which is like making the meadow bleed.
but the good mower who does things just as they should be done and have been for a hundred thousand years, falls into none of these fooleries.
he goes forward very steadily, his scythe-blade just barely missing the ground, every grass falling; the swish and rhythm of his mowing are always the same.
so great an art can only be learnt by continual practice; but this much is worth writing down, that, as in all good work, to know the thing with which you work is the core of the affair.
good verse is best written on good paper with an easy pen, not with a lump of coal on a whitewashed wall.
the pen thinks for you; and so does the scythe mow for you if you treat it honorably and in a manner that makes it recognize its service.
you must regard the scythe as a pendulum that swings, not as a knife that cuts.
a good mower puts no more strength into his stroke than into his lifting.
the bad mower, eager and full of pain, leans forward and tries to force the scythe through the grass.
the good mower, serene and able, stands as nearly straight as the shape of the scythe will let him, and follows up every stroke closely, moving his left foot forward.
then also let every stroke get well away.
mowing is a thing of ample gestures, like drawing a cartoon.
then, again, get yourself into a mechanical and repetitive mood: be thinking of anything at all but your mowing, and be anxious only when there seems some interruption to the monotony of the sound.
in this mowing should be like one's prayers--all of a sort and always the same, and so made that you can establish a monotony and work them, as it were, with half your mind: that happier half, the half that does not bother.
in this way, when i had recovered the art after so many years, i went forward over the field, cutting lane after lane through the grass, and bringing out its most secret essences with the sweep of the scythe until the air was full of odors.
at the end of every lane i sharpened my scythe and looked back at the work done, and then carried my scythe down again upon my shoulder to begin another.
so, long before the bell rang in the chapel above me--that is, long before six o'clock, which is the time for the angelus--i had many swathes already lying in order parallel like soldiery; and the high grass yet standing, making a great contrast with the shaven part, looked dense and high.
as it says in the ballad of val-s-dunes, where-- the tall son of the seven winds came riding out of hither-hythe, and his horse-hoofs (you will remember) trampled into the press and made a gap in it, and his sword (as you know) was like a scythe in arcus when the grass is high and all the swathes in order lie, and there's the bailiff standing by a-gathering of the tithe.
so i mowed all that morning, till the houses awoke in the valley, and from some of them rose a little fragrant smoke, and men began to be seen.
i stood still and rested on my scythe to watch the awakening of the village, when i saw coming up to my field a man whom i had known in older times, before i had left the valley.
he was of that dark silent race upon which all the learned quarrel, but which, by whatever meaningless name it may be called--iberian, or celtic, or what you will--is the permanent root of all england, and makes england wealthy and preserves it everywhere, except perhaps in the fens and in a part of yorkshire.
everywhere else you will find it active and strong.
these people are intensive; their thoughts and their labors turn inward.
it is on account of their presence in these islands that our gardens are the richest in the world.
they also love low rooms and ample fires and great warm slopes of thatch.
they have, as i believe, an older acquaintance with the english air than any other of all the strains that make up england.
they hunted in the weald with stones, and camped in the pines of the green-sand.
they lurked under the oaks of the upper rivers, and saw the legionaries go up, up the straight paved road from the sea.
they helped the few pirates to destroy the towns, and mixed with those pirates and shared the spoils of the roman villas, and were glad to see the captains and the priests destroyed.
they remain; and no admixture of the frisian pirates, or the breton, or the angevin and norman conquerors, has very much affected their cunning eyes.
to this race, i say, belonged the man who now approached me.
for it is a good custom of ours always to treat bargaining as though it were a courteous pastime; and though what he was after was money, and what i wanted was his labor at the least pay, yet we both played the comedy that we were free men, the one granting a grace and the other accepting it.
for the dry bones of commerce, avarice and method and need, are odious to the valley; and we cover them up with a pretty body of fiction and observances.
thus, when it comes to buying pigs, the buyer does not begin to decry the pig and the vendor to praise it, as is the custom with lesser men; but tradition makes them do business in this fashion:-- first the buyer will go up to the seller when he sees him in his own steading, and, looking at the pig with admiration, the buyer will say that rain may or may not fall, or that we shall have snow or thunder, according to the time of the year.
then the seller, looking critically at the pig, will agree that the weather is as his friend maintains.
there is no haste at all; great leisure marks the dignity of their exchange.
then the buyer says, as though moved by a great desire, that he is ready to give so much for the pig, naming half the proper price, or a little less.
he will also add that a party only wednesday offered him so much for the pig--and he names about double the proper price.
thus all ritual is duly accomplished; and the solemn act is entered upon with reverence and in a spirit of truth.
thus do we buy a pig or land or labor or malt or lime, always with elaboration and set forms; and many a london man has paid double and more for his violence and his greedy haste and very unchivalrous higgling.
as happened with the land at underwaltham, which the mortgagees had begged and implored the estate to take at twelve hundred and had privately offered to all the world at a thousand, but which a sharp direct man, of the kind that makes great fortunes, a man in a motor-car, a man in a fur coat, a man of few words, bought for two thousand three hundred before my very eyes, protesting that they might take his offer or leave it; and all because he did not begin by praising the land.
well then, this man i spoke of offered to help me, and he went to get his scythe.
but i went into this house and brought out a gallon jar of small ale for him and for me; for the sun was now very warm, and small ale goes well with mowing.
and the sun rose to noon and we were still at our mowing; and we ate food, but only for a little while, and we took again to our mowing.
and at last there was nothing left but a small square of grass, standing like a square of linesmen who keep their formation, tall and unbroken, with all the dead lying around them when the battle is over and done.
then for some little time i rested after all those hours; and the man and i talked together, and a long way off we heard in another field the musical sharpening of a scythe.
the sunlight slanted powdered and mellow over the breadth of the valley; for day was nearing its end.
i went to fetch rakes from the steading; and when i had come back the last of the grass had fallen, and all the field lay flat and smooth, with the very green short grass in lanes between the dead and yellow swathes.
these swathes we raked into cocks to keep them from the dew against our return at daybreak; and we made the cocks as tall and steep as we could, for in that shape they best keep off the dew, and it is easier also to spread them after the sun has risen.
then we raked up every straggling blade, till the whole field was a clean floor for the tedding and the carrying of the hay next morning.
the grass we had mown was but a little over two acres; for that is all the pasture on my little tiny farm.
when we had done all this, there fell upon us the beneficent and deliberate evening; so that as we sat a little while together near the rakes, we saw the valley more solemn and dim around us, and all the trees and hedgerows quite still, and held by a complete silence.
then i paid my companion his wage, and bade him a good night, till we should meet in the same place before sunrise.
he went off with a slow and steady progress, as all our peasants do, making their walking a part of the easy but continual labor of their lives.
but i sat on, watching the light creep around towards the north and change, and the waning moon coming up as though by stealth behind the woods of no man's land.
only our medical friends have a right to speak of the great doctor's place in their own world; but one would like to see his honorable place as a man of letters more generally understood.
his generous wisdom and infectious enthusiasm are delightfully expressed in his collected writings.
he stands in the honorable line of those great masters who have found their highest usefulness as kindly counselors of the young.
his lucid and exquisite prose, with its extraordinary wealth of quotation from the literature of all ages, and his unfailing humor and tenderness, put him in the first rank of didactic essayists.
one could get a liberal education in literature merely by following up all his quotations and references.
he was more deeply versed in the classics than many professors of greek and latin; the whole music of english poetry seemed to be current in his blood.
the great doctor's gospel of encouragement is indeed a happy companion for the midnight reader.
rich in every gentle quality that makes life endeared, his books are the most sagacious and helpful of modern writings for the young student.
as one who has found them an unfailing delight, i venture to hope that our medical confrres may not be the only readers to enjoy their vivacity and charm.
shakespeare might have made him a fourth in his immortal group.
to an absorbing passion, a whole-souled devotion, must be joined an enduring energy, if the student is to become a devotee of the gray-eyed goddess to whose law his services are bound.
like the quest of the holy grail, the quest of minerva is not for all.
here again the student often resembles the poet--he is born, not made.
while the resultant of two molding forces, the accidental, external conditions, and the hidden germinal energies, which produce in each one of us national, family, and individual traits, the true student possesses in some measure a divine spark which sets at naught their laws.
like the snark, he defies definition, but there are three unmistakable signs by which you may recognize the genuine article from a boojum--an absorbing desire to know the truth, an unswerving steadfastness in its pursuit, and an open, honest heart, free from suspicion, guile, and jealousy.
at the outset do not be worried about this big question--truth.
it is a very simple matter if each one of you starts with the desire to get as much as possible.
no human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.
in this unsatisfied quest the attitude of mind, the desire, the thirst--a thirst that from the soul must rise!--the fervent longing, are the be-all and the end-all.
what is the student but a lover courting a fickle mistress who ever eludes his grasp?
in this very elusiveness is brought out his second great characteristic--steadfastness of purpose.
unless from the start the limitations incident to our frail human faculties are frankly accepted, nothing but disappointment awaits you.
the truth is the best you can get with your best endeavor, the best that the best men accept--with this you must learn to be satisfied, retaining at the same time with due humility an earnest desire for an ever larger portion.
only by keeping the mind plastic and receptive does the student escape perdition.
it is not, as charles lamb remarks, that some people do not know what to do with truth when it is offered to them, but the tragic fate is to reach, after years of patient search, a condition of mind-blindness in which the truth is not recognized, though it stares you in the face.
this can never happen to a man who has followed step by step the growth of a truth, and who knows the painful phases of its evolution.
it is one of the great tragedies of life that every truth has to struggle to acceptance against honest but mind-blind students.
harvey knew his contemporaries well, and for twelve successive years demonstrated the circulation of the blood before daring to publish the facts on which the truth was based.
[d] only steadfastness of purpose and humility enable the student to shift his position to meet the new conditions in which new truths are born, or old ones modified beyond recognition.
and, thirdly, the honest heart will keep him in touch with his fellow students, and furnish that sense of comradeship without which he travels an arid waste alone.
i say advisedly an honest heart--the honest head is prone to be cold and stern, given to judgment, not mercy, and not always able to entertain that true charity which, while it thinketh no evil, is anxious to put the best possible interpretation upon the motives of a fellow worker.
it will foster, too, an attitude of generous, friendly rivalry untinged by the green peril, jealousy, that is the best preventive of the growth of a bastard scientific spirit, loving seclusion and working in a lock-and-key laboratory, as timorous of light as is a thief.
you have all become brothers in a great society, not apprentices, since that implies a master, and nothing should be further from the attitude of the teacher than much that is meant in that word, used though it be in another sense, particularly by our french brethren in a most delightful way, signifying a bond of intellectual filiation.
a fraternal attitude is not easy to cultivate--the chasm between the chair and the bench is difficult to bridge.
two things have helped to put up a cantilever across the gulf.
the successful teacher is no longer on a height, pumping knowledge at high pressure into passive receptacles.
he is no longer sir oracle, perhaps unconsciously by his very manner antagonizing minds to whose level he cannot possibly descend, but he is a senior student anxious to help his juniors.
when a simple, earnest spirit animates a college, there is no appreciable interval between the teacher and the taught--both are in the same class, the one a little more advanced than the other.
so animated, the student feels that he has joined a family whose honor is his honor, whose welfare is his own, and whose interests should be his first consideration.
the hardest conviction to get into the mind of a beginner is that the education upon which he is engaged is not a college course, not a medical course, but a life course, for which the work of a few years under teachers is but a preparation.
whether you will falter and fail in the race or whether you will be faithful to the end depends on the training before the start, and on your staying powers, points upon which i need not enlarge.
you can all become good students, a few may become great students, and now and again one of you will be found who does easily and well what others cannot do at all, or very badly, which is john ferriar's excellent definition of a genius.
in the hurry and bustle of a business world, which is the life of this continent, it is not easy to train first-class students.
under present conditions it is hard to get the needful seclusion, on which account it is that our educational market is so full of wayside fruit.
the dilettante is abroad in the land, the man who is always venturing on tasks for which he is imperfectly equipped, a habit of mind fostered by the multiplicity of subjects in the curriculum: and while many things are studied, few are studied thoroughly.
men will not take time to get to the heart of a matter.
after all, concentration is the price the modern student pays for success.
thoroughness is the most difficult habit to acquire, but it is the pearl of great price, worth all the worry and trouble of the search.
the dilettante lives an easy, butterfly life, knowing nothing of the toil and labor with which the treasures of knowledge are dug out of the past, or wrung by patient research in the laboratories.
take, for example, the early history of this country--how easy for the student of the one type to get a smattering, even a fairly full acquaintance with the events of the french and spanish settlements.
put an original document before him, and it might as well be arabic.
what we need is the other type, the man who knows the records, who, with a broad outlook and drilled in what may be called the embryology of history, has yet a powerful vision for the minuti of life.
it is these kitchen and backstair men who are to be encouraged, the men who know the subject in hand in all possible relationships.
the best preventive to this is to get denationalized early.
the true student is a citizen of the world, the allegiance of whose soul, at any rate, is too precious to be restricted to a single country.
the great minds, the great works transcend all limitations of time, of language, and of race, and the scholar can never feel initiated into the company of the elect until he can approach all of life's problems from the cosmopolitan standpoint.
i care not in what subject he may work, the full knowledge cannot be reached without drawing on supplies from lands other than his own--french, english, german, american, japanese, russian, italian--there must be no discrimination by the loyal student who should willingly draw from any and every source with an open mind and a stern resolve to render unto all their dues.
i care not on what stream of knowledge he may embark, follow up its course, and the rivulets that feed it flow from many lands.
if the work is to be effective he must keep in touch with scholars in other countries.
how often has it happened that years of precious time have been given to a problem already solved or shown to be insoluble, because of the ignorance of what had been done elsewhere.
and it is not only book knowledge and journal knowledge, but a knowledge of men that is needed.
the student will, if possible, see the men in other lands.
travel not only widens the vision and gives certainties in place of vague surmises, but the personal contact with foreign workers enables him to appreciate better the failings or successes in his own line of work, perhaps to look with more charitable eyes on the work of some brother whose limitations and opportunities have been more restricted than his own.
or, in contact with a mastermind, he may take fire, and the glow of the enthusiasm may be the inspiration of his life.
concentration must then be associated with large views on the relation of the problem, and a knowledge of its status elsewhere; otherwise it may land him in the slough of a specialism so narrow that it has depth and no breadth, or he may be led to make what he believes to be important discoveries, but which have long been current coin in other lands.
it is sad to think that the day of the great polymathic student is at an end; that we may, perhaps, never again see a scaliger, a haller, or a humboldt--men who took the whole field of knowledge for their domain and viewed it as from a pinnacle.
and yet a great specializing generalist may arise, who can tell?
some twentieth-century aristotle may be now tugging at his bottle, as little dreaming as are his parents or his friends of a conquest of the mind, beside which the wonderful victories of the stagirite will look pale.
the value of a really great student to the country is equal to half a dozen grain elevators or a new trans-continental railway.
he is a commodity singularly fickle and variable, and not to be grown to order.
so far as his advent is concerned there is no telling when or where he may arise.
the conditions seem to be present even under the most unlikely externals.
some of the greatest students this country has produced have come from small villages and country places.
the student must be allowed full freedom in his work, undisturbed by the utilitarian spirit of the philistine, who cries, cui bono?
the present remarkable position in applied science and in industrial trades of all sorts has been made possible by men who did pioneer work in chemistry, in physics, in biology, and in physiology, without a thought in their researches of any practical application.
the members of this higher group of productive students are rarely understood by the common spirits, who appreciate as little their unselfish devotion as their unworldly neglect of the practical side of the problems.
everywhere now the medical student is welcomed as an honored member of the guild.
on account of the peculiar character of the subject-matter of your studies, what i have said upon the general life and mental attitude of the student applies with tenfold force to you.
man, with all his mental and bodily anomalies and diseases--the machine in order, the machine in disorder, and the business yours to put it to rights.
through all the phases of its career this most complicated mechanism of this wonderful world will be the subject of our study and of your care--the naked, new-born infant, the artless child, the lad and the lassie just aware of the tree of knowledge overhead, the strong man in the pride of life, the woman with the benediction of maternity on her brow, and the aged, peaceful in the contemplation of the past.
almost everything has been renewed in the science and in the art of medicine, but all through the long centuries there has been no variableness or shadow of change in the essential features of the life which is our contemplation and our care.
amid an eternal heritage of sorrow and suffering our work is laid, and this eternal note of sadness would be insupportable if the daily tragedies were not relieved by the spectacle of the heroism and devotion displayed by the actors.
nothing will sustain you more potently than the power to recognize in your humdrum routine, as perhaps it may be thought, the true poetry of life--the poetry of the commonplace, of the ordinary man, of the plain, toilworn woman, with their loves and their joys, their sorrows and their griefs.
the comedy, too, of life will be spread before you, and nobody laughs more often than the doctor at the pranks puck plays upon the titanias and the bottoms among his patients.
the humorous side is really almost as frequently turned towards him as the tragic.
lift up one hand to heaven and thank your stars if they have given you the proper sense to enable you to appreciate the inconceivably droll situations in which we catch our fellow creatures.
unhappily, this is one of the free gifts of the gods, unevenly distributed, not bestowed on all, or on all in equal portions.
in undue measure it is not without risk, and in any case in the doctor it is better appreciated by the eye than expressed on the tongue.
to many of a somber and sour disposition it is hard to maintain good spirits amid the trials and tribulations of the day, and yet it is an unpardonable mistake to go about among patients with a long face.
divide your attentions equally between books and men.
the strength of the student of books is to sit still--two or three hours at a stretch--eating the heart out of a subject with pencil and notebook in hand, determined to master the details and intricacies, focussing all your energies on its difficulties.
get accustomed to test all sorts of book problems and statements for yourself, and take as little as possible on trust.
the question came up one day, when discussing the grooves left on the nails after fever, how long it took for the nail to grow out, from root to edge.
a majority of the class had no further interest; a few looked it up in books; two men marked their nails at the root with nitrate of silver, and a few months later had positive knowledge on the subject.
the little points that come up in your reading try to test for yourselves.
with one fundamental difficulty many of you will have to contend from the outset--a lack of proper preparation for really hard study.
no one can have watched successive groups of young men pass through the special schools without profoundly regretting the haphazard, fragmentary character of their preliminary education.
it does seem too bad that we cannot have a student in his eighteenth year sufficiently grounded in the humanities and in the sciences preliminary to medicine--but this is an educational problem upon which only a milton or a locke could discourse with profit.
with pertinacity you can overcome the preliminary defects and once thoroughly interested, the work in books becomes a pastime.
a serious drawback in the student life is the self-consciousness, bred of too close devotion to books.
the strength of a student of men is to travel--to study men, their habits, character, mode of life, their behavior under varied conditions, their vices, virtues, and peculiarities.
begin with a careful observation of your fellow students and of your teachers; then, every patient you see is a lesson in much more than the malady from which he suffers.
mix as much as you possibly can with the outside world, and learn its ways.
cultivated systematically, the student societies, the students' union, the gymnasium, and the outside social circle will enable you to conquer the diffidence so apt to go with bookishness and which may prove a very serious drawback in after-life.
i cannot too strongly impress upon the earnest and attentive men among you the necessity of overcoming this unfortunate failing in your student days.
the latter is met with chiefly among the student pilgrims who, in traveling down the delectable mountains, have gone astray and have passed to the left hand, where lieth the country of conceit, the country in which you remember the brisk lad ignorance met christian.
i wish we could encourage on this continent among our best students the habit of wandering.
i do not know that we are quite prepared for it, as there is still great diversity in the curricula, even among the leading schools, but it is undoubtedly a great advantage to study under different teachers, as the mental horizon is widened and the sympathies enlarged.
there is much that i would like to say on the question of work, but i can spare only a few moments for a word or two.
who will venture to settle upon so simple a matter as the best time for work?
one will tell us there is no best time; all are equally good; and truly, all times are the same to a man whose soul is absorbed in some great problem.
the other day i asked edward martin, the well-known story-writer, what time he found best for work.
was his answer, which may appeal to some of my hearers.
one works best at night; another, in the morning; a majority of the students of the past favor the latter.
one day, going with george ross through bedlam, dr. savage, at that time the physician in charge, remarked upon two great groups of patients--those who were depressed in the morning and those who were cheerful, and he suggested that the spirits rose and fell with the bodily temperature--those with very low morning temperatures were depressed, and vice versa.
this, i believe, expresses a truth which may explain the extraordinary difference in the habits of students in this matter of the time at which the best work can be done.
what a contrast to the student-owl with his saturnine morning face, thoroughly unhappy, cheated by the wretched breakfast bell of the two best hours of the day for sleep, no appetite, and permeated with an unspeakable hostility to his vis--vis, whose morning garrulity and good humor are equally offensive.
only gradually, as the day wears on and his temperature rises, does he become endurable to himself and to others.
in neither a virtue, in neither a fault we must recognize these two types of students, differently constituted, owing possibly--though i have but little evidence for the belief--to thermal peculiarities.
halley's comet came along, and some predicted the end of the world.
this is very vague in my mind, but it sounds probable.
one of the unsolved riddles of social injustice is, why should professor leacock be so much more amusing than most people?
this set me thinking; and i was glad that it did, because i am being paid by this paper to think once a week, and it is wearing.
some days i never think from morning till night.
this decline of the drama is a thing on which i feel deeply and bitterly; for i am, or i have been, something of an actor myself.
i have only been in amateur work, i admit, but still i have played some mighty interesting parts.
so when i talk of acting and of the spirit of the drama, i speak of what i know.
naturally, too, i was brought into contact, very often into quite intimate personal contact, with some of the greatest actors of the day.
i don't say it in any way of boasting, but merely because to those of us who love the stage all dramatic souvenirs are interesting.
and as for martin harvey--i simply cannot call him sir john, we are such dear old friends--he never comes to this town without at once calling in my services to lend a hand in his production.
there is a torture scene in it, a most gruesome thing.
harvey, as the hero, has to be tortured, not on the stage itself, but off the stage in a little room at the side.
you can hear him howling as he is tortured.
we are so used to working together that harvey didn't want to let anybody do it but me.
so naturally i am a keen friend and student of the drama: and i hate to think of it going all to pieces.
the trouble with it is that it is becoming a mere mass of conversation and reflection: nothing happens in it; the action is all going out of it and there is nothing left but thought.
when actors begin to think, it is time for a change.
now in my day--i mean when i was at the apogee of my reputation (i think that is the word--it may be apologee--i forget)--things were very different.
what we wanted was action--striking, climatic, catastrophic action, in which things not only happened, but happened suddenly and all in a lump.
and we always took care that the action happened in some place that was worth while, not simply in an ordinary room with ordinary furniture, the way it is in the new drama.
the scene was laid in a lighthouse (top story), or in a mad house (at midnight), or in a power house, or a dog house, or a bath house, in short, in some place with a distinct local color and atmosphere.
three of the big theaters have got them this season, and i think we ought to have it in.
but i think of all the settings that we used, the lighthouse plays were the best.
there is something about a lighthouse that you don't get in a modern drawing room.
what it is, i don't know; but there's a difference.
i always have liked a lighthouse play, and never have enjoyed acting so much, have never thrown myself into acting so deeply, as in a play of that sort.
there is something about a lighthouse--the way you see it in the earlier scenes--with the lantern shining out over the black waters that suggests security, fidelity, faithfulness, to a trust.
the stage used generally to be dim in the first part of a lighthouse play, and you could see the huddled figures of the fishermen and their wives on the foreshore pointing out to the sea (the back of the stage).
and as she said it i had to rush round and work the boat to make it go up and down properly.
there wasn't really; it was me; but in the darkness it was all the same, and of course the heroine herself couldn't be there yet because she had to be downstairs getting dressed to be drowned.
fishermen in those plays used to get fearfully excited; and what with the excitement and the darkness and the bright beams of the lighthouse falling on the wet oilskins, and the thundering of the sea upon the reef--ah!
and to think that there isn't a single streak of lightning in any play on the boards this year!
and then the kind of climax that a play like this used to have!
the scene shifted right at the moment of the excitement, and lo!
we are in the tower, the top story of the lighthouse, interior scene.
all is still and quiet within, with the bright light of the reflectors flooding the little room, and the roar of the storm heard like muffled thunder outside.
the snows of sixty winters are on his head, but his eye is clear and his grip strong.
hear the howl of the wind as he opens the door and steps forth upon the iron balcony, eighty feet above the water, and peers out upon the storm.
if you get used to it, and get to like it, you want to hear it said, no matter how often they say it.)
(i threw it at him, really, but the effect was wonderful.)
and then, as he comes in from the storm to the still room, the climax breaks.
a man staggers into the room in oilskins, drenched, wet, breathless.
(they all staggered in these plays, and in the new drama they walk, and the effect is feebleness itself.)
and the lighthouse keeper knows that it is his only daughter--the only one that he has--who is being cast to death upon the reef.
they want him for the lifeboat; no one can take it through the surf but him.
you know that because the other man says so himself.
but if he goes in the boat then the great light will go out.
if it goes out--ask of the angry waves and the resounding rocks of what to-night's long toll of death must be without the light!
and you know that as he says it and turns quietly to his lamps again, the boat is drifting, at that very moment, to the rocks.
my dear sir, if you can ask that question you little understand the drama as it was.
what we wanted in the old drama was reality and force, no matter how wild and tragic it might be.
they found her the next day, in the concluding scene--all that was left of her when she was dashed upon the rocks.
her bottom boards had been smashed in, her gunwale was gone--in short, she was a wreck.
that kind of thing was always taken care of.
but then we were not ashamed to use providence in the old drama.
so he made a noose in it and threw it over the balcony and hauled the girl up on it.
i used to hook her on to it every night.
but, somehow, those of us who were brought up on that sort of thing, still sigh for it.
it seemed to me then, and still does, as a model in that form of writing, perfect in lucidity, temperance and good sense.
beowulf, chaucer, shakespeare and seneca seem to be his favorite hobbies.
to sum up the gist of anglo-american relations in half a dozen pages, as mr. ayres does here, is surely a remarkable achievement.
the recently established chair in the history, literature, and institutions of the united states which is to be shared among the several universities of great britain, is quite different from the exchange professorships of sometimes unhappy memory.
it is not at all the idea to carry over one of our professors each year and indoctrinate him with the true culture at its source.
the occupant of the chair will be, if the announced intention is carried out, quite as often british as american, and quite as likely a public man as a professor.
the chief object is to bring to england a better knowledge of the united states, and a purpose more laudable can scarcely be imagined.
peace and prosperity will endure in the world in some very precise relation to the extent to which england succeeds in understanding us.
it is not an illusion to suppose that our understanding of the british is on the whole better than theirs of us.
the british empire is a large and comparatively simple fact, now conspicuously before the world for a long time.
the united states was, in british eyes, until recently, a comparatively insignificant fact, yet vastly more complicated than they imagined.
each, of course, perfectly knew the faults of the other, assessed with an unerring cousinly eye.
the american bragged in a nasal whine, the briton patronized in a throaty burble.
whoever among the struggling nations of the world might win, england saw to it that she never lost; your yankee was content with the more ignoble triumphs of merchandising, willing to cheapen life if he could only add to his dollars.
but the excellence of english political institutions and methods, the charm of english life, the tremendous power of the empire for promoting freedom and civilization in the world, these are things which americans have long recognized and in a way understood.
anything like an equivalent british appreciation of america in the large seems confined to a very few honorable exceptions among them.
to no inconsiderable extent this is america's own fault.
she does not present to the world a record that is easily read.
it is obvious, for instance--and so obvious that it is not often enough stated--that america has and will continue to have a fundamentally english civilization.
english speech is her speech, and if with a difference, it is a difference that the philologist, all things considered, finds amazingly small.
english literature is her literature--chaucer and shakespeare hers because her blood then coursed indistinguishably through the english heart they knew so well; milton, dryden, and the queen anne men hers, because she was still a part of england; the later men hers by virtue of affectionate acquaintanceship and a generous and not inconsiderable rivalry.
english history, in short, is her history.
the struggles of the thirteenth century through which law and parliament came into being, the struggles of the seventeenth century through which law and parliament came to rule, are america's struggles upon which she can look back with the satisfaction that some things that have been done in the world need never be undone or done over again, whatever the room for improvement may still be.
americans, no less than british, recognize that independence was largely an accidental result of a war which sprang out of a false theory of economics, but whose conclusion carried with it a lesson in the management of empire which subsequent history shows the british to have learned thoroughly and for the benefit of all concerned.
american independence, however, once established, pointed a way to democratic freedom which england hastened to follow.
and yet-- and yet we allow these obvious and fundamental considerations to become marvelously obscured.
we allow england's failure to solve an insoluble irish problem to arouse in us an attitude of mind possibly excusable in some irishmen, but wholly inexcusable in any american.
we allow a sentimental regard for some immigrant from eastern europe, who comes to us with a philosophy born of conditions that in english-speaking lands ceased to be centuries ago, to make us pretend to see in him the true expression of america's traditional ideals.
why should they be permitted to make it falsely appear that recognition of the english basis of america involves approval of everything that england in her history may or may not have done?
why should they be allowed to pretend that disapproval of some particular act of england justifies repudiation of most of the things by virtue of which we are what we are?
america from the first has been part of the great english experiment--great because it is capable of learning from experience.
the world has put a big investment in blood and treasure, and all that they imply, into the education of england.
it is satisfied--the world's response to germany's insolent challenge is the proof of it--that its pains have been well bestowed.
england is more nearly fit than any other nation to wield the power that is hers.
that is not to deny the peculiar virtues of other nations; indeed, these virtues have largely contributed to the result.
italy has educated her; france has educated her; we have done something; and germany.
in result, she is not perfect--the english would perhaps least of all assert that--but she has learned a great deal and held herself steady while she learned it.
it is a bigger job than the world cares to undertake to teach any other nation so much.
nor would it be at all likely to succeed so well.
for what england has to offer the world in return is not simply her institutions; it is not merely a formula for the effective discharge of police duty throughout the world; it is the english freeman, whether he hail from canada, australia, africa, or the uttermost isles of the sea.
a most adaptable fellow, this freeman, doing all sorts of work everywhere, and with tremendous powers of assimilation.
he began by assimilating fully his own weight in danes, while remaining an english freeman.
he then perforce accepted a norman king, as he had accepted a danish one, hoping, as always, that the king would not trouble him too much.
but when norman william, who was very ill-informed about the breed, killed off most of his natural leaders and harried the rest into villeiny, how did he manage in a small matter of two hundred years or so to make an english gentleman not only of himself but of all the rag-tag of adventurers who had come over with william and since?
how did he contrive, out of a band of exiles fleeing from an egypt of ecclesiastical tyranny, broken younger sons, artisans out of a job, speculators, bondmen, swedes, dutchmen, and what not, to make america?
is he one likely to lose his bearings when in his america the age-old problem again heaves in view?
this is a job he has been working at pretty successfully for more than a thousand years.
grant him a moment to realize himself afresh in the face of it.
don't expect him to stop and give a coherent explanation of what he is doing.
he wouldn't be the true son of the english tradition that he is if he could do that.
perhaps the occupants of the new chair can do something of the sort for him.
mr. burke has specialized on london, and with great ability.
in the limehouse series his colorings seem just a little too consciously vivid, his roguishness a little too studied, to be quite satisfying.
i had known the quarter for many years before it interested me.
it was not until i was prowling around on a fleet street assignment that i learned to hate it.
a murder had been committed over a caf in lupin street; a popular murder, fruity, cleverly done, and with a sex interest.
of course every newspaper and agency developed a virtuous anxiety to track the culprit, and all resources were directed to that end.
journalism is perhaps the only profession in which so fine a public spirit may be found.
so it was that the north country paper of which i was a hanger-on flung every available man into the fighting line, and the editor told me that i might, in place of the casual paragraphs for the london letter, do something good on the vassiloff murder.
it was a night of cold rain, and the pavements were dashed with smears of light from the shop windows.
through the streaming streets my hansom leaped; and as i looked from the window, and noted the despondent biliousness of bethnal green, i realized that the grass withereth, the flower fadeth.
i dismissed the cab at brick lane, and, continuing the tradition which had been instilled into me by my predecessor on the london letter, i turned into one of the hostelries and had a vodka to keep the cold out.
the old shawled women, who sit at every corner with huge baskets of black bread and sweet cakes, were departing beneath umbrellas.
the stalls of osborn street, usually dressed with foreign-looking confectionery, were also retiring.
indeed, everybody seemed to be slinking away, and as i sipped my vodka, and felt it burn me with raw fire, i cursed news editors and all publics which desired to read about murders.
i was perfectly sure that i shouldn't do the least good; so i had another, and gazed through the kaleidoscopic window, rushing with rain, at the cheerful world that held me.
by day the streets are a depression, with their frowzy doss-houses and their vapor-baths.
gray and sickly, too, are the leering shops, and gray and sickly are the people and the children.
everything has followed the grass and the flowers.
childhood has no place; so above the roofs you may see the surly points of a council school.
such games as happen are played but listlessly, and each little face is smirched.
the gaunt warehouses hardly support their lopping heads, and the low, beetling, gabled houses of the alleys seem for ever to brood on nights of bitter adventure.
fit objects for contempt by day they may be, but when night creeps upon london, the hideous darkness that can almost be touched, then their faces become very powers of terror, and the cautious soul, wandered from the comfort of the main streets, walks and walks in a frenzy, seeking outlet and finding none.
sometimes a hoarse laugh will break sharp on his ear.
well, i finished my second, and then sauntered out.
as i was passing a cruel-looking passage, a girl stepped forward.
she had the haunting melancholy of russia in her face, but her voice was as the voice of cockaigne.
i said i felt sure i should do no good on the vassiloff murder.
for just then two of her friends came out of the court, each with a boy.
and, surprised, yet knowing of no good reason for being surprised, i felt the girl's arm slip into mine, and we joined the main column.... that is one of london's greatest charms: it is always ready to toss you little encounters of this sort, if you are out for them.
across the road we went, through mire and puddle, and down a long, winding court.
at about midway our friends disappeared, and, suddenly drawn to the right, i was pushed from behind up a steep, fusty stair.
we were going to the tenements where most of the russians meet of an evening.
the atmosphere in these places is a little more cheerful than that of the cafs--if you can imagine a russian ever rising to cheerfulness.
most of the girls lodge over the milliners' shops, and thither their friends resort.
every establishment here has a piano, for music, with them, is a somber passion rather than a diversion.
you will not hear comic opera, but if you want to climb the lost heights of melody, stand in bell yard, and listen to a piano, lost in the high glooms, wailing the heart of chopin, or rubinstein or glazounoff through the fingers of pale, moist girls, while the ghost of peter the painter parades the naphtha'd highways.
at the top of the stair i was pushed into a dark, fusty room, and guided to a low, fusty sofa or bed.
then some one struck a match, and a lamp was lit and set on the mantelshelf.
it flung a soft, caressing radiance on its shabby home, and on its mistress, and on the other girls and boys.
the boys were tough youngsters of the district, evidently very much at home, smoking russian cigarettes and settling themselves on the bed in a manner that seemed curiously continental in cockney toughs.
i doubt if you would have loved the girls at that moment; and yet ... you know ... their black or brassy hair, their untidiness, and the cotton blouses half-dropped from their tumultuous breasts....
the girl who had collared me disappeared for a moment, and then brought a tray of russian tea.
we did so, and, watching the others, i discovered that it was the correct thing to lemon the ladies' tea for them and stir it well and light their cigarettes.
i did so for katarina--that was her name--while she watched me with little truant locks of hair running everywhere, and a slow, alluring smile that seemed to hold all the agony and mystery of the steppes.
the room, on which the wallpaper hung in dank strips, contained a full-sized bed and a chair bedstead, a washstand, a samovar, a potpourri of a carpet, and certain mysteries of feminine toilet.
a rickety three-legged table stood by the window, and katarina's robes hung in a dainty riot of frill and color behind the door, which only shut when you thrust a peg of wood through a wired catch.
one of the boys sprawled himself, in clumsy luxury, on the bed, and his girl arranged herself at his side, and when she was settled her hair tumbled in a shower of hairpins, and everybody laughed like children.
the other girl went to the piano, and her boy squatted on the floor at her feet.
she began to play.... you would not understand, i suppose, the intellectual emotion of the situation.
it is more than curious to sit in these rooms, in the filthiest spot in london, and listen to moszkowsky, tchaikowsky, and sibelius, played by a factory girl.
i had visited similar places in stepney before, but then i had not had a couple of vodkas, and i had not been taken in tow by an unknown girl.
they play and play, while tea and cigarettes, and sometimes vodka or whisky, go round; and as the room gets warmer, so does one's sense of smell get sharper; so do the pale faces get moister; and so does one long more and more for a breath of cold air from the ural mountains.
the best you can do is to ascend to the flat roof, and take a deep breath of spitalfields ozone.
then back to the room for more tea and more music.
despite the unventilated room, the greasy appointments, and other details that would have turned the stomach of kensington, that girl at the piano, her dress cunningly disarranged, playing, as no one would have dreamed she could play, the finer intensities of wieniawski and moussorgsky, shook all sense of responsibility from me.
news editors and their assignments be damned.
enjoy yourself, was what the cold, insidious music said.
take your moments when the fates send them; that was life's best lesson.
devilish little fingers they were, sanya's.
her technique was not perhaps all that it might have been; she might not have won the gold medal of our white-shirted academies, but she had enough temperament to make half a dozen bechstein hall virtuosi.
from valse to nocturne, from sonata to prelude, her fancy ran.
mazurka, polonaise, and nocturne wailed in the stuffy chamber; her little hands lit up the enchanted gloom of the place with bright thrills, until the bed and the dingy surroundings faded into phantoms and left only two stark souls in colloquy: katarina's and mine.
katarina had settled, i forget how, on the sofa, and was reclining very comfortably with her head on my shoulder and both arms about me.
no questions passed as to why we had picked one another up.
there we were, warmed with vodka and tea, at eleven o'clock at night, five stories above the clamorous world, while her friend shook the silly souls out of us.
with the shy boldness of my native country, i stretched a hand and inclosed her fingers.
she smiled; a curious smile that no other girl in london could have given; not a flushed smile, or a startled smile, or a satisfied smile, or a coy smile; but a smile of companionship, which seemed to have realized the tragedy of our living.
so it was that she had, by slow stages, reached her comfortable position, for as my hand wandered from finger to wrist, from wrist to soft, rounded arm, and so inclosed her neck, she slipped and buried me in an avalanche of flaming, scented tresses.
sanya at the piano shot a glance over her shoulder, a very sad-gay glance; she laughed, curiously, i almost said foreignly.
i felt somehow as though i had been taken complete possession of by these people.
i seemed now to be awake and in an adorable captivity.
with a final volley of chords, the pianist slid from the chair, and sat by her boy on the carpet, smoothing his face with tobacco-stained fingers, and languishing, while her thick, over-ripe lips took his kisses as a baby bird takes food from its mother.
we talked--all of us--in jerks and snatches.
then the oil in the lamp began to give out, and the room grew dim.
the girl reclining on the bed grew snappy.
she seemed morose, preoccupied, almost impatient.
twice she snapped up her boy on a casual remark.
but suddenly there came a whisper of soft feet on the landing, and a secret tap at the door.
one heard the lazy hum of voices in busy conversation.
then silence; and some one entered the room and shut the door.
his question was not answered, but the girl who had gone to the door snapped something in a sharp tone which might have been either russian or yiddish.
katarina loosened herself from me, and sat up.
katarina suddenly drew back her flaming face.
i suppose a man never feels a finer idiot than when a woman tells him she doesn't want him.
if he ever does, it is when a woman tells him that she loves him.
katarina had given me the bullet, and, of course, i felt a fool; but i derived some consolation from the fact that the other boys were being told off.
clearly, big things were in the air, about to happen.
something, evidently, had already happened.
i wondered.... then i sat down on the sofa, and flatly told katarina that i was not going unless i had a reason.
i brought you here, and you stay here just as long as i choose, and no longer.
who d'you think you are, saying you won't go?
i let you come here for a drink, and you just got to go when i say.
i was about to make a second stand, when again there came a stealthy tap at the door, and the whispering of slippered feet.
sanya glided to the door, opened it, and disappeared.
katarina slipped from my embrace, went to the door, and disappeared too.
one girl and three boys remained--in silence.
next moment katarina reappeared, and said something to sanya.
sanya pulled her boy by the arm, and went out.
the other girl pushed her boy at the neck and literally threw him out.
she stood over me; glared; searched for words to meet the occasion; found none.
finally, she flung her arms, and swept away.
i stood by the window, my thoughts dancing a ragtime.
i wondered what to do, and how, and whether.
my thoughts got into a tangle, sank, and swam, and sank again.
then there was a sudden struggle and spurt from the lamp, and it went black out.
from a room across the landing a clock ticked menacingly.
i saw, by the thin light from the window, the smoke of a discarded cigarette curling up and up to the ceiling like a snake.
i went again to the door, peered down the steep stair and over the crazy balustrade.
i slipped swiftly down the five flights, met nobody.
from afar i heard the sluck of the waters against the staples of the wharves, and the wicked hoot of the tugs.
it was then that a sudden nameless fear seized me; it was that simple terror that comes from nothing but ourselves.
i am not usually afraid of any man or thing.
i am normally nervous, and there are three or four things that have power to terrify me.
at that moment, however, i was afraid of everything: of the room i had left, of the house, of the people, of the inviting lights of the warehouses and the threatening shoals of the alleys.
then i raced into brick lane, and out into the brilliance of commercial street.
last night the waiter put the celery on with the cheese, and i knew that summer was indeed dead.
other signs of autumn there may be--the reddening leaf, the chill in the early-morning air, the misty evenings--but none of these comes home to me so truly.
there may be cool mornings in july; in a year of drought the leaves may change before their time; it is only with the first celery that summer is over.
i knew all along that it would not last.
even in april i was saying that winter would soon be here.
yet somehow it had begun to seem possible lately that a miracle might happen, that summer might drift on and on through the months--a final upheaval to crown a wonderful year.
last night with the celery autumn came into its own.
there is a crispness about celery that is of the essence of october.
it is as fresh and clean as a rainy day after a spell of heat.
moreover it is excellent, i am told, for the complexion.
one is always hearing of things which are good for the complexion, but there is no doubt that celery stands high on the list.
after the burns and freckles of summer one is in need of something.
how good that celery should be there at one's elbow.
i wondered how i could possibly bear the waiting--the eight long months till may.
in vain to comfort myself with the thought that i could get through more work in the winter undistracted by thoughts of cricket grounds and country houses.
in vain, equally, to tell myself that i could stay in bed later in the mornings.
even the thought of after-breakfast pipes in front of the fire left me cold.
but now, suddenly, i am reconciled to autumn.
i see quite clearly that all good things must come to an end.
the summer has been splendid, but it has lasted long enough.
yet what an opportunity he missed by not concentrating on that precious root.
apples, grapes, nuts, and vegetable marrows he mentions specially--and how poor a selection!
season of mists and mellow celery, then let it be.
a pat of butter underneath the bough, a wedge of cheese, a loaf of bread and--thou.
how delicate are the tender shoots unfolded layer by layer.
of what a whiteness is the last baby one of all, of what a sweetness his flavor.
celery demands a pipe rather than a cigar, and it can be eaten better in an inn or a london tavern than in the home.
yes, and it should be eaten alone, for it is the only food which one really wants to hear oneself eat.
besides, in company one may have to consider the wants of others.
celery is not a thing to share with any man.
alone in your country inn you may call for the celery; but if you are wise you will see that no other traveler wanders into the room.
take warning from one who has learnt a lesson.
one day i lunched alone at an inn, finishing with cheese and celery.
another traveler came in and lunched too.
we did not speak--i was busy with my celery.
from the other end of the table he reached across for the cheese.
but he also reached across for the celery--my private celery for which i owed.
foolishly--you know how one does--i had left the sweetest and crispest shoots till the last, tantalizing myself pleasantly with the thought of them.
to see them snatched from me by a stranger.
he realized later what he had done and apologized, but of what good is an apology in such circumstances?
yet at least the tragedy was not without its value.
i suppose i had forgotten what it was really like.
i had been thinking of the winter as a horrid wet, dreary time fit only for professional football.
now i can see other things--crisp and sparkling days, long pleasant evenings, cheery fires.
the end of the summer is not the end of the world.
here's to october--and, waiter, some more celery.
whether in caricature, short story, fable, parody, or essay, he has always been consummate in grace, tact, insouciant airy precision.
this portrait of the unfortunate cleric annihilated by dr. johnson is a triumphant example of the skill with which a perfect artist can manuver a trifle, carved like an ivory trinket; in such hands, subtlety never becomes mere tenuity.
his genius is that of the essay in its purest distillation: a clear cross-section of life as seen through the lens of self; the pure culture (in the biological sense) of observing personality.
i have often wondered how it came about (though the matter is wholly nonpertinent) that mr. beerbohm married an american lady--quite a habit with english essayists, by the way: hilaire belloc and bertrand russell did likewise.
fragmentary, pale, momentary; almost nothing; glimpsed and gone; as it were, a faint human hand thrust up, never to reappear, from beneath the rolling waters of time, he forever haunts my memory and solicits my weak imagination.
nothing is told of him but that once, abruptly, he asked a question, and received an answer.
johnson, on the morning of that day, had entertained boswell at breakfast in bolt court, and invited him to dine at thrale hall.
in the interval before dinner, accordingly, boswell reeled off the names of several divines whose prose might or might not win commendation.
i should not advise any one to imitate tillotson's style; though i don't know; i should be cautious of censuring anything that has been applauded by so many suffrages.--south is one of the best, if you except his peculiarities, and his violence, and sometimes coarseness of language.--seed has a very fine style; but he is not very theological.
sherlock's style, too, is very elegant, though he has not made it his principal study.--and you may add smalridge.
bang!--and the rabbit that had popped from its burrow was no more.
i know not which is the more startling--the dbut of the unfortunate clergyman, or the instantaneousness of his end.
why hadn't boswell told us there was a clergyman present?
well, we may be sure that so careful and acute an artist had some good reason.
and i suppose the clergyman was left to take us unawares because just so did he take the company.
had we been told he was there, we might have expected that sooner or later he would join in the conversation.
we may assume that in the minds of the company around johnson he had no place.
he sat forgotten, overlooked; so that his self-assertion startled every one just as on boswell's page it startles us.
in johnson's massive and magnetic presence only some very remarkable man, such as mr. burke, was sharply distinguishable from the rest.
others might, if they had something in them, stand out slightly.
this unfortunate clergyman may have had something in him, but i judge that he lacked the gift of seeming as if he had.
that deficiency, however, does not account for the horrid fate that befell him.
one of johnson's strongest and most inveterate feelings was his veneration for the cloth.
to any one in holy orders he habitually listened with a grace and charming deference.
to-day, moreover, he was in excellent good humor.
he was at the thrales', where he so loved to be; the day was fine; a fine dinner was in close prospect; and he had had what he always declared to be the sum of human felicity--a ride in a coach.
nor was there in the question put by the clergyman anything likely to enrage him.
dodd was one whom johnson had befriended in adversity; and it had always been agreed that dodd in his pulpit was very emotional.
what drew the blasting flash must have been not the question itself, but the manner in which it was asked.
and i think we can guess what that manner was.
you may, from sheer perversity, utter them in a rich and sonorous baritone or bass.
but if you do so, they sound utterly unnatural.
to make them carry the conviction of human utterance, you have no choice: you must pipe them.
even the people whom he knew well, the people to whose voices he was accustomed, had to address him very loudly.
on no other hypothesis can we account for the ferocity with which johnson turned and rended him.
johnson didn't, we may be sure, mean to be cruel.
the old lion, startled, just struck out blindly.
but the force of paw and claws was not the less lethal.
boswell does not record that there was any further conversation before the announcement of dinner.
perhaps the whole company had been temporarily deafened.
my heart goes out to the poor dear clergyman exclusively.
i said a moment ago that he was young and shy; and i admit that i slipped those epithets in without having justified them to you by due process of induction.
your quick mind will have already supplied what i omitted.
a man with a high, thin voice, and without power to impress any one with a sense of his importance, a man so null in effect that even the retentive mind of boswell did not retain his very name, would assuredly not be a self-confident man.
even if he were not naturally shy, social courage would soon have been sapped in him, and would in time have been destroyed, by experience.
that he had not yet given himself up as a bad job, that he still had faint wild hopes, is proved by the fact that he did snatch the opportunity for asking that question.
was he the curate of the neighboring church?
it would account for his having been invited.
i see him as he sits there listening to the great doctor's pronouncement on atterbury and those others.
he sits on the edge of a chair in the background.
he has colorless eyes, fixed earnestly, and a face almost as pale as the clerical bands beneath his somewhat receding chin.
his forehead is high and narrow, his hair mouse-colored.
his hands are clasped tight before him, the knuckles standing out sharply.
this constriction does not mean that he is steeling himself to speak.
he has no positive intention of speaking.
and now in a flash the chance presents itself.
i see the curate's frame quiver with sudden impulse, and his mouth fly open, and--no, i can't bear it, i shut my eyes and ears.
but audible, even so, is something shrill, followed by something thunderous.
the crimson has not yet faded from that young face yonder, and slowly down either cheek falls a glistening tear.
such weakness shames the established church.
what would jortin and smalridge have said?--what seed and south?
it is a solemn thought that so little is conveyed to us by names which to the palo-georgians conveyed so much.
we discern a dim, composite picture of a big man in a big wig and a billowing black gown, with a big congregation beneath him.
but we are not anxious to hear what he is saying.
we know it will be printed and be bound in finely-tooled full calf, and no palo-georgian gentleman's library will be complete without it.
literate people in those days were comparatively few; but, bating that, one may say that sermons were as much in request as novels are to-day.
i wonder, will mankind continue to be capricious?
it is a very solemn thought indeed that no more than a hundred-and-fifty years hence the novelists of our time, with all their moral and political and sociological outlook and influence, will perhaps shine as indistinctly as do those old preachers, with all their elegance, now.
galsworthy is one of the best, if you except his concern for delicacy of style.
mrs. ward has a very firm grasp of problems, but is not very creational.--caine's books are very edifying.
i should like to read all that caine has written.
can it be that a time will come when readers of this passage in our pundit's life will take more interest in the poor nameless wretch than in all the bearers of those great names put together, being no more able or anxious to discriminate between (say) mrs. ward and mr. sinclair than we are to set ogden above sherlock, or sherlock above ogden?
but we must remember that things are not always what they seem.
every man illustrious in his day, however much he may be gratified by his fame, looks with an eager eye to posterity for a continuance of past favors, and would even live the remainder of his life in obscurity if by so doing he could insure that future generations would preserve a correct attitude towards him forever.
this is very natural and human, but, like so many very natural and human things, very silly.
tillotson and the rest need not, after all, be pitied for our neglect of them.
they either know nothing about it, or are above such terrene trifles.
let us keep our pity for the seething mass of divines who were not elegantly verbose, and had no fun or glory while they lasted.
and let us keep a specially large portion for one whose lot was so much worse than merely undistinguished.
if that nameless curate had not been at the thrales' that day, or, being there, had kept the silence that so well became him, his life would have been drab enough, in all conscience.
but at any rate an unpromising career would not have been nipped in the bud.
and that is what in fact happened, i'm sure of it.
a robust man might have rallied under the blow.
those who knew him in infancy had not expected that he would be reared.
it is well to grow up and be ordained, but not if you are delicate and very sensitive, and shall happen to annoy the greatest, the most stentorian and roughest of contemporary personages.
before the next blossoming of thrale hall's almond trees he was no more.
i like to think that he died forgiving dr. johnson.
in the general rough-and-tumble among critical standards during recent years, mr. sherman is one of those who have dealt some swinging blows in favor of the victorians and the literary old guard--which was often square but rarely hollow.
his own account of his adventures, written without intended publication, is worth consideration.
my favorite recreations are climbing little mountains, chopping wood, and canoeing on lake michigan.
i lean towards the high sierras, up above the yosemite valley.
professor sherman, you will note, is almost an exact contemporary of h. l. mencken, with whom he has crossed swords in more than one spirited encounter; and sherman is likely to give as good as he takes in such scuffles, or even rather better.
it is high time that his critical sagacity and powerful reasoning were better known in the market-place.
i thought one should hold one's breath before it as before the flicker of one's last match on a cold night in the woods.
i said; but my apprehension was groundless.
the religious spirit is indestructible and constant in quantity like the sum of universal energy in which matches and suns are alike but momentary sparkles and phases.
this great truth i learned of the butlerians: though the forms and objects of religious belief wax old as a garment and are changed, faith, which is, after all, the precious thing, endures forever.
destroy a man's faith in god and he will worship humanity; destroy his faith in humanity and he will worship science; destroy his faith in science and he will worship himself; destroy his faith in himself and he will worship samuel butler.
what makes the butlerian cult so impressive is, of course, that butler, poor dear, as the english say, was the least worshipful of men.
he was not even--till his posthumous disciples made him so--a person of any particular importance.
one writing a private memorandum of his death might have produced something like this: samuel butler was an unsociable, burry, crotchety, obstinate old bachelor, a dilettante in art and science, an unsuccessful author, a witty cynic of inquisitive temper and, comprehensively speaking, the unregarded diogenes of the victorians.
he devoted some years to painting, adored handel and dabbled in music, made occasional trips to sicily and italy, and wrote a dozen books, which generally fell dead from the press, on religion, literature, art and scientific theory.
butler made few friends and apparently never married.
his body was cremated and the ashes were buried in a garden by his biographer and his man-servant, with nothing to mark the spot.
butler's indifference to the disposal of his earthly part betokens no contempt for fame.
denied contemporary renown, he had firmly set his heart on immortality, and quietly, persistently, cannily provided for it.
if he could not go down to posterity by the suffrage of his countrymen, he would go down by the shrewd use of his cheque book; he would buy his way in.
he bought the publication of most of the books produced in his lifetime.
he diligently prepared manuscripts for posthumous publication and accumulated and arranged great masses of materials for a biographer.
he insured an interest in his literary remains by bequeathing them and all his copyrights to his literary executor, r. a. streatfeild.
he purchased an interest in a biographer by persuading henry festing jones, a feckless lawyer of butlerian proclivities, to abandon the law and become his musical and literary companion.
these good and faithful servants performed their duties with exemplary zeal and astuteness.
in spite of mild deprecation, this feast, with its two toasts to his majesty and to the memory of samuel butler, assumed from the outset the aspect of a solemn sacrament of believers.
here are materials for a fresh consideration of the man in relation to his work.
the unconverted will say that such a monument to such a man is absurdly disproportionate.
he is a spiritual ancestor, leader of a movement, moulder of young minds, founder of a faith.
his monument is designed not merely to preserve his memory but to mark as well the present importance of the butlerian sect.
the memoir appears to have been written primarily for them.
the faithful will no doubt find it delicious; and i, though an outsider, got through it without fatigue and with a kind of perverse pleasure in its perversity.
it is very instructive, but it by no means simplifies its puzzling and complex subject.
mr. jones is not of the biographers who look into the heart of a man, reduce him to a formula and recreate him in accordance with it.
he works from the outside, inward, and gradually achieves life and reality by an immense accumulation of objective detail, without ever plucking out, or even plucking at, the heart of the mystery.
butler himself did not know; consequently he could not always distinguish his wisdom from his folly.
he was an ironist entangled in his own net and an egotist bitten with self-distrust, concealing his wounds in self-assertion and his hesitancies in an external aggressiveness.
mr. jones pierces the shell here and there, but never removes it.
considering his opportunities, he is sparing in composed studies of his subject based on his own direct observation; and, with all his ingenuousness and his shocking but illuminating indiscretions, he is frequently silent as a tomb where he must certainly possess information for which every reader will inquire, particularly those readers who do not, like the butlerians, accept samuel butler as the happy reincarnation of moderation, common sense and fearless honesty.
the whole case of the georgians against the victorians might be fought out over his life and works; and indeed there has already been many a skirmish in that quarter.
for, of course, neither streatfeild nor mr. jones is ultimately responsible for his revival.
ultimately butler's vogue is due to the fact that he is a friend of the georgian revolution against idealism in the very citadel of the enemy; the extraordinary acclaim with which he is now received is his reward for having long ago prepared to betray the victorians into the hands of a ruthless posterity.
he was a traitor to his own times, and therefore it follows that he was a man profoundly disillusioned.
the question which we may all reasonably raise with regard to a traitor whom we have received within our lines is whether he will make us a good citizen.
we should like to know pretty thoroughly how he fell out with his countrymen--whether through defects in his own temper and character or through a clear-eyed and righteous indignation with the incorrigible viciousness of their manners and institutions.
we should like to know what vision of reformation succeeded his disillusion.
hitherto the georgians have been more eloquent in their disillusions than in their visions, and have inclined to welcome butler as a dissolving agent without much inspecting his solution.
mr. jones tells us that theobald and christina pontifex, whose nakedness butler uncovers, were drawn without exaggeration from his own father and mother.
his work on them is a masterpiece of pitiless satire.
butler appears to have hated his father, despised his mother and loathed his sisters in all truth and sincerity.
he nursed his vindictive and contemptuous feelings towards them all through his life; he studied these feelings, made notes on them, jested out of them, lived in them, reduced them to a philosophy of domestic antipathy.
he was far more learned than any other english author in the psychology of impiety.
his father's one unpardonable offense was not dying early and so enlarging his son's income.
if this had been a jest, it would have been a little coarse for a deathbed.
but mr. jones, who appears to think it very amusing, proves clearly enough that it was not a jest, but an obsession, and a horrid obsession it was.
now a man who attacks the family because his father does not die as promptly as could be desired is not likely to propose a happy substitute: his mood is not reconstructive, funny though it may be in two old boys of fifty, like butler and jones, living along like spoiled children on allowances, butler from his father, jones from his mother.
before the advent of shaw he poured poison on the roots of that imaginative love in which all normal men and maidens walk at least once in a lifetime as in a rosy cloud shot through with golden lights.
his portraits show a man of vigorous physique, capable of passion, a face distinctly virile, rather harshly bearded, with broad masculine eyebrows.
elementary questions which his biographer after a thousand pages leaves unanswered.
he remarks a divergence in this fact, that butler, unlike his hero, was never in prison.
did butler, like his hero, have children and farm them out?
the point is of some interest in the case of a man who is helping us to destroy the conventional family.
mr. jones leaves quite in the dark his relations with such women as the late queen victoria would not have approved, relations which j.
b. yeats has, however, publicly discussed.
mr. jones is ordinarily cynical enough, candid enough, as we shall see.
he takes pains to tell us that his own grandfather was never married.
he does not hesitate to acknowledge abundance of moral ugliness in his subject.
why this access of victorian reticence at a point where plain-speaking is the order of the day and the special pride of contemporary erewhonians?
why did a young man of butler's tastes leave the church and go into exile in new zealand for five years?
in some respects he was also a sly old bird.
this idea we may now trace quite definitely to his relations with miss savage, a witty, sensible, presumably virtuous woman of about his own age, living in a club in london, who urged him to write fiction, read all his manuscripts, knitted him socks, reviewed his books in women's magazines and corresponded with him for years till she died, without his knowledge, in hospital from cancer.
her letters are mr. jones' mainstay in his first volume and she is, except butler himself, altogether his most interesting personality.
mr. jones says that being unable to find any one who could authorize him to use her letters, he publishes them on his own responsibility.
this lady, he tells us, was the original of alethea pontifex.
butler became persuaded that miss savage loved him; this bored him; and the correspondence would lapse till he felt the need of her cheery friendship again.
mr. jones believes that she was alluding to his scrupulousness in matters of business.
butler himself construed the words as an overture to which he was indisposed to respond.
in his later years, after the death of miss savage, in periods of loneliness, depression and ill-health, butler made notes on his correspondence reproaching himself for his ill-treatment of her.
'tis said that if a woman woo, no man should leave her till she have prevailed; and, true, a man will yield for pity if he can, but if the flesh rebel what can he do?
i could not; hence i grieve my whole life long the wrong i did in that i did no wrong.
yet even now, in the face of these sonnets, may not one exclaim, heaven preserve us from the remorseful moments of a butlerian adonis of fifty!
the descendants of eminent victorians may well be thankful that their fathers had no intimate relations with butler.
i can recall but one work of a contemporary mentioned favorably in the biography; perhaps there are two.
the homicidal spirit here exhibited may be fairly related to his anxiety for the death of his father.
it was on the whole characteristic of victorian free-thinkers to attack christianity with reverence and discrimination in an attempt to preserve its substance while removing obstacles to the acceptance of its substance.
when he did not attack mischievously like a gamin, he attacked vindictively like an italian laborer whose sweetheart has been false to him.
but this must be some of mr. jones's fun.
you say people must have something to believe in.
there was respect for a tomb, even for the tomb of a god.
butler, having transferred his faith to the bank of england, diverted himself like a street arab with a slingshot by peppering the church windows.
there we have something of the tone of our genial franklin; but butler is a franklin without a single impulse of franklin's wide benevolence and practical beneficence, a franklin shorn of the spirit of his greatness, namely, his immensely intelligent social consciousness.
we are less concerned for the moment with his substance than with his character and manner as scientific controversialist.
though such professional training as he had was for the church and for painting, he seems never to have doubted that his mother wit was sufficient equipment, supplemented by reading in the british museum, for the overthrow of men like darwin, wallace and huxley, who from boyhood had given their lives to collecting, studying and experimenting with scientific data.
his theory has something in common with current philosophical speculation, and it is in part, as i understand, a kind of adumbration, a shrewd guess, at the present attitude of cytologists.
it has thus entitled butler to half a dozen footnotes in a centenary volume on darwin; but it hardly justifies his transference of darwin's laurels to button, lamarck, erasmus darwin and himself; nor does it justify his reiterated contention that darwin was a plagiarist, a fraud, a pecksniff and a liar.
he swelled the ephemeral body of scientific speculation; but his contribution to the verified body of science was negligible, and the injuries that he inflicted upon the scientific spirit were considerable.
for their symptomatic value, we must glance at butler's sallies into some other fields.
he held as an educational principle that it is hardly worth while to study any subject till one is ready to use it.
when in his fifties he wished to write music, he took up for the first time the study of counterpoint.
in the same decade he cheerfully applied for the slade professorship of art at cambridge; and he took credit for the rediscovery of a lost school of sculpture.
when he got to circe it suddenly flashed upon him that he was reading the work of a young woman!
it was the most startling literary discovery since delia bacon burst into the silent sea on which colonel fabyan of the biliteral cypher is the latest navigator.
that the classical scholars laughed at or ignored him did not shake his belief that the work was as important as anything he had done.
his inacquaintance with english poetry, however, did not embarrass him, when, two years after bringing out his sicilian authoress, he cleared up the mysteries of shakespeare's sonnets.
nor did it prevent his dismissing the skeptical dr. furnivall, after a discussion at an a.
the poor old doctor, like the greek scholars and the professional men of science, had blunted his wits by too much research.
butler maintained that every man's work is a portrait of himself, and in his own case the features stand out ruggedly enough.
why should any one see in this infatuated pursuer of paradox a reincarnation of the pagan wisdom?
in his small personal affairs he shows a certain old-maidish tidiness and the prudence of an experienced old bachelor, who manages his little pleasures without scandal.
but in his intellectual life what vestige do we find of the greek or even of the roman sobriety, poise and decorum?
in one respect butler was conservative: he respected the established political and economic order.
but he respected it only because it enabled him, without bestirring himself about his bread and butter, to sit quietly in his rooms at clifford's inn and invent attacks on every other form of orthodoxy.
with a desire to be conspicuous only surpassed by his desire to be original he worked out the central butlerian principle; videlicet: the fact that all the best qualified judges agree that a thing is true and valuable establishes an overwhelming presumption that it is valueless and false.
with his feet firmly planted on this grand radical maxim he employed his lively wit with lawyer-like ingenuity to make out a case against family life, of which he was incapable; against imaginative love, of which he was ignorant; against chivalry, otherwise the conventions of gentlemen, which he had but imperfectly learned; against victorian men of letters, whom, by his own account, he had never read; against altruistic morality and the substance of christianity, which were repugnant to his selfishness and other vices; against victorian men of science, whose researches he had never imitated; and against elizabethan and classical scholarship, which he took up in an odd moment as one plays a game of solitaire before going to bed.
to his disciples he could not bequeath his cleverness; but he left them his recipe for originality, his manners and his assurance, which has been gathering compound interest ever since.
it makes one wonder, submitting one's self to the moving music and magic of that prose, so simple and yet so subtle in its flavor, whether poetry is not, after all, an inferior and more mechanic form.
how direct and satisfying a passage to the mind mr. tomlinson's paragraphs have.
how they build and cumulate, how the sentences shift, turn and move in delicate loops and ridges under the blowing wind of thought, like the sand of the dunes that he describes in one essay.
and through it all, as intangible but as real and beautifying as moonlight, there is the pervading brightness of a particular way of looking at the world, something for which we have no catchword, the illumination of a spirit at once humorous, melancholy, shrewd, lovely and humane.
somehow, when one is caught in the web of that exquisite, considered prose, the awkward symbols of speech seem transparent; we come close to a man's mind.
the rain flashed across the midnight window with a myriad feet.
there was a groan in outer darkness, the voice of all nameless dreads.
the nervous candle-flame shuddered by my bedside.
the groaning rose to a shriek, and the little flame jumped in a panic, and nearly left its white column.
out of the corners of the room swarmed the released shadows.
black specters danced in ecstasy over my bed.
i love fresh air, but i cannot allow it to slay the shining and delicate body of my little friend the candle-flame, the comrade who ventures with me into the solitudes beyond midnight.
they talk of the candle-power of an electric bulb.
it cannot have the faintest glimmer of the real power of my candle.
that pinch of star dust, the pleiades, exquisitely remote in deepest night, in the profound where light all but fails, has not the power of a sulphur match; yet, still apprehensive to the mind though tremulous on the limit of vision, and sometimes even vanishing, it brings into distinction those distant and difficult hints--hidden far behind all our verified thoughts--which we rarely properly view.
i should like to know of any great arc-lamp which could do that.
no other light follows so intimately an author's most ghostly suggestion.
we sit, the candle and i, in the midst of the shades we are conquering, and sometimes look up from the lucent page to contemplate the dark hosts of the enemy with a smile before they overwhelm us; as they will, of course.
like me, the candle is mortal; it will burn out.
as the bed-book itself should be a sort of night-light, to assist its illumination, coarse lamps are useless.
the light for such a book must accord with it.
it must be, like the book, a limited, personal, mellow, and companionable glow; the solitary taper beside the only worshiper in a sanctuary.
that is why nothing can compare with the intimacy of candle-light for a bed-book.
it is a living heart, bright and warm in central night, burning for us alone, holding the gaunt and towering shadows at bay.
there the monstrous specters stand in our midnight room, the advance guard of the darkness of the world, held off by our valiant little glim, but ready to flood instantly and founder us in original gloom.
the wind moans without; ancient evils are at large and wandering in torment.
for a moment, for just a moment, the sentinel candle is shaken, and burns blue with terror.
the little flame recovers, and merely looks at its foe the darkness, and back to its own place goes the old enemy of light and man.
the candle for me, tiny, mortal, warm, and brave, a golden lily on a silver stem!
i nearly replied in a hurry that almost any woman would do for a wife; but that is not the way to bring people to conviction of sin.
her idea was that the bed-book is soporific, and for that reason she even advocated the reading of political speeches.
certainly you would go to sleep; but in what a frame of mind!
you would enter into sleep with your eyes shut.
it would be like dying, not only unshriven, but in the act of guilt.
think of plato, or dante, or tolstoy, or a blue book for such an occasion!
they will not do--they are no good to me.
i know those men i have named are transcendent, the greater lights.
but i am bound to confess at times they bore me.
though their feet are clay and on earth, just as ours, their stellar brows are sometimes dim in remote clouds.
for my part, they are too big for bed-fellows.
i cannot see myself, carrying my feeble and restricted glim, following (in pajamas) the statuesque figure of the florentine where it stalks, aloof in its garb of austere pity, the sonorous deeps of hades.
as for the russian, vast and disquieting, i refuse to leave all, including the blankets and the pillow, to follow him into the gelid tranquillity of the upper air, where even the colors are prismatic spicules of ice, to brood upon the erratic orbit of the poor mud-ball below called earth.
i know it is my world also; but i cannot help that.
it is too late, after a busy day, and at that hour, to begin overtime on fashioning a new and better planet out of cosmic dust.
by breakfast-time, nothing useful would have been accomplished.
we should all be where we were the night before.
the job is far too long, once the pillow is nicely set.
for the truth is, there are times when we are too weary to remain attentive and thankful under the improving eye, kindly but severe, of the seers.
there are times when we do not wish to be any better than we are.
we do not wish to be elevated and improved.
as for the literary pundits, the high priests of the temple of letters, it is interesting and helpful occasionally for an acolyte to swinge them a good hard one with an incense-burner, and cut and run, for a change, to something outside the rubrics.
midnight is the time when one can recall, with ribald delight, the names of all the great works which every gentleman ought to have read, but which some of us have not.
for there is almost as much clotted nonsense written about literature as there is about theology.
there are few books which go with midnight, solitude, and a candle.
it is much easier to say what does not please us then than what is exactly right.
the book must be, anyhow, something benedictory by a sinning fellow-man.
cleverness would be repellent at such an hour.
cleverness, anyhow, is the level of mediocrity to-day; we are all too infernally clever.
the first witty and perverse paradox blows out the candle.
only the sick in mind crave cleverness, as a morbid body turns to drink.
the late candle throws its beams a great distance; and its rays make transparent much that seemed massy and important.
the mind at rest beside that light, when the house is asleep, and the consequential affairs of the urgent world have diminished to their right proportions because we see them distantly from another and a more tranquil place in the heavens where duty, honor, witty arguments, controversial logic on great questions, appear such as will leave hardly a trace of fossil in the indurated mud which presently will cover them--the mind then certainly smiles at cleverness.
for though at that hour the body may be dog-tired, the mind is white and lucid, like that of a man from whom a fever has abated.
it has a sharp focus, small and starlike, as a clear and lonely flame left burning by the altar of a shrine from which all have gone but one.
a book which approaches that light in the privacy of that place must come, as it were, with honest and open pages.
his mockery of the grave and great, in those sentences which are as brave as pennants in a breeze, is comfortable and sedative.
one's own secret and awkward convictions, never expressed because not lawful and because it is hard to get words to bear them lightly, seem then to be heard aloud in the mild, easy, and confident diction of an immortal whose voice has the blitheness of one who has watched, amused and irreverent, the high gods in eager and secret debate on the best way to keep the gilt and trappings on the body of the evil they have created.
that first-rate explorer, gulliver, is also fine in the light of the intimate candle.
have you read lately again his voyage to the houyhnhnms?
swift knew all about our contemporary troubles.
reading that last voyage of gulliver in the select intimacy of midnight i am forced to wonder, not at swift's hatred of mankind, not at his satire of his fellows, not at the strange and terrible nature of this genius who thought that much of us, but how it is that after such a wise and sorrowful revealing of the things we insist on doing, and our reasons for doing them, and what happens after we have done them, men do not change.
it does seem impossible that society could remain unaltered, after the surprise its appearance should have caused it as it saw its face in that ruthless mirror.
we point instead to the fact that swift lost his mind in the end.
well, that is not a matter for surprise.
they resolve one's agitated and outraged soul, relieving it with some free expression for the accusing and questioning thoughts engendered by the day's affairs.
but they do not rest immediately to hand in the book-shelf by the bed.
they depend on the kind of day one has had.
but best of all books for midnight are travel books.
a long course of the ordinary facile stuff, such as one gets in the press every day, thinking it is english, sends one thoughtless and headlong among the bitter herbs and stark boulders of doughty's burning and spacious expanse; only to get bewildered, and the shins broken, and a great fatigue at first, in a strange land of fierce sun, hunger, glittering spar, ancient plutonic rock, and very adam himself.
but once you are acclimatized, and know the language--it takes time--there is no more london after dark, till, a wanderer returned from a forgotten land, you emerge from the interior of arabia on the red sea coast again, feeling as though you had lost touch with the world you used to know.
and if that doesn't mean good writing i know of no other test.
because once there was a father whose habit it was to read with his boys nightly some chapters of the bible--and cordially they hated that habit of his--i have that book too; though i fear i have it for no reason that he, the rigid old faithful, would be pleased to hear about.
he thought of the future when he read the bible; i read it for the past.
the familiar names, the familiar rhythm of its words, its wonderful well-remembered stories of things long past--like that of esther, one of the best in english--the eloquent anger of the prophets for the people then who looked as though they were alive, but were really dead at heart, all is solace and home to me.
and now i think of it, it is our home and solace that we want in a bed-book.
her dainty spoor is perhaps too lightly trodden upon earth to be followed by the throng.
and yet one has faith in the imperishability of such a star-dust track.
there was a certain sadness in learning, when the news of her death came, that many of our present-day critical sanhedrim had never even become aware of her name.
there is no space, in this brief note, to do justice to her.
the student will refer to the newly published memoir by her friend, alice brown.
her later years were spent in england, mostly at oxford: the bodleian library was a candle and she the ecstatic moth.
a certain sort of voluntary abstraction is the oldest and choicest of social attitudes.
in france, where all esthetic discoveries are made, it was crowned long ago: la sainte indiffrence is, or may be, a cult, and le saint indiffrent an articled practitioner.
for the gallic mind, brought up at the knee of a consistent paradox, has found that not to appear concerned about a desired good is the only method to possess it; full happiness is given, in other words, to the very man who will never sue for it.
without fear: not because we are brave, but because we are exempt; we bear so charmed a life that not even baldur's mistletoe can touch us to harm us.
without solicitude: for the essential thing is trained, falcon-like, to light from above upon our wrists, and it has become with us an automatic motion to open the hand, and drop what appertains to us no longer.
since only so, by depletions, can we buy serenity and a blithe mien.
it is diverting to study, at the feet of antisthenes and of socrates his master, how many indispensables man can live without; or how many he can gather together, make over into luxuries, and so abrogate them.
no: furniture is clearly a superstition.
rather, let him collect beetles and venetian interrogation-marks; if so be that he may distinguish what is truly extrinsic to him, and bestow these toys, eventually, on the children of satan who clamor at the monastery gate.
of all his store, unconsciously increased, he can always part with sixteen-seventeenths, by way of concession to his individuality, and think the subtraction so much concealing marble chipped from the heroic figure of himself.
he would be a donor from the beginning; before he can be seen to own, he will disencumber, and divide.
strange and fearful is his discovery, amid the bric-a-brac of the world, that this knowledge, or this material benefit, is for him alone.
he would fain beg off from the acquisition, and shake the touch of the tangible from his imperious wings.
it is not enough to cease to strive for personal favor; your true indiffrent is early franciscan: caring not to have, he fears to hold.
things useful need never become to him things desirable.
towards all commonly-accounted sinecures, he bears the coldest front in nature, like a magician walking a maze, and scornful of its flower-bordered detentions.
meanwhile, they who act with too jealous respect for their morrow of civilized comfort, reap only indigestion, and crow's-foot traceries for their deluded eye-corners.
now nothing is farther from le saint indiffrent than cheap indifferentism, so-called: the sickness of sophomores.
his business is to hide, not to display, his lack of interest in fripperies.
it is not he who looks languid, and twiddles his thumbs for sick misplacedness, like achilles among girls.
on the contrary, he is a smiling industrious elf, monstrous attentive to the canons of polite society.
in relation to others, he shows what passes for animation and enthusiasm; for at all times his character is founded on control of these qualities, not on the absence of them.
it flatters his sense of superiority that he may thus pull wool about the ears of joint and several.
he has so strong a will that it can be crossed and counter-crossed, as by himself, so by a dozen outsiders, without a break in his apparent phlegm.
he has gone through volition, and come out at the other side of it; everything with him is a specific act: he has no habits.
le saint indiffrent is a dramatic wight: he loves to refuse your proffered six per cent, when, by a little haggling, he may obtain three-and-a-half.
for so he gets away with his own mental processes virgin: it is inconceivable to you that, being sane, he should so comport himself.
amiable, perhaps, only by painful propulsions and sore vigilance, let him appear the mere inheritor of easy good-nature.
unselfish out of sheer pride, and ever eager to claim the slippery side of the pavement, or the end cut of the roast (on the secret ground, be it understood, that he is not as capuan men, who wince at trifles), let him have his ironic reward in passing for one whose physical connoisseurship is yet in the raw.
that sympathy which his rule forbids his devoting to the usual objects, he expends, with some bravado, upon their opposites; for he would fain seem a decent partizan of some sort, not what he is, a bivalve intelligence, tros tyriusque.
imagining nothing idler than words in the face of grave events, he condoles and congratulates with the genteelest air in the world.
in short, while there is anything expected of him, while there are spectators to be fooled, the stratagems of the fellow prove inexhaustible.
it is only when he is quite alone that he drops his jaw, and stretches his legs; then heigho!
as it came from him in the beginning, that plaint, in its sincerity, can come only from the man of culture, who feels about him vast mental spaces and depths, and to whom the face of creation is but comparative and symbolic.
nor will he breathe it in the common ear, where it may woo misapprehensions, and breed ignorant rebellion.
the unlettered must ever love or hate what is nearest him, and, for lack of perspective, think his own fist the size of the sun.
the social prizes, which, with mellowed observers, rank as twelfth or thirteenth in order of desirability, such as wealth and a foothold in affairs, seem to him first and sole; and to them he clings like a barnacle.
but to our indiffrent, nothing is so vulgar as close suction.
he will never tighten his fingers on loaned opportunity; he is a gentleman, the hero of the habitually relaxed grasp.
he would not be a life-prisoner, in ever so charming a bower.
while the tranquil sabine farm is his delight, well he knows that on the dark trail ahead of him, even sabine farms are not sequacious.
thus he learns betimes to play the guest under his own cedars, and, with disciplinary intent, goes often from them; and, hearing his heart-strings snap the third night he is away, rejoices that he is again a freedman.
where his foot is planted (though it root not anywhere), he calls that spot home.
no unitarian in locality, it follows that he is the best of travelers, tangential merely, and pleased with each new vista of the human past.
he sometimes wishes his understanding less, that he might itch deliciously with a prejudice.
with cosmic congruities, great and general forces, he keeps, all along, a tacit understanding, such as one has with beloved relatives at a distance; and his finger, airily inserted in his outer pocket, is really upon the pulse of eternity.
his vocation, however, is to bury himself in the minor and immediate task; and from his intent manner, he gets confounded, promptly and permanently, with the victims of commercial ambition.
the true use of the much-praised lucius cary, viscount falkland, has hardly been apprehended: he is simply the patron saint of indiffrents.
from first to last, almost alone in that discordant time, he seems to have heard far-off resolving harmonies, and to have been rapt away with foreknowledge.
battle, to which all knights were bred, was penitential to him.
it was but a childish means: and to what end?
he meanwhile--and no man carried his will in better abeyance to the scheme of the universe--wanted no diligence in camp or council.
cares sat handsomely on him who cared not at all, who won small comfort from the cause which his conscience finally espoused.
he labored to be a doer, to stand well with observers; and none save his intimate friends read his agitation and profound weariness.
and so, driven from the ardor he had to the simulation of the ardor he lacked, loyally daring, a sacrifice to one of two transient opinions, and inly impartial as a star, lord falkland fell: the young never-to-be-forgotten martyr of newburg field.
the imminent deed he made a work of art; and the station of the moment the only post of honor.
life and death may be all one to such a man: but he will at least take the noblest pains to discriminate between tweedledum and tweedledee, if he has to write a book about the variations of their antenn.
and like the carolian exemplar is the disciple.
the indiffrent is a good thinker, or a good fighter.
nevertheless, his sign-manual is content with humble and stagnant conditions.
he deals not with things, but with the impressions and analogies of things.
the material counts for nothing with him: he has moulted it away.
not so sure of the identity of the higher course of action as he is of his consecrating dispositions, he feels that he may make heaven again, out of sundries, as he goes.
no one will claim a buccaneering hero for an indiffrent, however.
the jesuit novices were ball-playing almost at that very time, three hundred years ago, when some too speculative companion, figuring the end of the world in a few moments (with just leisure enough, between, to be shriven in chapel, according to his own thrifty mind), asked louis of gonzaga how he, on his part, should employ the precious interval.
but to cite the behavior of any of the saints is to step over the playful line allotted.
indifference of the mundane brand is not to be confounded with their detachment, which is emancipation wrought in the soul, and the ineffable efflorescence of the christian spirit.
like most supernatural virtues, it has a laic shadow; the counsel to abstain, and to be unsolicitous, is one not only of perfection, but also of polity.
a very little nonadhesion to common affairs, a little reserve of unconcern, and the gay spirit of sacrifice, provide the moral immunity which is the only real estate.
the indiffrent believes in storms: since tales of shipwreck encompass him.
but once among his own kind, he wonders that folk should be circumvented by merely extraneous powers!
no slave to any vicissitude, his imagination is, on the contrary, the cheerful obstinate tyrant of all that is.
his universe is a universe of balls, like those which the cunning oriental carvers make out of ivory; each entire surface perforated with the same delicate pattern, each moving prettily and inextricably within the other, and all but the outer one impossible to handle.
in some such innermost asylum the right sort of dare-devil sits smiling, while men rage or weep.
a very large public has enjoyed mr. white's writings--many of his readers, perhaps, without accurately realizing how extraordinarily good they are.
why this is so i have never been able to discover.
it apparently comes from no predisposing uneasiness of indigestion, no rashness in the matter of too much tea or tobacco, no excitation of unusual incident or stimulating conversation.
in fact, you turn in with the expectation of rather a good night's rest.
perhaps the reservoir of your vital forces is full to the overflow of a little waste; or perhaps, more subtly, the great mother insists thus that you enter the temple of her larger mysteries.
for, unlike mere insomnia, lying awake at night in the woods is pleasant.
the eager, nervous straining for sleep gives way to a delicious indifference.
your mind is cradled in an exquisite poppy-suspension of judgment and of thought.
impressions slip vaguely into your consciousness and as vaguely out again.
sometimes they stand stark and naked for your inspection; sometimes they lose themselves in the mist of half-sleep.
always they lay soft velvet fingers on the drowsy imagination, so that in their caressing you feel the vaster spaces from which they have come.
peaceful-brooding your faculties receive.
hearing, sight, smell--all are preternaturally keen to whatever of sound and sight and woods perfume is abroad through the night; and yet at the same time active appreciation dozes, so these things lie on it sweet and cloying like fallen rose-leaves.
they speak very soft and low and distinct beneath the steady roar and dashing, beneath even the lesser tinklings and gurglings whose quality superimposes them over the louder sounds.
they are like the tear-forms swimming across the field of vision, which disappear so quickly when you concentrate your sight to look at them, and which reappear so magically when again your gaze turns vacant.
in the stillness of your hazy half-consciousness they speak; when you bend your attention to listen, they are gone, and only the tumults and the tinklings remain.
but in the moments of their audibility they are very distinct.
just as often an odor will wake all a vanished memory, so these voices, by the force of a large impressionism, suggest whole scenes.
or, in the pauses between the swish-dash-dashings of the waters, sound faint and clear voices singing intermittently, calls, distant notes of laughter, as though many canoes were working against the current--only the flotilla never gets any nearer, nor the voices louder.
to each is his vision, according to his experience.
the nations of the earth whisper to their exiled sons through the voices of the rapids.
curiously enough, by all reports, they suggest always peaceful scenes--a harvest-field, a street fair, a sunday morning in a cathedral town, careless travelers--never the turmoils and struggles.
perhaps this is the great mother's compensation in a harsh mode of life.
nothing is more fantastically unreal to tell about, nothing more concretely real to experience, than this undernote of the quick water.
and when you do lie awake at night, it is always making its unobtrusive appeal.
the distant chimes ring louder and nearer as you cross the borderland of sleep.
and then outside the tent some little woods noise snaps the thread.
an owl hoots, a whippoorwill cries, a twig cracks beneath the cautious prowl of some night creature--at once the yellow sunlit french meadows puff away--you are staring at the blurred image of the moon spraying through the texture of your tent.
the voices of the rapids have dropped into the background, as have the dashing noises of the stream.
through the forest is a great silence, but no stillness at all.
these, with the ceaseless dash of the rapids, are the web on which the night traces her more delicate embroideries of the unexpected.
no beverage is more grateful than the cup of spring water you drink at such a time; no moment more refreshing than that in which you look about you at the darkened forest.
you have cast from you with the warm blanket the drowsiness of dreams.
a coolness, physical and spiritual, bathes you from head to foot.
all your senses are keyed to the last vibrations.
you hear the littler night prowlers; you glimpse the greater.
a faint, searching woods perfume of dampness greets your nostrils.
and somehow, mysteriously, in a manner not to be understood, the forces of the world seem in suspense, as though a touch might crystallize infinite possibilities into infinite power and motion.
the forces hover on the edge of action, unheeding the little noises.
in all humbleness and awe, you are a dweller of the silent places.
at such a time you will meet with adventures.
one night we put fourteen inquisitive porcupines out of camp.
near mcgregor's bay i discovered in the large grass park of my camp-site nine deer, cropping the herbage like so many beautiful ghosts.
a friend tells me of a fawn that every night used to sleep outside his tent and within a foot of his head, probably by way of protection against wolves.
its mother had in all likelihood been killed.
the instant my friend moved toward the tent opening the little creature would disappear, and it was always gone by earliest daylight.
nocturnal bears in search of pork are not uncommon.
but even though your interest meets nothing but the bats and the woods shadows and the stars, that few moments of the sleeping world forces is a psychical experience to be gained in no other way.
you cannot know the night by sitting up; she will sit up with you.
only by coming into her presence from the borders of sleep can you meet her face to face in her intimate mood.
the night wind from the river, or from the open spaces of the wilds, chills you after a time.
in a few moments you roll yourself in their soft wool.
and, strange to say, you have not to pay by going through the day unrefreshed.
you may feel like turning in at eight instead of nine, and you may fall asleep with unusual promptitude, but your journey will begin clear-headedly, proceed springily, and end with much in reserve.
no languor, no dull headache, no exhaustion, follows your experience.
for this once your two hours of sleep have been as effective as nine.
she did editorial and free-lance work in new york after graduation, and later went to washington to become private secretary to the argentine ambassador.
forces astir in the deepest roots grow restless beneath the lock of frost.
better to stay behind the frozen gate than to come too early up into realms where the wolves of cold are still aprowl.
wisely the snow places a white hand over eager life unseen, but perceived in february's woods as a swimmer feels the changing moods of water in a lake fed by springs.
only the thick stars, closer and more companionable than in months of foliage, burn alert and serene.
in february the milky way is revealed divinely lucent to lonely peoples--herdsmen, mountaineers, fishermen, trappers--who are abroad in the starlight hours of this grave and silent time of year.
it is in the long, frozen nights that the sky has most red flowers.
february knows the beat of twilight wings.
drifting north again come birds who only pretended to forsake us--adventurers, not so fond of safety but that they dare risk finding how snow bunting and pine finch have plundered the cones of the evergreens, while chickadees, sparrows, and crows are supervising from established stations all the more domestic supplies available, a sparrow often making it possible to annoy even a duck out of her share of cracked corn.
ranged along a brown-draped oak branch in the waxing light, crows show a lordly glistening of feathers.
(sun on a sweeping wing in flight has the quality of sun on a ripple.)
where hemlocks gather, deep in somber woods, the great horned owl has thus soon, perhaps working amid snows at her task, built a nest wherein march will find sturdy balls of fluff.
the thunderous love song of her mate sounds through the timber.
by the time the wren has nested these winter babies will be solemn with the wisdom of their famous race.
there is no season like the end of february for cleaning out brooks.
hastening yellow waters toss a dreary wreckage of torn or ashen leaves, twigs, acorn cups, stranded rafts of bark, and buttonballs from the sycamore, never to come to seed.
standing on one bank or both, according to the sundering flood's ambition, the knight with staff and bold forefinger sets the water princess free.
she goes then curtsying and dimpling over the shining gravel, sliding from beneath the ice that roofs her on the uplands down to the softer valleys, where her quickened step will be heard by the frogs in their mansions of mud, and the fish, recluses in rayless pools, will rise to the light she brings.
down from the frozen mountains, in summer, birds and winds must bear the seed of alpine flowers--lilies that lean against unmelting snows, poppies, bright-colored herbs, and the palely gleaming, fringed beauties that change names with countries.
how just and reasonable it would seem to be that flowers which edge the ice in july should consent to bloom in lowlands no colder in february!
the pageant of blue, magenta, and scarlet on the austere upper slopes of the rockies, where nights are bitter to the summer wanderer--why should it not flourish to leeward of a valley barn in months when icicles hang from the eaves in this tamer setting?
mountain tempests are endurable to the silken-petaled.
the treacherous lowland winter, with its coaxing suns followed by roaring desolation, is for blooms bred in a different tradition.
the light is clear but hesitant, a delicate wine, by no means the mighty vintage of april.
february has no intoxication; the vague eagerness that gives the air a pulse where fields lie voiceless comes from the secret stirring of imprisoned life.
spring and sunrise are forever miracles, but the early hour of the wonder hardly hints the exuberance of its fulfilment.
even the forest dwellers move gravely, thankful for any promise of kindness from the lord of day as he hangs above a sea-gray landscape, but knowing well that their long duress is not yet to end.
deer pathetically haunt the outskirts of farms, gazing upon cattle feeding in winter pasture from the stack, and often, after dark, clearing the fences and robbing the same disheveled storehouse.
the woodchuck, after his single expeditionary effort on candlemas, which he is obliged to make for mankind's enlightenment, has retired without being seen, in sunshine or shadow, and has not the slightest intention of disturbing himself just yet.
though snowdrops may feel uneasy, he knows too much about the ides of march!
quietest of all northern woods creatures, the otter slides from one ice-hung waterfall to the next.
the solitary scamperer left is the cottontail, appealing because he is the most pursued and politest of the furry; faithfully trying to give no offense, except when starvation points to winter cabbage, he is none the less fey.
so is the mink, though he moves like a phantom.
mosses, whereon march in coming treads first, show one hue brighter in the swamps.
pussy willows have made a gray dawn in viny caverns where the day's own dawn looks in but faintly, and the flushing of the red willow betrays reveries of a not impossible cowslip upon the bank beneath.
the blue jay has mentioned it in the course of his voluble recollections.
he is unwilling to prophesy arbutus, but he will just hint that when the leaves in the wood lot show through snow as early as this.... once he found a hepatica bud the last day of february....
speaking with his old friend, the muskrat, last week.... and when you can see red pebbles in the creek at five o'clock in the afternoon....
but it is no use to expect yellow orchids on the west knoll this spring, for some people found them there last year, and after that you might as well.... of course cowslips beside red willows are remarkably pretty, just as blue jays in a cedar with blue berries....
he is interminable, but then he has seen a great deal of life.
and february needs her blue jays' unwearied and conquering faith.
this discourse on poetry seems to me one of the most pregnant utterances on the subject.
it is not perfectly appreciated by merely one reading; but even if you have to become a poet to enjoy it fully, that will do yourself least harm.
if poetry in its higher reaches is more philosophical than history, because it presents the memorable types of men and things apart from unmeaning circumstances, so in its primary substance and texture poetry is more philosophical than prose because it is nearer to our immediate experience.
poetry breaks up the trite conceptions designated by current words into the sensuous qualities out of which those conceptions were originally put together.
we name what we conceive and believe in, not what we see; things, not images; souls, not voices and silhouettes.
this naming, with the whole education of the senses which it accompanies, subserves the uses of life; in order to thread our way through the labyrinth of objects which assault us, we must make a great selection in our sensuous experience; half of what we see and hear we must pass over as insignificant, while we piece out the other half with such an ideal complement as is necessary to turn it into a fixed and well-ordered conception of the world.
when the child of poetic genius, who has learned this intellectual and utilitarian language in the cradle, goes afield and gathers for himself the aspects of nature, he begins to encumber his mind with the many living impressions which the intellect rejected, and which the language of the intellect can hardly convey; he labors with his nameless burden of perception, and wastes himself in aimless impulses of emotion and reverie, until finally the method of some art offers a vent to his inspiration, or to such part of it as can survive the test of time and the discipline of expression.
the poet retains by nature the innocence of the eye, or recovers it easily; he disintegrates the fictions of common perception into their sensuous elements, gathers these together again into chance groups as the accidents of his environment or the affinities of his temperament may conjoin them; and this wealth of sensation and this freedom of fancy, which make an extraordinary ferment in his ignorant heart, presently bubble over into some kind of utterance.
the fullness and sensuousness of such effusions bring them nearer to our actual perceptions than common discourse could come; yet they may easily seem remote, overloaded, and obscure to those accustomed to think entirely in symbols, and never to be interrupted in the algebraic rapidity of their thinking by a moment's pause and examination of heart, nor ever to plunge for a moment into that torrent of sensation and imagery over which the bridge of prosaic associations habitually carries us safe and dry to some conventional act.
how slight that bridge commonly is, how much an affair of trestles and wire, we can hardly conceive until we have trained ourselves to an extreme sharpness of introspection.
but psychologists have discovered, what laymen generally will confess, that we hurry by the procession of our mental images as we do by the traffic of the street, intent on business, gladly forgetting the noise and movement of the scene, and looking only for the corner we would turn or the door we would enter.
yet in our alertest moment the depths of the soul are still dreaming; the real world stands drawn in bare outline against a background of chaos and unrest.
our logical thoughts dominate experience only as the parallels and meridians make a checkerboard of the sea.
they guide our voyage without controlling the waves, which toss forever in spite of our ability to ride over them to our chosen ends.
sanity is a madness put to good uses; waking life is a dream controlled.
out of the neglected riches of this dream the poet fetches his wares.
he dips into the chaos that underlies the rational shell of the world and brings up some superfluous image, some emotion dropped by the way, and reattaches it to the present object; he reinstates things unnecessary, he emphasizes things ignored, he paints in again into the landscape the tints which the intellect has allowed to fade from it.
if he seems sometimes to obscure a fact, it is only because he is restoring an experience.
the first element which the intellect rejects in forming its ideas of things is the emotion which accompanies the perception; and this emotion is the first thing the poet restores.
he stops at the image, because he stops to enjoy.
he wanders into the bypaths of association because the bypaths are delightful.
the love of beauty which made him give measure and cadence to his words, the love of harmony which made him rhyme them, reappear in his imagination and make him select there also the material that is itself beautiful, or capable of assuming beautiful forms.
the link that binds together the ideas, sometimes so wide apart, which his wit assimilates, is most often the link of emotion; they have in common some element of beauty or of horror.
i regret that i cannot praise him, for at present we both work in the same office, and kind words uttered in public would cause him to avoid me forever.
all that is necessary is for my readers to examine his books and they will say for themselves what i am restrained from hinting.
once every three months, with fair regularity, she was brought into the night court, found guilty, and fined.
she came in between eleven o'clock and midnight, when the traffic of the court is at its heaviest, and it would be an hour, perhaps, before she was called to the bar.
when her turn came she would rise from her seat at one end of the prisoners' bench and confront the magistrate.
her eyes did not reach to the level of the magistrate's desk.
a policeman in citizen's clothes would mount the witness stand, take oath with a seriousness of mien which was surprising, in view of the frequency with which he was called upon to repeat the formula, and testify in an illiterate drone to a definite infraction of the law of the state, committed in his presence and with his encouragement.
while he spoke the magistrate would look at the ceiling.
when she was called upon to answer she defended herself with an obvious lie or two, while the magistrate looked over her head.
he would then condemn her to pay the sum of ten dollars to the state and let her go.
she came to look forward to her visits at the night court.
* * * * * the night court is no longer a center of general interest.
during the first few months after it was established, two or three years ago, it was one of the great sights of a great city.
for the newspapers it was a rich source of human-interest stories.
it replaced chinatown in its appeal to visitors from out-of-town.
the sociologists, sincere and amateur, crowded the benches and took notes.
the newspapers long ago abandoned the night court, clergymen go to it rarely for their texts, and the tango has taken its place.
but the sociologists and the casual visitor have not disappeared.
serious people, anxious for an immediate vision of the pity of life, continue to fill the benches comfortably.
no session of the court is without its little group of social investigators, among whom the women are in the majority.
many of them are young women, exceedingly sympathetic, handsomely gowned, and very well taken care of.
as she sat at one end of the prisoners' bench waiting her turn before the magistrate's desk, she would cast a sidelong glance over the railing that separated her from the handsomely gowned, gently bred, sympathetic young women in the audience.
she observed with extraordinary admiration and delight those charming faces softened in pity, the graceful bearing, the admirably constructed yet simple coiffures, the elegance of dress, which she compared with the best that the windows in sixth avenue could show.
she was amazed to find such gowns actually being worn instead of remaining as an unattainable ideal on smiling lay figures in the shop windows.
occupants of the prisoners' bench are not supposed to stare at the spectators.
her visits to the night court had become so much a matter of routine that she would venture a peep over the railing while the case immediately preceding her own was being tried.
once or twice she was surprised by the clerk who called her name.
she stood up mechanically and faced the magistrate as officer smith, in civilian clothes, mounted the witness stand.
she had no grudge against officer smith.
she did not visualize him either as a person or as a part of a system.
she had neither the training nor the imagination to look behind officer smith and see a communal policy which has not the power to suppress, nor the courage to acknowledge, nor the skill to regulate, and so contents itself with sending out full-fed policemen in civilian clothes to work up the evidence that defends society against her kind through the imposition of a ten-dollar fine.
to some of the women on the visitors' benches the cruelty of the process came home: this business of setting a two-hundred-pound policeman in citizen's clothes, backed up by magistrates, clerks, court criers, interpreters, and court attendants, to worrying a ten-dollar fine out of a half-grown woman under an enormous imitation ostrich plume.
the professional sociologists were chiefly interested in the money cost of this process to the tax-payer, and they took notes on the proportion of first offenders.
yet the night court is a remarkable advance in civilization.
formerly, in addition to her fine, the prisoner would pay a commission to the professional purveyor of bail.
sometimes, if the magistrate was young or new to the business, she would be given a chance against officer smith.
she would be called to the witness chair and under oath be allowed to elaborate on the obvious lies which constituted her usual defense.
this would give her the opportunity, between the magistrate's questions, of sweeping the courtroom with a full, hungry look for as much as half a minute at a time.
she saw the women in the audience only, and their clothes.
the pity in their eyes did not move her, because she was not in the least interested in what they thought, but in how they looked and what they wore.
they were part of a world which she would read about--she read very little--in the society columns of the sunday newspaper.
they were the women around whom headlines were written and whose pictures were printed frequently on the first page.
she could study them with comparative leisure in the night court.
outside in the course of her daily routine she might catch an occasional glimpse of these same women, through the windows of a passing taxi, or in the matine crowds, or going in and out of the fashionable shops.
but her work took her seldom into the region of taxicabs and fashionable shops.
the nature of her occupation kept her to furtive corners and the dark side of streets.
nor was she at such times in the mood for just appreciation of the beautiful things in life.
more than any other walk of life, hers was of an exacting nature, calling for intense powers of concentration both as regards the public and the police.
here, having nothing to fear and nothing out of the usual to hope for, she might give herself up to the esthetic contemplation of a beautiful world of which, at any other time, she could catch mere fugitive aspects.
sometimes i wonder why people think that life is only what they see and hear, and not what they read of.
the visitor really sees nothing and hears nothing that he has not read a thousand times in his newspaper and had it described in greater detail and with better-trained powers of observation than he can bring to bear in person.
what new phase of life is revealed by seeing in the body, say, a dozen practitioners of a trade of whom we know there are several tens of thousands in new york?
they have been described by the human-interest reporters, analyzed by the statisticians, defended by the social revolutionaries, and explained away by the optimists.
for that matter, to the faithful reader of the newspapers, daily and sunday, what can there be new in this world from the pyramids by moonlight to the habits of the night prowler?
can the upper classes really acquire for themselves, through slumming parties and visits to the night court, anything like the knowledge that books and newspapers can furnish them?
can the lower classes ever hope to obtain that complete view of the fifth avenue set which the sunday columns offer them?
and yet there the case stands: only by seeing and hearing for ourselves, however imperfectly, do we get the sense of reality.
that is why our criminal courts are probably our most influential schools of democracy.
more than our settlement houses, more than our subsidized dancing-schools for shopgirls, they encourage the get-together process through which one-half the world learns how the other half lives.
on either side of the railing of the prisoners' cage is an audience and a stage.
that is why she would look forward to her regular visits at the night court.
it is a charming example of how pleasantly a great scholar can unbend on occasion.
more than ever one feels that sound liquor, in moderation, is a preservative of both body and wit.
for these better sorts at least the good old rule was, when you began on one cask always to have in another.
even cobbett, whose belief in beer was the noblest feature in his character, allowed that it required some keeping.
i did once drink, at st david's, ale so new that it frothed from the cask as creamily as if it had been bottled: and i wondered whether the famous beer of bala, which borrow found so good at his first visit and so bad at his second, had been like it.
[e] on the other hand, the very best bass i ever drank had had an exactly contrary experience.
at the freeburn inn on the first-named river we found some beer of singular excellence: and, asking the damsel who waited on us about it, were informed that a cask of bass had been put in during the previous october, but, owing to a sudden break in the weather and the departure of all visitors, had never been tapped till our arrival.
jars are makeshifts, though useful makeshifts: and small beer will not keep in them for much more than a week.
in the country districts, much to be recommended.
is the lowest admission in point of volume that should be allowed.
of one such firkin i have a pleasant memory and memorial, though it never reposed in my home cellar.
it was just before the present century opened, and some years before we professors in scotland had, of our own motion and against considerable opposition, given up half of the old six months' holiday without asking for or receiving a penny more salary.
(i have since chuckled at the horror and wrath with which mr. smillie and mr. thomas would hear of such profligate conduct.)
one could therefore move about with fairly long halts: and i had taken from a friend a house at abingdon for some time.
so, though i could not even then drink quite as much beer as i could thirty years earlier a little higher up the thames, it became necessary to procure a cask.
i detached the card, and i believe i have it to this day as my choicest (because quite unsolicited) testimonial.
very strong beer permits itself, of course, to be bottled and kept in bottles: but i rather doubt whether it also is not best from the wood; though it is equally of course, much easier to cellar it and keep it bottled.
i once invested in some--not younger's--which i kept for nearly sixteen years, and which was still treacle at the end.
once when living in the cambridgeshire village mentioned earlier i had some, bottled in cambridge itself, of great age and excellence.
(i own that the lanes thereabouts are very dark.)
in former days, though probably not at present, you could often find rather choice specimens of strong beer produced at small breweries in the country.
i remember such even in the channel islands.
i have since--a slight sorrow to season the joy of reinstatement there--been told that it is now obtained from outside.
[f] and all souls is the only other college in which, from actual recent experience, i can imagine the possibility of the exorcism, strongbeerum!
discede a lay-fratre petro, if lay-brother peter were so silly as to abuse, or play tricks with, the good gift.
there was much home-brewing in east anglia at the time i lived there, and i once got the village carpenter to give me some of his own manufacture.
it was as good light ale as i ever wish to drink (many times better than the wretched stuff that dora has foisted on us), and he told me that, counting in every expense for material, cost and wear of plant, etc., it came to about a penny[g] a quart.
the late lord de tabley--better or at least longer known as mr. leicester warren--once gave a dinner at the athenum at which i was present, and had up from his cheshire cellars some of the old ale for which that county is said to be famous, to make flip after dinner.
it was shunned by most of the pusillanimous guests, but not by me, and it was excellent.
but i should like to have tried it unflipped.
gave it once in some budget debate, i think.
it is said to be brewed of wheat, which is not in its favor (wheat was meant to be eaten, not drunk) and very bitter, which is.
the comeliest of black malts is, of course, that noble liquor called of guinness.
but there used to be in the country districts a sort of light porter which was one of the most refreshing liquids conceivable for hot weather.
i have drunk it in yorkshire at the foot of roseberry topping, out of big stone bottles like champagne magnums.
genuine lager beer is no more to be boycotted than genuine hock, though, by the way, the best that i ever drank (it was at the good town of king's lynn) was low not high dutch in origin.
it was so good that i wrote to the shippers at rotterdam to see if i could get some sent to leith, but the usual difficulties in establishing connection between wholesale dealers and individual buyers prevented this.
english lager i must say i have never liked; perhaps i have been unlucky in my specimens.
and good as scotch strong beer is, i cannot say that the lighter and medium kinds are very good in scotland.
in fact, in edinburgh i used to import beer of this kind from lincolnshire,[i] where there is no mistake about it.
i have never liked perry on the few occasions on which i have tasted it; perhaps because its taste has always reminded me of the smell of some stuff that my nurse used to put on my hair when i was small.
but i certainly have been no whit offended by cider, either in divers english shires, including very specially those which burton does not include, devon, dorset, and somerset, or in normandy.
the guipuzcoan variety i have, unfortunately, had no opportunity of tasting.
besides, perry seems to me to be an abuse of that excellent creature the pear, whereas cider-apples furnish one of the most cogent arguments to prove that providence had the production of alcoholic liquors directly in its eye.
they are good for nothing else whatever, and they are excellent good for that.
i think i like the weak ciders, such as those of the west and the normandy, better than the stronger ones,[j] and draught cider much better than bottled.
that of norfolk, which has been much commended of late, i have never tasted; but i have had both western and west-midland cider in my cellar, often in bottle and once or twice in cask.
it is a pity that the liquor--extremely agreeable to the taste, one of the most thirst-quenching to be anywhere found, of no overpowering alcoholic strength as a rule, and almost sovereign for gout--is not to be drunk without caution, and sometimes has to be given up altogether from other medical aspects.
if there be any such, let him not wait longer than to-morrow before establishing knowledge.
as for the pure juice of the apple, four gallons a day per man used to be the harvest allowance in somerset when i was a boy.
it is refreshing only to think of it now.
of mead or metheglin, the third indigenous liquor of southern britain, i know little.
indeed, i should have known nothing at all of it had it not been that the parish-clerk and sexton of the cambridgeshire village where i lived, and the caretaker of a vinery which i rented, was a bee-keeper and mead-maker.
it was like a sweet weak beer, with, of course, the special honey flavor.
but i should imagine that it was susceptible of a great many different modes of preparation, and it is obvious, considering what it is made of, that it could be brewed of almost any strength.
old literary notices generally speak of it as strong.
it is interesting to note carefully mr. russell's views in this fine essay in connection with the fact that he was imprisoned by the british government as a pacifist during the war.
much of mr. russell's writing, in mathematical and philosophical fields, is above the head of the desultory reader; but so stimulating a paper as this one should not be neglected by the moderately inquisitive amateur.
would it not be more amusing to obtain undeserved praise, to be worshiped by beings whom he tortured?
he smiled inwardly, and resolved that the great drama should be performed.
at length it began to take shape, the central mass threw off planets, the planets cooled, boiling seas and burning mountains heaved and tossed, from black masses of cloud hot sheets of rain deluged the barely solid crust.
and now the first germ of life grew in the depths of the ocean, and developed rapidly in the fructifying warmth into vast forest trees, huge ferns springing from the damp mould, sea monsters breeding, fighting, devouring, and passing away.
and from the monsters, as the play unfolded itself, man was born, with the power of thought, the knowledge of good and evil, and the cruel thirst for worship.
and man saw that all is passing in this mad, monstrous world, that all is struggling to snatch, at any cost, a few brief moments of life before death's inexorable decree.
and man said: 'there is a hidden purpose, could we but fathom it, and the purpose is good; for we must reverence something, and in the visible world there is nothing worthy of reverence.'
and man stood aside from the struggle, resolving that god intended harmony to come out of chaos by human efforts.
and when he followed the instincts which god had transmitted to him from his ancestry of beasts of prey, he called it sin, and asked god to forgive him.
but he doubted whether he could be justly forgiven, until he invented a divine plan by which god's wrath was to have been appeased.
and seeing the present was bad, he made it yet worse, that thereby the future might be better.
and he gave god thanks for the strength that enabled him to forgo even the joys that were possible.
and god smiled; and when he saw that man had become perfect in renunciation and worship, he sent another sun through the sky, which crashed into man's sun; and all returned again to nebula.
such, in outline, but even more purposeless, more void of meaning, is the world which science presents for our belief.
amid such a world, if anywhere, our ideals henceforward must find a home.
that man is the product of causes which had no prevision of the end they were achieving; that his origin, his growth, his hopes and fears, his loves and his beliefs, are but the outcome of accidental collocations of atoms; that no fire, no heroism, no intensity of thought and feeling, can preserve an individual life beyond the grave; that all the labors of the ages, all the devotion, all the inspiration, all the noonday brightness of human genius, are destined to extinction in the vast death of the solar system, and that the whole temple of man's achievement must inevitably be buried beneath the debris of a universe in ruins--all these things, if not quite beyond dispute, are yet so nearly certain, that no philosophy which rejects them can hope to stand.
only within the scaffolding of these truths, only on the firm foundation of unyielding despair, can the soul's habitation henceforth be safely built.
how, in such an alien and inhuman world, can so powerless a creature as man preserve his aspirations untarnished?
a strange mystery it is that nature, omnipotent but blind, in the revolutions of her secular hurryings through the abysses of space, has brought forth at last a child, subject still to her power, but gifted with sight, with knowledge of good and evil, with the capacity of judging all the works of his unthinking mother.
in spite of death, the mark and seal of the parental control, man is yet free, during his brief years, to examine, to criticize, to know, and in imagination to create.
to him alone, in the world with which he is acquainted, this freedom belongs; and in this lies his superiority to the resistless forces that control his outward life.
the savage, like ourselves, feels the oppression of his impotence before the powers of nature; but having in himself nothing that he respects more than power, he is willing to prostrate himself before his gods, without inquiring whether they are worthy of his worship.
pathetic and very terrible is the long history of cruelty and torture, of degradation and human sacrifice, endured in the hope of placating the jealous gods: surely, the trembling believer thinks, when what is most precious has been freely given, their lust for blood must be appeased, and more will not be required.
the religion of moloch--as such creeds may be generically called--is in essence the cringing submission of the slave, who dare not, even in his heart, allow the thought that his master deserves no adulation.
since the independence of ideals is not yet acknowledged, power may be freely worshiped, and receive an unlimited respect, despite its wanton infliction of pain.
but gradually, as morality grows bolder, the claim of the ideal world begins to be felt; and worship, if it is not to cease, must be given to gods of another kind than those created by the savage.
some, though they feel the demands of the ideal, will still consciously reject them, still urging that naked power is worthy of worship.
such is the attitude inculcated in god's answer to job out of the whirlwind: the divine power and knowledge are paraded, but of the divine goodness there is no hint.
such also is the attitude of those who, in our own day, base their morality upon the struggle for survival, maintaining that the survivors are necessarily the fittest.
but others, not content with an answer so repugnant to the moral sense, will adopt the position which we have become accustomed to regard as specially religious, maintaining that, in some hidden manner, the world of fact is really harmonious with the world of ideals.
thus man creates god, all-powerful and all-good, the mystic unity of what is and what should be.
but the world of fact, after all, is not good; and, in submitting our judgment to it, there is an element of slavishness from which our thoughts must be purged.
for in all things it is well to exalt the dignity of man, by freeing him as far as possible from the tyranny of non-human power.
when we have realized that power is largely bad, that man, with his knowledge of good and evil, is but a helpless atom in a world which has no such knowledge, the choice is again presented to us: shall we worship force, or shall we worship goodness?
shall our god exist and be evil, or shall he be recognized as the creation of our own conscience?
the answer to this question is very momentous, and affects profoundly our whole morality.
the worship of force, to which carlyle and nietzsche and the creed of militarism have accustomed us, is the result of failure to maintain our own ideals against a hostile universe: it is itself a prostrate submission to evil, a sacrifice of our best to moloch.
let us admit that, in the world we know there are many things that would be better otherwise, and that the ideals to which we do and must adhere are not realized in the realm of matter.
let us preserve our respect for truth, for beauty, for the ideal of perfection which life does not permit us to attain, though none of these things meet with the approval of the unconscious universe.
if power is bad, as it seems to be, let us reject it from our hearts.
in this lies man's true freedom: in determination to worship only the god created by our own love of the good, to respect only the heaven which inspires the insight of our best moments.
in action, in desire, we must submit perpetually to the tyranny of outside forces; but in thought, in aspiration, we are free, free from our fellow-men, free from the petty planet on which our bodies impotently crawl, free even, while we live, from the tyranny of death.
let us learn, then, that energy of faith which enables us to live constantly in the vision of the good; and let us descend, in action, into the world of fact, with that vision always before us.
when first the opposition of fact and ideal grows fully visible, a spirit of fiery revolt, of fierce hatred of the gods, seems necessary to the assertion of freedom.
to defy with promethean constancy a hostile universe, to keep its evil always in view, always actively hated, to refuse no pain that the malice of power can invent, appears to be the duty of all who will not bow before the inevitable.
but indignation is still a bondage, for it compels our thoughts to be occupied with an evil world; and in the fierceness of desire from which rebellion springs there is a kind of self-assertion which it is necessary for the wise to overcome.
indignation is a submission of our thoughts, but not of our desires; the stoic freedom in which wisdom consists is found in the submission of our desires, but not of our thoughts.
from the submission of our desires springs the virtue of resignation; from the freedom of our thoughts springs the whole world of art and philosophy, and the vision of beauty by which, at last, we half reconquer the reluctant world.
but the vision of beauty is possible only to unfettered contemplation, to thoughts not weighted by the load of eager wishes; and thus freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time.
although the necessity of renunciation is evidence of the existence of evil, yet christianity, in preaching it, has shown a wisdom exceeding that of the promethean philosophy of rebellion.
it must be admitted that, of the things we desire, some, though they prove impossible, are yet real goods; others, however, as ardently longed for, do not form part of a fully purified ideal.
the belief that what must be renounced is bad, though sometimes false, is far less often false than untamed passion supposes; and the creed of religion, by providing a reason for proving that it is never false, has been the means of purifying our hopes by the discovery of many austere truths.
but there is in resignation a further good element: even real goods, when they are unattainable, ought not to be fretfully desired.
to every man comes, sooner or later, the great renunciation.
for the young, there is nothing unattainable; a good thing desired with the whole force of a passionate will, and yet impossible, is to them not credible.
yet, by death, by illness, by poverty, or by the voice of duty, we must learn, each one of us, that the world was not made for us, and that, however beautiful may be the things we crave for, fate may nevertheless forbid them.
it is the part of courage, when misfortune comes, to bear without repining the ruin of our hopes, to turn away our thoughts from vain regrets.
this degree of submission to power is not only just and right: it is the very gate of wisdom.
but passive renunciation is not the whole wisdom; for not by renunciation alone can we build a temple for the worship of our own ideals.
haunting foreshadowings of the temple appear in the realm of imagination, in music, in architecture, in the untroubled kingdom of reason, and in the golden sunset magic of lyrics, where beauty shines and glows, remote from the touch of sorrow, remote from the fear of change, remote from the failures and disenchantments of the world of fact.
in the contemplation of these things the vision of heaven will shape itself in our hearts, giving at once a touchstone to judge the world about us, and an inspiration by which to fashion to our needs whatever is not incapable of serving as a stone in the sacred temple.
except for those rare spirits that are born without sin, there is a cavern of darkness to be traversed before that temple can be entered.
the gate of the cavern is despair, and its floor is paved with the gravestones of abandoned hopes.
there self must die; there the eagerness, the greed of untamed desire must be slain, for only so can the soul be freed from the empire of fate.
but out of the cavern the gate of renunciation leads again to the daylight of wisdom, by whose radiance a new insight, a new joy, a new tenderness, shine forth to gladden the pilgrim's heart.
when, without the bitterness of impotent rebellion, we have learnt both to resign ourselves to the outward rule of fate and to recognize that the non-human world is unworthy of our worship, it becomes possible at last so to transform and refashion the unconscious universe, so to transmute it in the crucible of imagination, that a new image of shining gold replaces the old idol of clay.
in all the multiform facts of the world--in the visual shapes of trees and mountains and clouds, in the events of the life of man, even in the very omnipotence of death--the insight of creative idealism can find the reflection of a beauty which its own thoughts first made.
in this way mind asserts its subtle mastery over the thoughtless forces of nature.
the more evil the material with which it deals, the more thwarting to untrained desire, the greater is its achievement in inducing the reluctant rock to yield up its hidden treasures, the prouder its victory in compelling the opposing forces to swell the pageant of its triumph.
of all the arts, tragedy is the proudest, the most triumphant; for it builds its shining citadel in the very center of the enemy's country, on the very summit of his highest mountain; from its impregnable watch-towers, his camps and arsenals, his columns and forts, are all revealed; within its walls the free life continues, while the legions of death and pain and despair, and all the servile captains of tyrant fate, afford the burghers of that dauntless city new spectacles of beauty.
happy those sacred ramparts, thrice happy the dwellers on that all-seeing eminence.
honor to those brave warriors who, through countless ages of warfare, have preserved for us the priceless heritage of liberty, and have kept undefiled by sacrilegious invaders the home of the unsubdued.
but the beauty of tragedy does but make visible a quality which, in more or less obvious shapes, is present always and everywhere in life.
in the spectacle of death, in the endurance of intolerable pain, and in the irrevocableness of a vanished past, there is a sacredness, an overpowering awe, a feeling of the vastness, the depth, the inexhaustible mystery of existence, in which, as by some strange marriage of pain, the sufferer is bound to the world by bonds of sorrow.
in these moments of insight, we lose all eagerness of temporary desire, all struggling and striving for petty ends, all care for the little trivial things that, to a superficial view, make up the common life of day by day; we see, surrounding the narrow raft illumined by the flickering light of human comradeship, the dark ocean on whose rolling waves we toss for a brief hour; from the great night without, a chill blast breaks in upon our refuge; all the loneliness of humanity amid hostile forces is concentrated upon the individual soul, which must struggle alone, with what of courage it can command, against the whole weight of a universe that cares nothing for its hopes and fears.
victory, in this struggle with the powers of darkness, is the true baptism into the glorious company of heroes, the true initiation into the overmastering beauty of human existence.
from that awful encounter of the soul with the outer world, renunciation, wisdom, and charity are born; and with their birth a new life begins.
to take into the inmost shrine of the soul the irresistible forces whose puppets we seem to be--death and change, the irrevocableness of the past, and the powerlessness of man before the blind hurry of the universe from vanity to vanity--to feel these things and know them is to conquer them.
this is the reason why the past has such magical power.
the beauty of its motionless and silent pictures is like the enchanted purity of late autumn, when the leaves, though one breath would make them fall, still glow against the sky in golden glory.
the past does not change or strive; like duncan, after life's fitful fever it sleeps well; what was eager and grasping, what was petty and transitory, has faded away, the things that were beautiful and eternal shine out of it like stars in the night.
its beauty, to a soul not worthy of it, is unendurable; but to a soul which has conquered fate it is the key of religion.
the life of man, viewed outwardly, is but a small thing in comparison with the forces of nature.
the slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.
but, great as they are, to think of them greatly, to feel their passionless splendor, is greater still.
and such thought makes us free men; we no longer bow before the inevitable in oriental subjection, but we absorb it, and make it a part of ourselves.
to abandon the struggle for private happiness, to expel all eagerness of temporary desire, to burn with passion for eternal things--this is emancipation, and this is the free man's worship.
and this liberation is effected by a contemplation of fate; for fate itself is subdued by the mind which leaves nothing to be purged by the purifying fire of time.
united with his fellow-men by the strongest of all ties, the tie of a common doom, the free man finds that a new vision is with him always, shedding over every daily task the light of love.
the life of man is a long march through the night, surrounded by invisible foes, tortured by weariness and pain, towards a goal that few can hope to reach, and where none may tarry long.
one by one, as they march, our comrades vanish from our sight, seized by the silent orders of omnipotent death.
very brief is the time in which we can help them, in which their happiness or misery is decided.
be it ours to shed sunshine on their path, to lighten their sorrows by the balm of sympathy, to give them the pure joy of a never-tiring affection, to strengthen failing courage, to instil faith in hours of despair.
let us not weigh in grudging scales their merits and demerits, but let us think only of their need--of the sorrows, the difficulties, perhaps the blindnesses, that make the misery of their lives; let us remember that they are fellow-sufferers in the same darkness, actors in the same tragedy with ourselves.
and so, when their day is over, when their good and their evil have become eternal by the immortality of the past, be it ours to feel that, where they suffered, where they failed, no deed of ours was the cause; but wherever a spark of the divine fire kindled in their hearts, we were ready with encouragement, with sympathy, with brave words in which high courage glowed.
brief and powerless is man's life; on him and all his race the slow, sure doom falls pitiless and dark.
blind to good and evil, reckless of destruction, omnipotent matter rolls on its relentless way; for man, condemned to-day to lose his dearest, to-morrow himself to pass through the gate of darkness, it remains only to cherish, ere yet the blow falls, the lofty thoughts that ennoble his little day; disdaining the coward terrors of the slave of fate, to worship at the shrine that his own hands have built; undismayed by the empire of chance, to preserve a mind free from the wanton tyranny that rules his outward life; proudly defiant of the irresistible forces that tolerate, for a moment, his knowledge and his condemnation, to sustain alone, a weary but unyielding atlas, the world that his own ideals have fashioned despite the trampling march of unconscious power.
it is mercilessly and gloriously humorous.
those who can always follow the wit and irony that guedalla knows how to conceal in a cunningly turned phrase, will find the book a prodigious delight.
he has an unerring eye for the absurd; his paradoxes, when pondered, have a way of proving excellent truth.
(truth is sometimes like the furniture in through the looking glass, which could only be reached by resolutely walking away from it.)
ten years ago mr. guedalla was considered the most continuously and insolently brilliant undergraduate of the oxford of that day.
the saying is full of the mellow wisdom of either writer, and stamped with the peculiar veracity of the silver age of roman or british epigram.
one might have added, if the aphorist had stayed for an answer, that history is rather interesting when it repeats itself: historians are not.
in france, which is an enlightened country enjoying the benefits of the revolution and a public examination in rhetoric, historians are expected to write in a single and classical style of french.
but in england, which is a free country, the restrictions natural to ignorant (and immoral) foreigners are put off by the rough island race, and history is written in a dialect which is not curable by education, and cannot (it would seem) be prevented by injunction.
historians' english is not a style; it is an industrial disease.
the thing is probably scheduled in the workmen's compensation act, and the publisher may be required upon notice of the attack to make a suitable payment to the writer's dependants.
the workers in this dangerous trade are required to adopt (like mahomet's coffin) a detached standpoint--that is, to write as if they took no interest in the subject.
since it is not considered good form for a graduate of less than sixty years' standing to write upon any period that is either familiar or interesting, this feeling is easily acquired, and the resulting narrations present the dreary impartiality of the recording angel without that completeness which is the sole attraction of his style.
having purged his mind of all unsteadying interest in the subject, the young historian should adopt a moral code of more than malthusian severity, which may be learned from any american writer of the last century upon the renaissance or the decadence of spain.
this manner, which is especially necessary in passages dealing with character, will lend to his work the grave dignity that is requisite for translation into latin prose, that supreme test of an historian's style.
it will be his misfortune to meet upon the byways of history the oddest and most abnormal persons, and he should keep by him (unless he wishes to forfeit his fellowship) some convenient formula by which he may indicate at once the enormity of the subject and the disapproval of the writer.
the writings of lord macaulay will furnish him at need with the necessary facility in lightning characterization.
it may be objected that although it is sufficient for the purposes of contemporary caricature to represent mr. gladstone as a collar or mr. chamberlain as an eye-glass, it is an inadequate record for posterity.
but it is impossible for a busy man to write history without formul, and after all sheep are sheep and goats are goats.
it is a passage which has served as a lasting model for the historian's treatment of character.
i had always imagined that clich was a suburb of paris, until i discovered it to be a street in oxford.
long nights of drink and dicing weakened a constitution that was already undermined, and the council-table, where once campo santa had presided, was disfigured with the despicable apparatus of bagatelle.
the burghers of the capital were horrified by the wild laughter of his madcap courtiers, and when it was reported in london that ladislas had played at halma the court of st. james's received his envoy in the deepest of ceremonial mourning.
a less exciting branch of the historian's work is the reproduction of contemporary sayings and speeches.
thus, an obituary should always close on a note of regretful quotation: he lived in affluence and died in great pain.
but for the longer efforts of sustained eloquence greater art is required.
was it for nothing that they had dyed with their loyal blood the soil of a hundred battlefields?
the past was dead, the future was yet to come.
that is the kind of passage that used to send the blood of dr. bradley coursing more quickly through his veins.
the march of its eloquence, the solemnity of its sentiment, and the rich balance of its pronouns unite to make it a model for all historians: it can be adapted for any period.
it is not possible in a short review to include the special branches of the subject.
a special subject is constituted by the early conquests of southern and central america; in these there is a uniform opening for all passages running: it was now the middle of october, and the season was drawing to an end.
soon the mountains would be whitened with the snows of winter and every rivulet swollen to a roaring torrent.
cortez, whose determination only increased with misfortune, decided to delay his march until the inclemency of the season abated....
it was now the middle of november, and the season was drawing to an end....
there is, finally, the method of military history.
the finest exponent of the patriotic style is undoubtedly the rev.
w. h. fitchett, a distinguished colonial clergyman and historian of the napoleonic wars.
his night-attacks are more nocturnal, and his scaling parties are more heroically scaligerous than those of any other writer.
his drummer-boys are the most moving in my limited circle of drummer-boys.
at once the whole plain was alive with the hum of the great assault.
the four columns speedily got into position with flares and bugles at the head of each.
one made straight for the watergate, a second for the bailey-guard, a third for the porter-house, and the last (led by the saintly smeathe) for the tube station.
our gallant drummer-boys laid to again, but suddenly a shot rang out from the silent ramparts.
its histories show no particular characteristic, but its appearance in fiction deserves special attention.
it contained besides a quantity of underfed poultry one white church, one white mairie, and nine white houses.
an old man with a white beard came towards me up the long white road.
you were alone when the spiked helmets marched in.
he saw the little mimi and drove his coarse suabian hand upward through his mecklenburger mustache.
in the first of the three cafs i saw a second old man.
at the other two cafs two further old men attempted me with the story; i told the last that he was rescued by zouaves, and walked happily to the station, to read about vichy clestins until the train came in from the south.
the russo-japanese war is a more original subject and derives its particular flavor from the airy grace with which sir ian hamilton has described it.
---- is a charming fellow with the face of a baluchi kashgai and a voice like a circular saw.
the shrapnel-bursts look like a plantation of powder-puffs suspended in the sky.
victor says there is a battle going on: capital chap victor.
substitute the tenth army for the traffordshire's baggage wagon, swell honks spruit into the roaring wang-ho, elevate oom kop into the frowning scarp of pyjiyama, and you have it.
the staff were obviously gratified when i told them about donkelsdorp.
the rooskis came over the crest-line in a huddle of massed battalions, and gazeka was after them like a rat after a terrier.
i knew that his horse-guns had no horses (a rule of the japanese service to discourage unnecessary changing of ground), but his men bit the trails and dragged them up by their teeth.
slowly the muscovites peeled off the steaming mountain and took the funicular down the other side.
i wonder what my friend smuts would make of the yen-tai coal mine?
but the military manner was revolutionized by the war.
mr. belloc created a new land and a new water.
mr. belloc has woven baedeker and geometry into a new style: it is the last cry of historians' english, because one was invented by a german and the other by a greek.
former students of his at amherst have told me of the lasting stimulus his teaching has given them: that he can beautifully practise what he preaches of the art of writing, this essay shows.
from a magazine with a rather cynical cover i learned very recently that for pond skating the proper costume is brown homespun with a fur collar on the jacket, whereas for private rinks one wears a gray herringbone suit and taupe-colored alpine.
oh, barren years that i have been a skater, and no one told me of this!
i was patiently trying to acquire a counter turn under the idle gaze of a hockey player who had no better business till the others arrived than to watch my efforts.
he looked bored, and i remembered that the pictures in the magazine showed the wearers of the careful costumes for rink and pond skating as having rather blank eyes that looked illimitably bored.
i don't wonder that those who play it look bored.
even alexander, who played a more imaginative game than hockey, was bored--poor fellow, he should have taken up fancy skating in his youth; i never heard of a human being who pretended to a complete conquest of it.
the hollow among the hills will always have a bit of mist about it, let the sky be clear as it may.
the moonlight, which seems so lucid and brilliant when you look up, is all pearl and smoke round the pond and the hills.
the shore that was like iron under your heel as you came down to the ice is vague, when you look back at it from the center of the pond, as the memory of a dream.
the motion is like flying in a dream; you float free and the world floats under you; your velocity is without effort and without accomplishment, for, speed as you may, you leave nothing behind and approach nothing.
the mist, palely opalescent, drives past her out of nothing into nowhere.
like yourself, she is the center of a circle of vague limit and vaguer content, where passes a swift, ceaseless stream of impression through a faintly luminous halo of consciousness.
if by moonlight the mist plays upon the emotions like faint, bewitching music, in sunlight it is scarcely less.
more often than not when i go for my skating to our cosy little river, a winding mile from the mill-dam to the railroad trestle, the hills are clothed in silver mist which frames them in vignettes with blurred edges.
the tone is that of japanese paintings on white silk, their color showing soft and dull through the frost-powder with which the air is filled.
at the mill-dam the hockey players furiously rage together, but i heed them not, and in a moment am beyond the first bend, where their clamor comes softened on the air like that of a distant convention of politic crows.
the silver powder has fallen on the ice, just enough to cover earlier tracings and leave me a fresh plate to etch with grapevines and arabesques.
the stream winds ahead like an unbroken road, striped across with soft-edged shadows of violet, indigo, and lavender.
on one side it is bordered with leaning birch, oak, maple, hickory, and occasional groups of hemlocks under which the very air seems tinged with green.
on the other, rounded masses of scrub oak and alder roll back from the edge of the ice like clouds of reddish smoke.
the river narrows and turns, then spreads into a swamp, where i weave my curves round the straw-colored tussocks.
here, new as the snow is, there are earlier tracks than mine.
a crow has traced his parallel hieroglyph, alternate footprints with long dashes where he trailed his middle toe as he lifted his foot and his spur as he brought it down.
under a low shrub that has hospitably scattered its seed is a dainty, close-wrought embroidery of tiny bird feet in irregular curves woven into a circular pattern.
a silent glide towards the bank, where among bare twigs little forms flit and swing with low conversational notes, brings me in company with a working crew of pine siskins, methodically rifling seed cones of birch and alder, chattering sotto voce the while.
under a leaning hemlock the writing on the snow tells of a squirrel that dropped from the lowest branch, hopped aimlessly about for a few yards, then went up the bank.
farther on, where the river narrows again, a flutter-headed rabbit crossing at top speed has made a line seemingly as free from frivolous indirection as if it had been defined by all the ponderosities of mathematics.
there is no pursuing track; was it his own shadow he fled, or the shadow of hawk?
the mist now lies along the base of the hills, leaving the upper ridges almost imperceptibly veiled and the rounded tops faintly softened.
the snowy slopes are etched with brush and trees so fine and soft that they remind me of drer's engravings, the fur of saint jerome's lion, the cock's feathers in the coat of arms with the skull.
from behind the veil of the southernmost hill comes a faint note as from undiscoverable lips that blow an immaterial horn.
it is the first far premonition of the noon train; i pause and watch long for the next sign.
at last i hear its throbbing, which ceases as it pauses at the flag station under the hill.
there the invisible locomotive shoots a column of silver vapor above the surface of the mist, breaking in rounded clouds at the top, looking like nothing so much as the photograph of the explosion of a submarine mine, a titanic outburst of force in static pose, a geyser of atomized water standing like a frosted elm tree.
then quick puffs of dusky smoke, the volley of which does not reach my ear till the train has stuck its black head out of fairyland and become a prosaic reminder of dinner.
high on its narrow trestle it leaps across my little river and disappears between the sandbanks.
far behind it the mist is again spreading into its even layers.
silence is renewed, and i can hear the musical creaking of four starlings in an apple tree as they eviscerate a few rotten apples on the upper branches.
i turn and spin down the curves and reaches of the river without delaying for embroideries or arabesques.
at the mill-dam the hockey game still rages; the players take no heed of the noon train.
let zal and rustum bluster as they will, or hatim call to supper.... their minds and eyes are intent on a battered disk of hard rubber.
i begin to think i have misjudged them when i consider what effort of imagination must be involved in the concentration of the faculties on such an object, transcending the call of hunger and the lure of beauty.
i cannot attain it; i can but wonder what the hockey players win one-half so precious as the stuff they miss.
i say suicide advisedly, for mr. smith's irony is glitteringly edged.
its incision is so keen that the reader is often unaware the razor edge has turned against himself until he perceives the wound to be fatal.
pearsall smith was, in a way, one of the men of the nineties.
but he had repressions--(an excellent thing to have, brothers.
most of the great literature is founded on judicious repressions).
he came of an excellent old intellectual quaker family down in the philadelphia region.
his father (if we remember rightly) was one of walt whitman's staunchest friends in the camden days.
like a strong silent man he held in that wellspring of champagne and mercury until many many years later.
as a boy he lived in philadelphia and germantown (do you know germantown?
ever since then, eheu, he has lived in england.
in the bright center and sunlight i leap, i caper, i dance my dance; but when i look up, i see they are not deceived.
for nothing ever placates them, nothing ever moves to a look of approval that ring of bleak, old, contemptuous faces.
but soon the western sky broke open; the illumination of the stars poured down from behind the dispersing clouds.
i was astonished at their brightness, to see how they filled the night with their soft lustre.
so i went my way accompanied by them; arcturus followed me, and becoming entangled in a leafy tree, shone by glimpses, and then emerged triumphant, lord of the western sky.
moving along the road in the silence of my own footsteps, my thoughts were among the constellations.
i was one of the princes of the starry universe; in me also there was something that was not insignificant and mean and of no account.
to a waste-paper basket, to a sieve choked with sediment, or to a barrel full of floating froth and refuse?
no, what it is really most like is a spider's web, insecurely hung on leaves and twigs, quivering in every wind, and sprinkled with dewdrops and dead flies.
and at its center, pondering for ever the problem of existence, sits motionless the spider-like and uncanny soul.
sometimes it seems to me as if i were following a bird, a bright bird that sings sweetly as it floats about from one place to another.
when i find myself, however, among persons of middle age and settled principles, see them moving regularly to their offices--what keeps them going?
and i feel ashamed of myself and my bird.
there is though a philosophic doctrine--i studied it at college, and i know that many serious people believe it--which maintains that all men, in spite of appearances and pretensions, all live alike for pleasure.
this theory certainly brings portly, respected persons very near to me.
indeed, with a sense of low complicity, i have sometimes watched a bishop.
was he, too, on the hunt for pleasure, solemnly pursuing his bird?
now though i do go sometimes to the parties to which i am now and then invited, i find, as a matter of fact, that i get really much more pleasure by looking in at windows, and have a way of my own of seeing the world.
and of summer evenings, when motors hurry through the late twilight, and the great houses take on airs of inscrutable expectation, i go owling out through the dusk; and wandering toward the west, lose my way in unknown streets--an unknown city of revels.
and when a door opens and a bediamonded lady moves to her motor over carpets unrolled by powdered footmen, i can easily think her some great courtezan, or some half-believed duchess, hurrying to card-tables and lit candles and strange scenes of joy.
i like to see that there are still splendid people on this flat earth; and at dances, standing in the street with the crowd, and stirred by the music, the lights, the rushing sound of voices, i think the ladies as beautiful as stars who move up those lanes of light past our rows of vagabond faces; the young men look like lords in novels; and if (it has once or twice happened) people i know go by me, they strike me as changed and rapt beyond my sphere.
and when on hot nights windows are left open, and i can look in at dinner parties, as i peer through lace curtains and window-flowers at the silver, the women's shoulders, the shimmer of their jewels, and the divine attitudes of their heads as they lean and listen, i imagine extraordinary intrigues and unheard-of wines and passions.
we had not gathered together at that performance to abase ourselves with furious hosannas before any dark creator of an untamed universe, no deity of freaks and miracles and sinister hocus-pocus; but to pay our duty to a highly respected anglican first cause--undemonstrative, gentlemanly, and conscientious--whom, without loss of self-respect, we could decorously praise.
but there wasn't one of them for which i seemed to care a button--not wine, nor friendship, nor eating, nor making love, nor the consciousness of virtue.
was it worth while then going up in a lift into a world that had nothing less trite to offer?
then i thought of reading--the nice and subtle happiness of reading.
this was enough, this joy not dulled by age, this polite and unpunished vice, this selfish, serene, life-long intoxication.
sometimes they are views in no way remarkable--the corner of a road, a heap of stones, an old gate.
but there are many charming pictures too: as i read, between my eyes and book, the moon sheds down on harvest fields her chill of silver; i see autumnal avenues, with the leaves falling, or swept in heaps; and storms blow among my thoughts, with the rain beating for ever on the fields.
then winter's upward glare of snow appears; or the pink and delicate green of spring in the windy sunshine; or cornfields and green waters, and youths bathing in summer's golden heats.
and as i walk about, certain places haunt me; a cathedral rises above a dark blue foreign town, the color of ivory in the sunset light; now i find myself in a french garden, full of lilacs and bees, and shut-in sunshine, with the mediterranean lounging and washing outside its walls; now in a little college library, with busts, and the green reflected light of oxford lawns--and again i hear the bells, reminding me of the familiar oxford hours.
the thrush sings in it, and blackbirds, who fill the late, decorative sunshine with a shimmer of golden sound.
there the nightingale finds her green cloister; and on those branches sometimes, like a great fruit, hangs the lemon-colored moon.
in the glare of august, when all the world is faint with heat, there is always a breeze in those cool recesses, always a noise, like the noise of water, among its lightly-hung leaves.
but the owner of this tree lives in london, reading books.
its point of view is deftly sharpened, its manner is urbane and charming, without posture or allegorical pseudo-romantics.
from this book i have taken the two closing sections, which form a beautiful and significant whole.
guy holt (to whom much of cabell's appreciation is due), began their work, did critics begin to take him at all seriously.
the cabell cult has been almost too active in zeal, but there can be no doubt of his very real and refreshing imaginative talent.
i ask of literature precisely those things of which i feel the lack in my own life.
i appeal for charity, and implore that literature afford me what i cannot come by in myself.... for i want distinction for that existence which ought to be peculiarly mine, among my innumerable fellows who swarm about earth like ants.
yet which one of us is noticeably, or can be appreciably different, in this throng of human ephemer and all their millions and inestimable millions of millions of predecessors and oncoming progeny?
there were how many dynasties of pharaohs, each one of whom was absolute lord of the known world, and is to-day forgotten?
among the countless popes who one by one were adored as the regent of heaven upon earth, how many persons can to-day distinguish?
and does not time breed emperors and czars and presidents as plentiful as blackberries, and as little thought of when their season is out?
for there is no perpetuity in human endeavor: we strut upon a quicksand: and all that any man may do for good or ill is presently forgotten, because it does not matter.
i wail to a familiar tune, of course, in this lament for the evanescence of human grandeur and the perishable renown of kings.
and indeed to the statement that imperial csar is turned to clay and mizraim now cures wounds, and that in short queen anne is dead, we may agree lightly enough; for it is, after all, a matter of no personal concern: but how hard it is to concede that the banker and the rector and the traffic-officer, to whom we more immediately defer, and we ourselves, and the little gold heads of our children, may be of no importance, either!...
in art it may so happen that the thing which a man makes endures to be misunderstood and gabbled over: yet it is not the man himself.
so we pass as a cloud of gnats, where i want to live and be thought of, if only by myself, as a distinguishable entity.
and such distinction is impossible in the long progress of suns, whereby in thought to separate the personality of any one man from all others that have lived, becomes a task to stagger omniscience....
i want my life, the only life of which i am assured, to have symmetry or, in default of that, at least to acquire some clarity.
surely it is not asking very much to wish that my personal conduct be intelligible to me!
yet it is forbidden to know for what purpose this universe was intended, to what end it was set a-going, or why i am here, or even what i had preferably do while here.
it vaguely seems to me that i am expected to perform an allotted task, but as to what it is i have no notion.... and indeed, what have i done hitherto, in the years behind me?
there are some books to show as increment, as something which was not anywhere before i made it, and which even in bulk will replace my buried body, so that my life will be to mankind no loss materially.
but the course of my life, when i look back, is as orderless as a trickle of water that is diverted and guided by every pebble and crevice and grass-root it encounters.
i seem to have done nothing with pre-meditation, but rather, to have had things done to me.
and for all the rest of my life, as i know now, i shall have to shave every morning in order to be ready for no more than this!...
i have attempted to make the best of my material circumstances always; nor do i see to-day how any widely varying course could have been wiser or even feasible: but material things have nothing to do with that life which moves in me.
why, then, should they direct and heighten and provoke and curb every action of life?
it is against the tyranny of matter i would rebel--against life's absolute need of food, and books, and fire, and clothing, and flesh, to touch and to inhabit, lest life perish.... no, all that which i do here or refrain from doing lacks clarity, nor can i detect any symmetry anywhere, such as living would assuredly display, i think, if my progress were directed by any particular motive....
it is all a muddling through, somehow, without any recognizable goal in view, and there is no explanation of the scuffle tendered or anywhere procurable.
it merely seems that to go on living has become with me a habit.... and i want beauty in my life.
i have seen beauty in a sunset and in the spring woods and in the eyes of divers women, but now these happy accidents of light and color no longer thrill me.
and i want beauty in my life itself, rather than in such chances as befall it.
it seems to me that many actions of my life were beautiful, very long ago, when i was young in an evanished world of friendly girls, who were all more lovely than any girl is nowadays.
for women now are merely more or less good-looking, and as i know, their looks when at their best have been painstakingly enhanced and edited....
but i would like this life which moves and yearns in me, to be able itself to attain to comeliness, though but in transitory performance.
the life of a butterfly, for example, is just a graceful gesture: and yet, in that its loveliness is complete and perfectly rounded in itself, i envy this bright flicker through existence.
and the nearest i can come to my ideal is punctiliously to pay my bills, be polite to my wife, and contribute to deserving charities: and the program does not seem, somehow, quite adequate.
in short, i am enamored of that flawless beauty of which all poets have perturbedly divined the existence somewhere, and which life as men know it simply does not afford nor anywhere foresee.... and tenderness, too--but does that appear a mawkish thing to desiderate in life?
well, to my finding human beings do not like one another.
indeed, why should they, being rational creatures?
all babies have a temporary lien on tenderness, of course: and therefrom children too receive a dwindling income, although on looking back, you will recollect that your childhood was upon the whole a lonesome and much put-upon period.
but all grown persons ineffably distrust one another....
in courtship, i grant you, there is a passing aberration which often mimics tenderness, sometimes as the result of honest delusion, but more frequently as an ambuscade in the endless struggle between man and woman.
married people are not ever tender with each other, you will notice: if they are mutually civil it is much: and physical contacts apart, their relation is that of a very moderate intimacy.
my own wife, at all events, i find an unfailing mystery, a sphinx whose secrets i assume to be not worth knowing: and, as i am mildly thankful to narrate, she knows very little about me, and evinces as to my affairs no morbid interest.
that is not to assert that if i were ill she would not nurse me through any imaginable contagion, nor that if she were drowning i would not plunge in after her, whatever my delinquencies at swimming: what i mean is that, pending such high crises, we tolerate each other amicably, and never think of doing more.... and from our blood-kin we grow apart inevitably.
their lives and their interests are no longer the same as ours, and when we meet it is with conscious reservations and much manufactured talk.
besides, they know things about us which we resent.... and with the rest of my fellows, i find that convention orders all our dealings, even with children, and we do and say what seems more or less expected.
and i know that we distrust one another all the while, and instinctively conceal or misrepresent our actual thoughts and emotions when there is no very apparent need....
personally, i do not like human beings because i am not aware, upon the whole, of any generally distributed qualities which entitle them as a race to admiration and affection.
how do you know that you are not dreaming me, for instance?
in your conceded dreams, i am sure, you must invent and see and listen to persons who for the while seem quite as real to you as i do now.
and what thing is it to which i so glibly refer as i?
if you will try to form a notion of yourself, of the sort of a something that you suspect to inhabit and partially to control your flesh and blood body, you will encounter a walking bundle of superfluities: and when you mentally have put aside the extraneous things--your garments and your members and your body, and your acquired habits and your appetites and your inherited traits and your prejudices, and all other appurtenances which considered separately you recognize to be no integral part of you,--there seems to remain in those pearl-colored brain-cells, wherein is your ultimate lair, very little save a faculty for receiving sensations, of which you know the larger portion to be illusory.
and surely, to be just a very gullible consciousness provisionally existing among inexplicable mysteries, is not an enviable plight.
and yet this life--to which i cling tenaciously--comes to no more.
i believe this is the rarest quality in the world.
indeed, it probably does not exist anywhere.
a really urbane person--a mortal open-minded and affable to conviction of his own shortcomings and errors, and unguided in anything by irrational blind prejudices--could not but in a world of men and women be regarded as a monster.
we are all of us, as if by instinct, intolerant of that which is unfamiliar: we resent its impudence: and very much the same principle which prompts small boys to jeer at a straw-hat out of season induces their elders to send missionaries to the heathen.
and i, who prattle to you, very candidly confess that i have no patience with other people's ideas unless they coincide with mine: for if the fellow be demonstrably wrong i am fretted by his stupidity, and if his notion seem more nearly right than mine i am infuriated....
yet i wish i could acquire urbanity, very much as i would like to have wings.
for in default of it, i cannot even manage to be civil to that piteous thing called human nature, or to view its parasites, whether they be politicians or clergymen of popular authors, with one-half the commiseration which the shifts they are put to, quite certainly, would rouse in the urbane....
so i in point of fact desire of literature, just as you guessed, precisely those things of which i most poignantly and most constantly feel the lack in my own life.
and it is that which romance affords her postulants.
the philtres of romance are brewed to free us from this unsatisfying life that is calendared by fiscal years, and to contrive a less disastrous elusion of our own personalities than many seek dispersedly in drink and drugs and lust and fanaticism, and sometimes in death.
for, beset by his own rationality, the normal man is goaded to evade the strictures of his normal life, upon the incontestable ground that it is a stupid and unlovely routine; and to escape likewise from his own personality, which bores him quite as much as it does his associates.
so he hurtles into these very various roads from reality, precisely as a goaded sheep flees without notice of what lies ahead.... and romance tricks him, but not to his harm.
for, be it remembered that man alone of animals plays the ape to his dreams.
romance it is undoubtedly who whispers to every man that life is not a blind and aimless business, not all a hopeless waste and confusion; and that his existence is a pageant (appreciatively observed by divine spectators), and that he is strong and excellent and wise: and to romance he listens, willing and thrice willing to be cheated by the honeyed fiction.
the things of which romance assures him are very far from true: yet it is solely by believing himself a creature but little lower than the cherubim that man has by interminable small degrees become, upon the whole, distinctly superior to the chimpanzee: so that, however extravagant may seem these flattering whispers to-day, they were immeasurably more remote from veracity when men first began to listen to their sugared susurrus, and steadily the discrepancy lessens.
to-day these things seem quite as preposterous to calm consideration as did flying yesterday: and so, to the gradgrindians, romance appears to discourse foolishly, and incurs the common fate of prophets: for it is about to-morrow and about the day after to-morrow, that romance is talking, by means of parables.
and all the while man plays the ape to fairer and yet fairer dreams, and practice strengthens him at mimickry.... to what does the whole business tend?--why, how in heaven's name should i know?
we can but be content to note that all goes forward, toward something....
it may be that we are nocturnal creatures perturbed by rumors of a dawn which comes inevitably, as prologue to a day wherein we and our children have no part whatever.
it may be that when our arboreal propositus descended from his palm-tree and began to walk upright about the earth, his progeny were forthwith committed to a journey in which to-day is only a way-station.
yet i prefer to take it that we are components of an unfinished world, and that we are but as seething atoms which ferment toward its making, if merely because man as he now exists can hardly be the finished product of any creator whom one could very heartily revere.
we are being made into something quite unpredictable, i imagine: and through the purging and the smelting, we are sustained by an instinctive knowledge that we are being made into something better.
for this we know, quite incommunicably, and yet as surely as we know that we will to have it thus.
but when we note how visibly it sways all life we perceive that we are talking about god.
he has something of george gissing's taste for the actuality of city scenes and characters, with rather more pungent idiosyncrasy in his manner of self-expression.
careful observers of the art of writing will see how much shrewd skill there is in the apparently unstudied manner.
in other words, how to strip away mere literary and conscious adornment, and to get down to a translucent portraiture of life itself in its actual contour and profile.
mr. holliday has the genuine gift of the personal essay, mellow, fluent, and pleasantly eccentric.
he deprecated this; but i still think it would have been a good title, because strictly true.
men of genius, blown by the winds of chance, have been, now and then, mariners, bar-keeps, schoolmasters, soldiers, politicians, clergymen, and what not.
and from these pursuits have they sucked the essence of yarns and in the setting of these activities found a flavor to stir and to charm hearts untold.
now, it is a thousand pities that no man of genius has ever been a fish reporter.
thus has the world lost great literary treasure, as it is highly probable that there is not under the sun any prospect so filled with the scents and colors of story as that presented by the commerce in fish.
take the funny old buildings on front street, out of paintings, i declare, by howard pyle, where the large merchants in whale oil are.
do you know the oldest salt-fish house in america, down by coenties slip?
the ghost of old long john silver, i suspect, smokes an occasional pipe in that old place.
and many are the times i've seen the slim shade of young jim hawkins come running out.
take labrador cod for export to the mediterranean lands or to porto rico via new york.
take herrings brought to this port from iceland, from holland, and from scotland; mackerel from ireland, from the magdalen islands, and from cape breton; crabmeat from japan; fishballs from scandinavia; sardines from norway and from france; caviar from russia; shrimp which comes from florida, mississippi, and georgia, or salmon from alaska, and puget sound, and the columbia river.
take disasters to schooners, smacks, and trawlers.
sponges from the caribbean sea and the gulf of mexico.
and as you eat your fish from the store how little do you reck of the glamor of what you are doing!
however, as it seems to me unlikely that a man of genius will be a fish reporter shortly i will myself do the best i can to paint the tapestry of the scenes of his calling.
though, doubtless, no man living knew less about fish than i.
the news stands are each like a fair, so laden are they with magazines in bright colors.
it would seem almost as if there were a different magazine for every few hundred and seven-tenth person, as the statistics put these matters.
and yet, it seems, there is a vast, a very vast, periodical literature of which we, that is, magazine readers in general, know nothing whatever.
at the place alone where we went to press twenty-seven trade journals were printed every week, from one for butchers to one for bankers.
it comprised two departments: the fresh fish and oyster department, and myself.
reporter, editorial writer, exchange editor, make-up man, proof-reader, correspondent, advertisement solicitor, was i.
as exchange editor, did i read all the papers in the english language in eager search of fish news.
as exchange editor was it my business to peruse reports from eastport, maine, to the effect that one of the worst storms in recent years had destroyed large numbers of the sardine weirs there.
to follow fishing conditions in the north sea occasioned by the great war.
to find each week for reprint a poem appropriate in sentiment to the feeling of the paper.
finest of all, as reporter, to go where the fish reporter goes.
there the sight-seeing cars never find their way; the hurried commuter has not his path, nor knows of these things at all; and there that racy character who, voicing a multitude, declares that he would rather be a lamp post on broadway than mayor of st. louis, goes not for to see.
he threads his way amid seemingly chaotic, architectural piles of boxes, of barrels, crates, casks, kegs, and bulging bags; roundabout many great fetlocked draught horses, frequently standing or plunging upon the sidewalk, and attached to many huge trucks and wagons; and much of the time in the street he is compelled to go, finding the side walks too congested with the traffic of commerce to admit of his passing there.
you probably eat butter, and eggs, and cheese.
then you would delight in greenwich street.
the letter press, as you might say, of the fish reporter's walk is a noble pan to the earth's glorious yield for the joyous sustenance of man.
dark and dirty and thundering greenwich street is to-day's translation of the garden of eden.
here is a great house whose sole vocation is the importation of caviar for barter here.
caviar from over-seas now comes, when it comes at all, mainly by the way of archangel, recently put on the map, for most of us, by the war.
where stacks of these hides stand on their tails against the walls, and goodness knows how many big boxes are, containing, as those open show, beautifully soft, thick, cream-colored slabs, which is fish.
and where still other men, in overalls stained like a painter's palette, are knocking off the heads of casks and dipping out of brine still other kinds of fish for inspection.
advices from abroad report that german resources continue to purchase all available supplies from the norwegian fishermen.
recent shipment sold on the deck at high prices.
so, by stages, on up to turn into north moore street, looking down a narrow lane between two long bristling rows of wagons pointed out from the curbs, to the faades of the north river docks at the bottom, with the tops of the buff funnels of ocean liners, and whistleranean silhouettes of derricks, rising beyond.
and he that has official entre may learn, by mounting dusky stairs, half-ladder and half-stair, and by passing through low-ceilinged chambers freighted with many barrels, to the sanctums of the fish lords, what's doing in the foreign herring way, and get the current market quotations, at present sky-high, and hear that the american shore mackerel catch is very fine stock.
then roundabout, with a step into the broad vista of homely washington street, and a turn through franklin street, where is the man decorated by the imperial japanese government with a gold medal, if he should care to wear it, for having distinguished himself in the development of commerce in the marine products of japan, back to hudson street.
an authentic railroad is one of the spectacular features of hudson street.
here down the middle of the way are endless trains, stopping, starting, crashing, laden to their ears with freight, doubtless all to eat.
tourists should come from very far to view hudson street.
here is a spectacle as fascinating, as awe-inspiring, as extraordinary as any in the world.
from dawn until darkness falls, hour after hour, along hudson street slowly, steadily moves a mighty procession of great trucks.
one would not suppose there were so many trucks on the face of the earth.
it is a glorious sight, and any man whose soul is not dead should jump with joy to see it.
and the thunder of them altogether as they bang over the stones is like the music of the spheres.
there is on hudson street a tall handsome building where the fish reporter goes, which should be enjoyed in this way: up in the lift you go to the top, and then you walk down, smacking your lips.
for all the doors in that building are brimming with poetry.
the fish reporter crosses the street to see the head of the sardine trust, who has just thrown the market into excitement by a heavy cut in prices of last year's pack.
these mighty gentlemen live, when at business, in palatial suites of offices constructed of marble and fine woods and laid with rich rugs.
the reporter is relayed into the innermost sanctum by a succession of richly clothed attendants.
and so the fish reporter enters upon the last lap of his rounds.
through, perhaps, the narrow, crooked lane of pine street he passes, to come out at length upon a scene set for a sea tale.
here would a lad, heir to vast estates in virginia, be kidnapped and smuggled aboard to be sold a slave in africa.
all about are ancient warehouses, redolent of the thames, with steep roofs and sometimes stairs outside, and with tall shutters, a crescent-shaped hole in each.
queer old taverns, public houses, are here, too.
there is an old, old house whose business has been fish oil within the memory of men.
next, through water street, one comes in search of the last word on salt fish.
now the air is filled with gorgeous smell of roasting coffee.
tea, coffee, sugar, rice, spices, bags and bagging here have their home.
and there are haughty bonded warehouses filled with fine liquors.
from his white cabin at the top of a venerable structure comes the dean of the saltfish business.
but the dog that was written of must have been a big dog.
nibbie was just a comfortable lapful, once he had duly turned around and curled up with his nose in his tail.
this is for people who know about dogs, in particular little mongrels without pedigree or market value.
other people, no doubt, will find it disgustingly maudlin.
i would have found it so before nibbie came.
the day he came was a beautiful bright, cool one in an august.
they put him down on our corner, meaning to lose him, but he crawled under the car, and they had to prod him out and throw stones before they could drive on.
so that when i came home i found, with his mistress-elect, a sort of potbellied bundle of tarry oakum, caked with mud, panting convulsively still from fright, and showing the whites of uncommonly liquid brown eyes and a pink tongue.
there was tennis that evening and he went along--i carried him over the railroad tracks; he gave us no trouble about the balls, but lay huddled under the bench where she sat, and shivered if a man came near him.
that night he got chop bones and she got a sensible homily on the unwisdom of feeding strays, and he was left outdoors.
the second morning we thought he had gone.
the third, he was back, wagging approval of us and intent to stay, which seemed to leave no choice but to take him in.
cleaned up--scrubbed, the insoluble matted locks clipped from his coat, his trampish collar replaced with a new one bearing a license tag--he was far from being unpresentable.
once opined that for a mongrel he was a good dog, that a black cocker mother had thrown her cap over scottish mills, so to speak.
this analysis accounted for him perfectly.
always, depending on the moment's mood, he was either terrier or spaniel, the snap and scrap and perk of the one alternating with the gentle snuggling indolence of the other.
a year ago may he caught and brought me, not doing the least injury, an oriole that probably had flown against a wire and was struggling disabled in the grass.
nibbie was shabby-genteel black, sunburnt as to the mustache, grizzled as to the raggy fringe on his haunches.
he had a white stock and shirt-frill and a white fore paw.
the brown eyes full of heart were the best point.
his body coat was rough scottish worsted, the little black pate was cotton-soft like shoddy, and the big black ears were genuine spaniel silk.
as a terrier he held them up smartly and carried a plumy fishhook of a tail; as a spaniel the ears drooped and the tail swung meekly as if in apology for never having been clipped.
the other day when we had to say good-by to him each of us cut one silky tuft from an ear, very much as we had so often when he'd been among the burdocks in the field where the garden is.
burrs were by no means nibbie's only failing.
in flea time it seemed hardly possible that a dog of his size could sustain his population.
we finally found a true flea bane, but, deserted one day, he was populous again the next.
they don't relish every human; me they did; i used to storm at him for it, and he used, between spasms of scratching, to listen admiringly and wag.
we think he supposed his tormentors were winged insects, for he sought refuge in dark clothes-closets where a flying imp wouldn't logically come.
he was wilful, insisted on landing in laps when their makers wanted to read.
one of his faults must have been a neurosis really.
he led a hard life before we took him in, as witnessed the game hind leg that made him sit up side-saddle fashion, and two such scars on his back as boiling hot grease might have made.
and something especially cruel had been done to him when asleep, for if you bent over him napping or in his bed he would half rouse and growl, and sometimes snap blindly.
(we dreaded exuberant visiting children.)
two or three experiments i hate to remember now convinced me that it couldn't be whipped out of him, and once wide awake he was sure to be perplexedly apologetic.
we babied him abominably--he was, for two years, the only subject we had for such malpractice.
he had more foolish names than wogg, that dog of mrs. stevenson's, and heard more little language than stella ever did, reciprocating by kissing proffered ears in his doggy way.
once he had brightened up after his arrival, he showed himself ready to take an ell whenever we gave an inch, and he was always taking them, and never paying penalties.
i remember the summer evening we stepped outside for just an instant, and came back to find a curious groove across the butter, on the dining table, and an ever-so-innocent nibbie in a chair in the next room.
while we were at the table he was generally around it, bulldozing for tid-bits--i fear he had reason to know that this would work.
one fortnight when his missie was away he slept on his old man's bed (we had dropped titles of dignity with him by then) and he rang the welkin hourly, answering far-away dog friends, and occasionally came north to lollop my face with tender solicitude, just like the fool nurse in the story, waking the patient up to ask if he was sleeping well.
more recently, when a beruffled basket was waiting, he developed an alarming trick of stealing in there to try it, so i fitted that door with a hook, insuring a crack impervious to dogs.
and the other night i had to take the hook, now useless, off; we couldn't stand hearing it jingle.
he adopted the junior member on first sight and sniff of him, by the way; would look on beaming as proudly as if he'd hatched him.
the last of his iniquities arose from a valor that lacked its better part, an absurd mixture of falstaff and bantam rooster.
at the critical point he'd back out of a fuss with a dog of his own size.
but let a police dog, an airedale, a st. bernard, or a big ugly cur appear and nibbie was all around him, blackguarding him unendurably.
it was lucky that the big dogs in our neighborhood were patient.
and he never would learn about automobiles.
usually tried to tackle them head on, often stopped cars with merciful drivers.
when the car wouldn't stop, luck would save him by a fraction of an inch.
i couldn't spank that out of him either.
we had really been expecting what finally happened for two years.
a decent fate made it quick the other night, and clean and close at hand, in fact, on the same street corner where once a car had left the small scapegrace for us.
we tell ourselves how glad we are it happened as it did, instead of an agonal ending such as many of his people come to.
we tell ourselves we couldn't have had him for ever in any event; that some day, for the junior member's sake, we shall get another dog.
we keep telling ourselves these things, and talking with animation on other topics.
the muzzle, the leash, the drinking dish are hidden, the last muddy paw track swept up, the nose smudges washed off the favorite front window pane.
but the house is full of a little snoofing, wagging, loving ghost.
i know how the boy thoreau felt about a hereafter with dogs barred.
i want to think that somewhere, some time, i will be coming home again, and that when the door opens nibbie will be on hand to caper welcome.
there is no more substantially gifted newspaper man in his field; his beautifully spontaneous humor and drollery are counterbalanced by a fine imaginative sensitiveness and a remarkable power in the fable or allegorical essay, such as the one here reprinted.
if i may be allowed to prophesy, thus hazarding all, i will say that heywood broun is likely, in the next ten or fifteen years, to do as fine work, both imaginative and critical, as any living american of his era.
of all the pupils at the knight school gawaine le cur-hardy was among the least promising.
he was tall and sturdy, but his instructors soon discovered that he lacked spirit.
he would hide in the woods when the jousting class was called, although his companions and members of the faculty sought to appeal to his better nature by shouting to him to come out and break his neck like a man.
even when they told him that the lances were padded, the horses no more than ponies and the field unusually soft for late autumn, gawaine refused to grow enthusiastic.
the headmaster and the assistant professor of pleasaunce were discussing the case one spring afternoon and the assistant professor could see no remedy but expulsion.
he always seemed restive when the head of the school began to talk ethics and the ideals of the institution.
but as a matter of fact he won't be killed.
from that day on gawaine specialized in dragons.
his course included both theory and practice.
in the morning there were long lectures on the history, anatomy, manners and customs of dragons.
gawaine did not distinguish himself in these studies.
he had a marvelously versatile gift for forgetting things.
in the afternoon he showed to better advantage, for then he would go down to the south meadow and practise with a battle-ax.
in this exercise he was truly impressive, for he had enormous strength as well as speed and grace.
he even developed a deceptive display of ferocity.
old alumni say that it was a thrilling sight to see gawaine charging across the field toward the dummy paper dragon which had been set up for his practice.
or some other vivid bit of campus slang.
it never took him more than one stroke to behead the dummy dragon.
gradually his task was made more difficult.
paper gave way to papier-mch and finally to wood, but even the toughest of these dummy dragons had no terrors for gawaine.
one sweep of the ax always did the business.
there were those who said that when the practice was protracted until dusk and the dragons threw long, fantastic shadows across the meadow gawaine did not charge so impetuously nor shout so loudly.
it is possible there was malice in this charge.
at any rate, the headmaster decided by the end of june that it was time for the test.
only the night before a dragon had come close to the school grounds and had eaten some of the lettuce from the garden.
the faculty decided that gawaine was ready.
they gave him a diploma and a new battle-ax and the headmaster summoned him to a private conference.
the headmaster offered him a match, but he produced one of his own and began to puff away with a dexterity which quite amazed the principal.
it calls on the young and the old alike to face these facts, even though they are hard and sometimes unpleasant.
the dragon was sunning himself down in the valley.
the curate didn't have an opportunity to look at him very long because he felt it was his duty to hurry back to make a report to me.
he said the monster, or shall i say, the big lizard?--wasn't an inch over two hundred feet.
but the size has nothing at all to do with it.
you'll find the big ones even easier than the little ones.
they're far slower on their feet and less aggressive, i'm told.
why, my boy, you could walk from here to london, and nobody would so much as look at you.
gawaine seemed dangerously close to a relapse into his old habit of whimpering.
all you have to do is to repeat this magic charm once and no dragon can possibly harm a hair of your head.
he took a heavy book from the shelf behind his desk and began to run through it.
i might, for instance, give you 'to make the'--no, that might not do.
here's a splendid magic word: 'rumplesnitz.'
gawaine tried and in an hour or so he seemed to have the word well in hand.
toward morning gawaine seemed resigned to his career.
at daybreak the headmaster saw him to the edge of the forest and pointed him to the direction in which he should proceed.
about a mile away to the southwest a cloud of steam hovered over an open meadow in the woods and the headmaster assured gawaine that under the steam he would find a dragon.
no sooner had he come to the fringe of the meadow than the dragon spied him and began to charge.
it was a large dragon and yet it seemed decidedly aggressive in spite of the headmaster's statement to the contrary.
as the dragon charged it released huge clouds of hissing steam through its nostrils.
it was almost as if a gigantic teapot had gone mad.
as he said it, he swung his battle-ax and off popped the head of the dragon.
gawaine brought the ears home and a small section of the tail.
his school mates and the faculty made much of him, but the headmaster wisely kept him from being spoiled by insisting that he go on with his work.
every clear day gawaine rose at dawn and went out to kill dragons.
the headmaster kept him at home when it rained, because he said the woods were damp and unhealthy at such times and that he didn't want the boy to run needless risks.
few good days passed in which gawaine failed to get a dragon.
on one particularly fortunate day he killed three, a husband and wife and a visiting relative.
once when an excursion party from london was watching him he went into action with his right hand tied behind his back.
the dragon's head came off just as easily.
as gawaine's record of killings mounted higher the headmaster found it impossible to keep him completely in hand.
he fell into the habit of stealing out at night and engaging in long drinking bouts at the village tavern.
it was after such a debauch that he rose a little before dawn one fine august morning and started out after his fiftieth dragon.
his head was heavy and his mind sluggish.
he was heavy in other respects as well, for he had adopted the somewhat vulgar practice of wearing his medals, ribbons and all, when he went out dragon hunting.
the decorations began on his chest and ran all the way down to his abdomen.
they must have weighed at least eight pounds.
gawaine found a dragon in the same meadow where he had killed the first one.
it was a fair-sized dragon, but evidently an old one.
its face was wrinkled and gawaine thought he had never seen so hideous a countenance.
much to the lad's disgust, the monster refused to charge and gawaine was obliged to walk toward him.
the dragon regarded him hopelessly, but craftily.
even when the lad raised his battle-ax the dragon made no move.
it knew that there was no salvation in the quickest thrust of the head, for it had been informed that this hunter was protected by an enchantment.
it merely waited, hoping something would turn up.
gawaine raised the battle-ax and suddenly lowered it again.
he had grown very pale and he trembled violently.
it doesn't seem quite sporting to me, all this magic stuff, you know.
gawaine was so helpless with terror that the dragon's confidence rose immeasurably and it could not resist the temptation to show off a bit.
with the suggestion of a compromise gawaine mustered up enough courage to speak.
but the boy was too frightened to speak.
at last the dragon had to give the explanation without his cue line.
this was an old and ancient trick of the dragon's.
by means of some such quip he was accustomed to paralyze his victims with laughter and then to destroy them.
gawaine was sufficiently paralyzed as it was, but laughter had no part in his helplessness.
with the last word of the joke the dragon drew back his head and struck.
there was time only to strike and, without a word, gawaine met the onrush of the dragon with a full swing.
he put all his back and shoulders into it.
the impact was terrific and the head of the dragon flew away almost a hundred yards and landed in a thicket.
gawaine did not remain frightened very long after the death of the dragon.
he cut off the ears of the monster almost in a trance.
he was sure of that and yet there was no question that he had killed the dragon.
in fact, he had never killed one so utterly.
never before had he driven a head for anything like the same distance.
twenty-five yards was perhaps his best previous record.
all the way back to the knight school he kept rumbling about in his mind seeking an explanation for what had occurred.
he went to the headmaster immediately and after closing the door told him what had happened.
if i hadn't told you that you might have been killed the very first time.
gawaine surprised the headmaster by his attitude.
he was obviously distressed by the explanation.
the next day was clear, but gawaine did not get up at dawn.
indeed, it was almost noon when the headmaster found him cowering in bed, with the clothes pulled over his head.
the principal called the assistant professor of pleasaunce, and together they dragged the boy toward the forest.
the assistant professor of pleasaunce agreed.
they pushed the boy into a thicket above which hung a meager cloud of steam.
but gawaine did not come back that night or the next.
some weeks afterward brave spirits from the school explored the thicket, but they could find nothing to remind them of gawaine except the metal parts of his medals.
the headmaster and the assistant professor of pleasaunce agreed that it would be just as well not to tell the school how gawaine had achieved his record and still less how he came to die.
they held that it might have a bad effect on school spirit.
accordingly, gawaine has lived in the memory of the school as its greatest hero.
no visitor succeeds in leaving the building to-day without seeing a great shield which hangs on the wall of the dining hall.
in greensboro he was drug clerk; in texas he was amateur ranchman, land-office clerk, editor, and bank teller.
convicted of misuse of bank funds on insufficient evidence (which he supplemented by the insanity of flight), he passed three years and three months in the ohio state penitentiary at columbus.
release was the prelude to life in new york, to story-writing, to rapid and wide-spread fame.
the pen-name, o. henry, is almost certainly borrowed from a french chemist etienne-ossian henry, whose abridged name he fell upon in his pharmacal researches.
[c] o henry's stories have been known to coincide with earlier work in a fashion which dims the novelty of the tale without clouding the originality of the author.
[e] this visit (in the early eighties) had another relish.
the inn coffee-room had a copy of mr. freeman's book on the adjoining cathedral, and this was copiously annotated in a beautiful and scholarly hand, but in a most virulent spirit.
(in reference to the historian's macaulayesque periphrases) etc.
i have often wondered who the annotator was.
after the defeat, i thought of the stages of the decline and fall of things: and how a sad but noble ode might be written (by the right man) on the fates of greek and beer at oxford.
he would probably refer in the first strophe to the close of the eumenides; in its antistrophe to mr. swinburne's great adaptation thereof in regard to carlyle and newman; while the epode and any reduplication of the parts would be occupied by showing how the departing entities were of no equivocal magnificence like the eumenides themselves; of no flawed perfection (at least as it seemed to their poet) like the two great english writers, but wholly admirable and beneficent--too good for the generation who would banish them, and whom they banished.
i add the two last words because of a mysterious incident of my youth.
i rushed downstairs to secure this bargain, but the crier was now far off, and it was too late.
[h] by the way, are they still as good for flip at new college, oxford, as they were in the days when it numbered hardly any undergraduates except scholars, and one scholar of my acquaintance had to himself a set of three rooms and a garden?
[i] it came from alford, the chef-lieu, if it cannot be called the capital, of the tennyson country.
i have pleasant associations with the place, quite independent of the beery ones.
and it made me, partially at least, alter one of the ideas of my early criticism--that time spent on a poet's local habitations was rather wasted.
and the wave-worn horns of the echoing bank, and the silvery marish-flowers that throng the desolate creeks and pools among-- till i saw them.
[j] herefordshire and worcestershire cider can be very strong and the perry, they say, still stronger.
end of the project gutenberg ebook of modern essays, by john macy and william allen white and rupert brooke and don marquis and david w. bone and william mcfee and joyce kilmer and joseph conrad and a. p. herbert and o. w. firkins and hilaire belloc and william osler and stephen leacock and harry morgan ayres and thomas burke and a.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if an individual work is in the public domain in the united states and you are located in the united states, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to project gutenberg are removed.
of course, we hope that you will support the project gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the project gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
if you are outside the united states, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other project gutenberg-tm work.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
if an individual project gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the united states without paying any fees or charges.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the project gutenberg literary archive foundation and michael hart, the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
information about donations to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation project gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
