we all know that human life without an ambition is useless.
therefore everyone should have an ambition.
my parents were successful in life because they were ambitious.
generally, school children should have ambitions.
my ambition is to become a doctor.
i have to study hard to become a doctor.
it is necessary to enter the medical college and follow clinical medicine.
i need to be a doctor who kind to his patients.
therefore i have determined to treat the poor people without any fee.
then they will love me.
that brings satisfaction to my life.
look at a photograph of the earth taken by a satellite from space.
it will show that a large part of the earth is covered with seas.
the sea helps all forms of life on earth.
it is because the sea is the source of all the water they use.
the sea is full of many forms of life, minerals, and salts.
it provides us with many kinds of fish, lobsters, corals, prawn and sea plants.
in some countries, people distill seawater and get fresh water.
the sea is used as a road to transport goods and passengers from country to country.
a large number of ships that carry containers, cross the seas every day.
computers are referred in the press, on the radio and television.
they appear in films and books and now have invaded all walks of life.
a computer was created for computing fast-a purely mathematical function.
computer help to trace criminals are used in the airlines-the whole world of airlines functions efficiently with its help.
it deals with the science of information processing, invoicing, recording, manipulating, and retrieving information.
computers are electronic devices, all information stored as patterns of electrical pulses.
a computer has to be programmed as per the requirement either to guide a missile or to write poetry.
hence, it is essential to bring an awareness of computers among the common people.
the alarm clock wakes me up early in the morning.
i want to sleep more.
but i have to leave my bed.
then i go to the bathroom.
i brush my teeth.
i take a bath, dress up and then i eat my breakfast.
my tutor comes to teach me maths for one hour.
in the evening, i play cricket in the park with my friends.
then i study for some time.
after coming back to india he practiced as a lawyer for a few years.
then he went to south africa.
africa was ruled by the white people.
they were ill-treating the natives of the country.
gandhi did not like it.
he returned to india.
india was also ruled by the white people at that time.
he organized a campaign to get his country free from the british.
it was a movement of non-violance.
the people all over india rallied around him.
as a result, the british have to give freedom to india.
“you must be the change you wish to see in the world.”
“live as if you were to die tomorrow; learn as if you were to live forever.”
“an eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
the best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”
“the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”
“you must not lose faith in humanity.
a journey boat is always very pleasant.
it has a charm of its own.
rowing a boat provides a lot of fun.
once this summer i had opportunity to go to mauritius for about a week.
we stayed in a hotel which was within a walking distance from the sea.
on the full moon day, my father hired a boat for two hours.
the boat was quit spacious though not a very big one.
all of us-myself, my father, mother, sister and younger brother clambered in the boat.
it was dusk.
the sun had just set.
the scenery was very beautiful.
there were not many boats on the river.
i wanted to row but my father was afraid to let me do that.
the boatman came to my help.
in the end, my father agreed.
sat in the place of the boatman and had the joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
imagine my joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
imagine my joy and pride when i was able to row the boat and keep it on course.
of course, its speed was reduced.
my brother envied me.
soon the moon was shining brightly.
the tall trees silhouetted against the sky made a beautiful seens.
the lights of the nearby houses and of the bridge threw beams of silver in the river.
the sky was studded with stars.
the scenery was breath-takingly beautiful.
time flew, very soon the two hours were over.
the boatman brought us jump to the bank.
we enjoyed every single minute we spent.
it was really wonderful.
the memory still haunts me.
flood are a natural phenomenon which has resulted in various geographical features.
they benefit mankind by forming alluvial soil but they also cause tremendous havoc to human life and property.
floods are natural calamity and take place regularly in certain areas.
when they are expected, they do not cause much harm.
in endemic areas people are prepared.
they even take advantage of floods to enrich their soil, trap fish and move logs of wood.
but when they are not expected, they cause until misery.
the rush of water demolishes and carries away the houses, top-soil, men and animals.
it inundates large area under cultivation, wrecks public services and makes life miserable.
floods, however, have always brought out the best in men.
voluntary organizations arrange relief camps and provide medical facilities.
floods also bring out the worst in men to the fore.
people and politicians try to cash on the sufferings of people.
they make collections in the name of relief and misappropriate for personal benefit.
desilting of rivers in the plains will also help.
but these things can be done by government alone as these require big resources, organization and manpower.
but people can also contribute at individual level by planting trees and preventing denudation of vegetable cover.
unemployment is a great curse.
it brings to the surface the evil side of human nature.
government has to keep an eye on the unemployed and to keep their numbers down.
it has opened employment exchanges in all cities.
the unemployed are required to register with these.
whenever there is a vacancy, suitable to their qualifications, they are considered for it.
number of unemployed is rising fast.
there is always a great rush at the windows.
the clerks take their own time in verifying and registering.
restless people can be seen standing helplessly in queues for long hours.
they have to join the other queue and are again at the fag end.
quite often by the time their turn come it is time for closing.
they have to go jump to come another day.
though there are so many people yet no cheerful voices are heard.
one could hear people grumbling or cursing their fate.
despair is writ large on their faces.
have they not visited the place for months after months or even years!
the only people who make hay there, are the hawkers.
for them the long queues, the waiting people are a source of income.
they can be seen selling their eatables and tempting the hungry disgruntled people.
childhood is very impressionable age.
one incident of my childhood is indelibly printed in my mind.
i was eleven years old.
i had just joined middle school.
they treated me as an outsider.
to add insult to injury they often befooled me and made me a target of their jokes.
no wonder i got into the habit of visiting the nearby orchard for solitude and incidentally stealing fruit.
once i got into the orchard and climbed up a huge mango tree.
after eating to the fill and filling my pockets with mangoes.
i thought of getting down it was then that my eyes fell on a dog.
my blood ran cold.
i waited and waited for the dog to go but it remained there.
deciding to face the consequences of my theft.
i jumped down.
i started laughing helplessly at myself.
the owner heard me.
i was caught.
he was a kind man.
on my begging forgiveness, he let me go with just a word of advice.
can i ever forget this incident?.
a farmer’s job is to plow the fields and sow the seeds.
when the crops grow, he harvests the crop and sells them in the market.
his job requires a lot of hard work.
a farmer lives a simple life.
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
there he works for the whole day.
after the sun sets he returns home.
he grows different types of crops for us.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
during winters he grows peas, a farmer lives a simple life.
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
there he works for the whole day.
after the sun sets he returns home.
he grows different types of crops for us.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
during winters he grows peas, potatoes, wheat, etc.
he also provides us with sugarcane, cabbage, cauliflower, beans and many other vegetables and grains.
we get all our cereals and vegetables from the farmer’s field.
he provides us with the food we eat.
it is only because the farmer works so hard that we get our food so easily.
i have a little library of my own at home.
i love my books.
whenever i have a holiday, i pick up any book from the shelf and read it.
i get so engrossed in the book that i often to eat.
my mother has to yell at me to have my lunch.
i often borrow books from my friends and my school library.
books hold a great charm for me.
some of my friends to have started enjoying a reading book as much as i do.
i think teacher teach to grow interested in a subject and give basic ideas about any subject.
but it is the reading which brings perfection about the subject of concern.
i achieved a lot of knowledge by reading various books and newspapers.
as students, we must learn good manners.
we must always practice good habits because they are essential to living in society.
we should not disturb others.
we should always try to do our work without harming others in any way.
as small children, we should always obey elders and also respect each other.
we must not tease or laugh at others, especially when they have done something foolish or embarrassing.
no one world like a child who is bent on harming others.
so, by behaving well, we can win the hearts of everyone.
we should be kind to each other and speak politely.
only well-mannered people can become good citizens in the country.
our school peon’s name is jack.
he is a middle aged man.
he is very tall.
he has gray hair and thick moustache.
he wears a white uniform to school.
it is always neat and clean.
he reaches school before us to clean and arrange our classrooms.
during the day, he works very hard.
he carries books and other important papers from one class to the other.
he also takes letters from the school to other nearby offices.
when we get hurt, he takes us to the school doctor.
he looks after us and also takes care of the school garden.
he tells us stories when we do not have a class.
he stays back after the school gets over and leaves after locking up all the rooms.
he is a very nice man.
we all love him a lot.
rain is both a blessing and a curse.
sometimes we like rain but sometimes we do not like them.
last week i went to my uncle’s house in green park.
there was no wind.
it was a pleasant day.
it was not very hot.
all of a sudden, it becomes dark.
clouds appeared in the sky.
as i got on the bus, it started raining.
it was a very heavy downpour.
soon the roads were flooded.
traffic came to a standstill.
i got down from the bus.
soon i was fully drenched.
there was water everywhere.
it started entering the low lying shops.
benches and chairs began to float in the water.
the people started running to protect themselves from the rain.
the people inside the buses too got wet.
it rained continuously for two hours.
all activities came to a standstill.
the rain caused water logging everywhere.
the roads were damaged due to the heavy and continuous rain.
many people don’t know that good health brings mental alertness.
we should know how to keep fit and live longer.
by eating the right food one is able to secure good health.
to bring magic in you include carrot, onions, garlic and plenty of leafy vegetables in your diet.
it takes more than food to be healthy.
everything in life is as rhythmical, as a wave upon wave on the seashore.
to remain young in spirit, isolate yourself completely and meditate.
meditation makes you incredibly calm and you will never be touchy and irritable.
so eat carefully, take exercise for health and cultivate mental energy for a better life.
a postman is a useful public servant.
he is welcome everywhere because he brings letters from friends and relatives.
he delivers parcels and money orders, etc.
without the services of a postmen, life would be paralyzed to a great extent.
a postman can be seen here and there delivering the mail to the addresses.
he wears khaki uniform.
he can be seen riding a bicycle.
he carries the letters in his bag.
his work is full of difficulties.
he arranges the letters in order.
he goes from door to door to distribute the letter and money-orders.
he brings the good and bad news from the relatives.
a postman’s duty is to deliver the letters, parcels, money orders etc.
his duties are very hard.
he has to work under scorching sun and pouring rains.
his job is very tough.
he reaches for his duty at right time.
he is a useful member of the society.
he has to keep smiling against all odds.
we should respect him for his hard labour.
he is a link between friend and realties.
he keeps them in touch by his quick and regular service.
so are businessman benefited by him.
they reward him for his good service in festivals.
the postman’s life is very hard.
his salary is very low.
his holidays and leisure hours are very few.
the government should raise his salary and lighten his work.
the postal department should try to improve his lot.
with the coming up of courier services, e-mail system, the postmen are losing their charm.
people have started sending their mails through computers.
in the present circumstances, the future of postmen is not bright.
i get up early in the morning.
after i wake up, i wish my parents.
i then go and brush my teeth.
i have a bath and dress up for school.
i then eat breakfast with my parents.
after the breakfast, i go to the bus stop to catch my school bus.
i reach school at eight in the morning and attend my classes.
at midday, we have a recess.
i eat my snack with my friends and play games with them.
after recess i get back to my class.
i return home at two p.m. and then take my lunch.
after lunch, i take a nap and then finish my homework.
in the evening, i go to play with my friends.
i come back home and finish my lessons.
at eight o’clock we have dinner.
after dinner my father tells me stories.
i go to sleep at ten o’clock.
before going to sleep i brush my teeth and wish my parents ‘goodnight’.
this is my daily routine.
street beggars are a common sight in big cities.
clad in rags, shivering in cold they could be seen everywhere begging in the name of god.
one obvious reason for this evil is illiteracy, poverty and unemployment.
there are quite are quite a few who take to begging because of it.
but another reason is that begging has become quite a paying profession.
many evil practices have come into existence because of it.
kids are kidnaped and sold to be trained and used for begging.
at times they are brutally crippled, made lame, blind etc.
these get more alms as their miserable plight arouses people’s sympathy.
they suffer and their oppressors enjoy.
broadly speaking beggars are of two types-able bodies and disabled.
they fine begging easier and more profitable.
the disabled, some due to natural causes and others due to their mentors-have no option.
beggars are a great nuisance.
they are blot on humanity.
they even indulge in many criminal activities.
these must be apprehended and taught some craft and made to work.
the kidnappers, the sellers and the owners who make the kids beg, should be given exemplary punishments.
it is our moral duty to help to the weak, the hungry and the suffering people.
but by dispensing alms as charity, we do not help them.
we should help to educate and rehabilitate them.
each generation of men dies but its thoughts and knowledge that pass from age to age and faithfully kept.
we have today the great epics in the form of scriptures and literature.
books are cultural objects and our minds are molded by the books we read.
young minds acquire knowledge and wisdom by reading great books.
plenty of reading material of world culture should be available to all world communities.
book fairs are organized in all important countries to make the public aware of the new frontiers of knowledge.
book-fairs bring the authors and readers close to each other.
great masterpiece and rare books are sold at concessional rates.
by making it attractive, a book-fair creates an awareness in those who don’t read habitually.
parents and teachers should insist upon children to read more books.
a visit to a book-fair will give them an insight into the world of intellectual power.
to make the growing unity of world possible, development of psychological health is essential.
book-fair can contribute in bringing harmony among different cultures and encourage goodwill and tolerance.
the man who makes furniture using wood is called a carpenter.
the carpenter’s job is not easy.
but today everything is done by machines.
everyone comes to him to get something done.
today our furniture is exported to many countries in the world.
my school has a very big library.
it is on the ground floor of the school building.
it has hundreds of books.
it has books on all subjects.
it also has a number of storybooks and magazines.
inside the library, there are rows of tables and chairs.
big cabinets are kept all around the library.
books are alphabetically arranged in these cabinets.
students of all classes visit the library as per schedule.
we all have library cards which we carry to school every day.
we can borrow one book at a time from the school library.
our librarian is a very nice lady.
she has a lot of knowledge about books.
she makes sure all books are returned to the library on time.
she maintains the library very well.
many a time she helps us in locating and selecting books.
there are so many authors whom i like.
but my favorite author is sir arther conan doyle.
it was he who wrote the world famous sherlock holmes detective stories.
it protects its master’s property as its own.
there are various kinds of dogs, such as german shepherd, alsatian, and pomeranians etc.
most of these dogs are high in their pedigree.
meanwhile, the stray dogs are really troublesome for the people.
anyway, the dog is the first animal which went to space too.
the dog has a long history and it may be the long living animal on the earth.
mr. rohith sharma is my class teacher.
he is m.a.
he is very popular among students.
he teaches us english.
he is like a friend and guide to the students.
he maintains discipline in the class.
he is very polite.
he is strict with those who break discipline.
everyone in the school loves and respects him.
he does his duty honestly.
he takes pains to explain the lessons.
he gives us moral lessons.
he joins us in games.
he guides us in every possible way.
he leads a simple life.
he is a man of noble ideals.
he advises us in every moment of difficulty.
he follows the principles of truth, non-violence, and courtesy.
he is a master of his subject.
his english pronunciation is very impressive.
he teaches grammar very well.
i like it very much.
all modern means of transport have made traveling very easy.
today, we have buses, cars, railways, airplanes, ships and many other means of traveling.
travelling has great educative value.
it teaches better than books.
bookish knowledge is theoretical.
travelling makes us see things, people and places with our own eyes.
subjects like history, geography, and social sciences can be better learned through traveling.
we come in contact with other people traveling.
we come to know about their habits, customs, and traditions.
thus our outlook is widened.
educational tours arranged by schools promote interstate and international goodwill.
they strengthen the relations of friendship among various states and countries.
speech on: the educational value of travelling
it was my eighth birthday.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
the house was decorated with streamers and balloons.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
all my friends were also invited.i was very happy to see them.
they all brought gifts for me.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
we all wore nice party dresses.
my friends blew on whistles when i cut the cake.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
we then had our dinner.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
my father went to drop them back home.
it was a lovely evening.
i loved each moment of it.
thaipongal is a harvesting festival.
it is in january.
thaipongal is celebrated by the hindus.
hindus clean and decorate their houses
they make pongal rice by cooking rice with milk and jaggery on this day.
they wear new clothes too.
the second day of this festival is a special day.
on this day, they give bathto bulls and cows.
and put garlands of
beautiful flowers around their neck.
they treat them because they believe that
bulls and cows help them to get a good harvest.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
he is every inch a gentle man.
he is very helpful to all.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
he is very intelligent.
he has two pet dogs.
in spite of being rich he is not arrogant.
he speaks to every one and is generous and kind.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
his father also lives with him.
all the members of his family are good.
his father is very kind and religious.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
they are good at students too.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
they have forget a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
our school library is having books which i like very much.
i borrowed the book from the librarian on the advice of my friend.
home interesting was it!
it was a wonderful book.
the book was full of adventures.
the main character was huckleberry finn who was a poor english boy whose father was a third class drunkard.
so finn runs away from the custody of his father and meet another boy.
this boy was jim who had been running away from master.
he had been a slave boy.
the two friends go to the sea and get on to a ship.
they become friendly with the seamen and go on fishing.
they also go to various island in the sea and engage themselves in many adventures.
at last they come home.
finn finds that his father had died and hi was no more in danger.
jim also get his freedom with finn’s help.
both these books are popular even today.
so many millions of children throughout the english speaking world must have read these books.
dolphins live in oceans.
they are mammals who belong to the family of whales.
they have three fins and a beautiful tail.
they use their tail for swimming.
they have a pair of eyes and a pointed beak.
they also have teeth.
dolphins love to eat fish.
they communicate with each other with using sounds like clicks and whistles.
they live in groups called pods and are very playful by nature.
they love and protect their young ones.
they are known to be friendly and intelligent by nature.
they are also kept in water parks and tourist spots to perform tricks.
they are fast learners.
it was a beautiful place.
many people had come there for a picnic.
men, women, and children were playing there.
some were enjoying boating.
some students were busy fishing.
we took a joy ride on the camel.
we also had a dip in the cold water.
some of us swam and dived in the cold water.
my class room is in the second floor.
there are about two
class rooms in that floor.
the classrooms are large.
therefore we get fresh
there are about thirty students in my class.
separate desks and chairs for each of us.
there is a big blackboard too.
it is by the side of the
teacher’s table.
the teacher’s table stands on a platform.
half an hour.
different teachers are responsible for different subjects.
i love my classroom as well as my teachers.
he discovered the law of gravitation.
he has been thinking about the problem for years.
it was the sight of falling apple in his garden that gave him the important clue.
he found out that white light is made up of seven colours.
we see these colours in a rainbow.
newton made many other discoveries.
he was a very learned man, but he was very humble.
he is still honored for his three newtonian laws.
students have to learn them when they study mathematics in higher classes.
milk is an important part of our daily diet.
it has great nourishing value.
we should have milk every day.
milk is not only important for growing children but also for people of all age groups.
it is a rich source of calcium, protein, fat and vitamin c.
we get milk mainly from cows and buffaloes.
other animals that give us milk are sheep, goat, and camel.
we use milk in our everyday cooking.
milk is used for making tea and coffee.
we also use milk to make yogurt, cheese, cream, and chocolates.
we get milk in dehydrated powder from also.
it is very important for babies to have milk.
it makes bones so stronger and gives us energy.
it is also good for improving memory.
my father’s name is peter.
he is thirty-five years old.
he is an architect and runs his own company.
he makes sketches of big buildings.
he is a very hardworking man.
he goes to his office at eight thirty in the morning and returns home at seven in the evening.
on weekends, he takes us out for picnic and movies.
he plays different games with me and also helps me with my homework.
he is a good sportsman.
on sunday he plays tennis with his friends and also teaches me how to play the game.
he goes jogging every morning and takes me along with him on weekends.
he is very kind and honest person.
he believes in discipline.
he listens to my problems very patiently and helps me to solve them.
he helps my mother with household chores.
i love him a lot, and he is my greatest strength.
during the april holiday, our family went on a trip to hond-kong.
when we reached the airport we got on to a tour bus.
we went to the hotel and went inside our rooms rested for a while and went shopping.
the next day we went on a city tour.
we learned a lot of information.
we had lunch in an indian hotel.
after leaving our gabs in our room we went to disneyland.
i couldn’t believe the characters i saw.
i got the signature from the characters in my autograph book and also i took photographs with the characters.
i will never forget this trip in my life.
god has created men and women.
i boarded a slightly overcrowded bus.
men, women and children crowded near the conductor for tickets.
he was shouting at them particularly the weaker sections where he expected no retaliation for minor things.
suddenly he stopped issuing tickets and refuse to accept the one rupee note, as it was slightly spoiled.
to break the impasse, i exchanged the note.
the possess of issuing the tickets restarted.
suddenly he noticed a passenger smoking.
he almost pounced on that man and wanted him to throw his cigarette.
the passenger was not the one to be easily cowed down.
the argument continued.
the altercation ended only when he passenger had enjoyed the last puff.
about the same time, the bus reached my stop.
i alighted with a prayer that god may give him good sense.
lord buddha was one of the greatest religious teachers who ever lived in the world.
he was born in india.
before he became buddha, his name was siddhartha.
his parents were kind suddhodana and queen mahamaya.
king suddhodana ruled at kapila wasthupura.
a few days after price siddartha’s queen mahamaya died.
since then he was adopted by his foster – mother mahaprajapathi gothami.
prince siddhartha was the heir to the throne after kind suddhodana’s death.
therefore he was taught to become a king.
prince siddhartha led a joyful life during his young age.
prince siddhartha married a very beautiful princess named yasodara.
their only son was prince rahul
as time went on prince siddartha began to realize the suffering of human life.
he thought how to get rid of these sufferings.
he realized that birth, life, and death, bring only sorrow to mankind.
thereafter he decided to find a way to overcome the cause of suffering.
therefore on one full moon day, he abandoned his family.
he mounted on his faithful horse kanthaka and reached the bank of the river yamuna.
there he shed his royal robes, cut his hair and become a monk.
after much perseverance, he sat under a bo-tree near gaya and attained buddhahood.
since then he was also called the enlightened one.
he preached his doctrine to the people all over india.
he set up a different group of disciples called bhikkus.
then preach his doctrine to laymen.
post offices are located in every town, village, and city.
in a big town or city, there are many post offices and their branches.
but in a small village, there is one post office only.
it is a very useful department for the public.
post offices carry our messages to distant places.
the charges are not very high.
we may keep in touch with our friends and relatives through post offices.
we put our letters in the letterboxes and our letters reach our friends and relatives.
there are a number of windows in the post office.
we can send registered letters, parcels and money orders.
we can also get postcards, inland letters, and envelopes at these windows.
the post office also distributes mail.
the postmen deliver letters in the homes of the addressee or at business places.
the staff of the post office works day in and day out.
we must admire their hard work.
post offices are very useful to the citizens.
without a post office, life would become dull.
the bicycle is very useful poor man’s vehicle.
this is the only means which has access to almost all corners.
it made of steel.
it has two wheels.
it has seat and a handle.
two pedals and a bell are also part of it.
my bicycle has a carrier too.
i go to school daily by bicycle.
it has very useful for short distances.
many of my friends also come to school on their bicycles.
in short, we call it a ‘bike’.
every day in the morning i clean and oil it.
its regular care makes it move smoothly and fast.
it should be protected from water.
otherwise, rust will settle on it.
this poor man’s vehicle can carry two persons easily.
one can sit on the rod ahead of the seat and the other on the seat.
its paddles are conveniently located near the feet of the driver so one can easily paddle this vehicle.
it moves at the speed depending on the force it is paddled with.
on the other hand, cars and trucks are the main contributors on the planet of pollution.
also, their weight breaks down and ruins roads, which in turn cost more tax money.
once a road needs to be repaired, work is done that pollutes into the environment even more.
a benefit is bicycles are much lighter and allow roads to last much longer than with heavy vehicle traffic.
it is one of my most prized possessions.
my daddy presented it to me on my eight birthdays it helps me cover distances in a short time.
i love it immensely.
however, the cycle is a good source of the body.
there are various cycle sports at national and international level.
a policeman is a familiar figure.
he is found everywhere in his uniform.
he performs his duty in the city street, railway platforms, inter-state bus stands and at other places.
he carries a stick and whistle in his hand.
he is a useful servant.
he maintains order and peace.
he wants us to obey the law of the land.
maintenance of law is his duty.
it is his duty to protect the life and property of the people.
he is a terror to the bad characters.
a policeman performs very hard duty.
many people do not like a policeman because he is rough.
people do not like policemen because they think that all policemen are corrupt and dishonest.
but some policemen are very honest and polite.
the policeman uses force if there is a danger to the lives of citizens.
the policeman should be honest, polite, kind and literate to serve the people.
it is our duty to cooperate with him.
life without newspaper is difficult to imagine.
it is the first thing that we look for every morning.
it brings us news and views from all corners of the world.
any event or occurrence of importance that takes place is reported by the newspapers.
the newspapers carry information for everyone-businessman, politician, unemployed people, players and kids etc.
newspapers are important pillar in a democracy.
it keeps the government informed of people’s wishes, desires and aspiration can be expressed.
it’s popularity gives it immense power in molding public opinion.
unfortunately most newspapers have vested interests.
they are owned by capitalist and have to toe their line.
some newspapers are organs of political party.
their loyalty to the party is greater than sense of fair play.
the newspaper should also have a very strict code of ethics to which it should conscientiously adhere to.
there are few areas of the earth where no rain falls for
such areas are dry, sandy and very hot.
we call them desert.
the arabian desert and the libyan desert are famous deserts of the world.
travelling in a desert is very difficult and dangerous.
the sand there is so deep, the wheels of vehicles get sunk
the only way to travel in a desert is to ride a camel.
its flat feet do
not get sunk and, it can travel for days with no water.
the camels carry the people’s food, goods, water and other
there are springs of water in few places in a desert.
people inhabit them, grow date palms, fruit and vegetable there.
these places are called oases.
my favorite sport is basketball.
i live in melbourne, and basketball is a very popular game in australia.
basketball is played between two teams.
each team has five players.
points are scored by throwing the ball into the basket fixed at each end of the court.
at the end, the team with more points wins the game.
it can be played indoors as well as outdoors.
usually, this game requires very tall players.
players should be fit, with strong arms and legs.
i am a good basketball player and enjoy playing this game very much.
i am the captain of the basketball team at my school.
i also play the game with my friends in the neighborhood.
hard works are of great quality.
all work is noble.
work is worship.
hard work is the key to success.
we can progress by doing hard work.
those countries whose citizens are hard-working make great progress.
an idle person depends too much on chance.
he thinks that some miracle will happen and he will become rich and prosperous.
but this is not possible without hard work.
all great men of the world were very hard-working persons.
through hard work, man progresses and the country progresses.
seventy years ago, japan was a backward country.
today, japan is one of the most prosperous countries in the world.
this prosperity has been possible using hard work.
we should all, therefore, work hard to achieve success.
everyone has his likings and disliking.
i hate violence.
it does not solve any problem.
violence is an act of the beast.
it is better to use love and non-violence.
then i hate falsehood.
a man tells many lies and tries to prove that he following the path of truth.
falsehood leads to evil.
i love truth and non-falsehood.
i hate selfishness also.
selfishness also leads to evil.
it creates hatred against other people.
i hate money-mindedness also.
we should earn through our efforts.
we should not have an eye on other’s wealth.
i hate arrogance also.
i want to live a humble life.
pride hath a fall.
it also turns the man into a beast.
humility is a good habit.
i hate all these because they will make us do wrong things.
we shall follow the wrong path if we have a liking for any of these.
i want to lead a good life.
therefore, i want to follow the path of goodness and not evil.
i have many friends.
oliver is my best friend.
he is of my age.
we study in the same school and in the same class.
he is clever at studies.
he is one of the brightest students of our school.
all the members of the staff love him.
my friend is intelligent, but he is not proud.
he helps me in my studies.
he is also my neighbor.
we go to school by bus.
he helps me in grammar lessons and in return, i help him in arithmetic.
in the evening we play cricket at the school playground.
we also play chess.
it helps us to improve our mind.
oliver is a good athlete too.
he always takes part in the school athletic events.
therefore i am very proud to have a friend like oliver.
the best years of one’s life are the childhood days.
the sweet memories of this period are glorious.
they have the freshness of a dream.
a child has no responsibilities.
he is looked after by his parents.
he gets everything without doing anything.
a child enjoys perfect freedom.
he has no worries, no hardships, and no troubles.
he can say anything to anybody.
if a child does something wrong, he is generally excused.
even his meaningless chatter is a source of joy.
a child’s life is full of innocence.
he builds castles of sand and feels very happy.
he gets joy in floating paper boats.
he often quarrels with others over small things but soon forgets about it.
childhood is really the golden period of one’s life.
books are a great blessing.
they are useful to us in many ways.
they are our best friends.
when we are in trouble, books stand by us and give us the right advice.
books console us in our sorrows.
we never feel alone in the company of books.
books are written by experienced persons who are wise and who have matured minds.
they are, therefore, our best guides and philosophers, when we are in some confusion.
books give us the inspiration to do great things.
they fill our minds with noble thoughts.
they improve our minds and awaken our souls.
but bad books poison our minds.
we should, therefore, select and read good books only.
i have got a dog.
its color is white.
there are brown patches on its body.
it can smell any danger.
as soon as i return home, it wags its tail to welcome me.
if i am late to come home, it waits for me on the roadside.
it shows love and respect to the guests and welcomes visitors.
my younger brother and sister are fond of my dog.
they play with it.
it shows love to them.
it goes along with me in the morning.
it follows me to the nearby garden.
it wanders about in the plants.
my dog guards the house like a watchman.
it is a faithful companion.
it is very bold.
it takes risks to guard our house.
i am very fond of my dog.
my hobby is reading books.
whenever i get free time, i read books and i enjoy it.
there are lots of books about freedom fighters, warriors, kings, etc.
it traveled at a good speed although there was a lot of traffic on the way.
the lorries, buses, cars and other vehicles passed on the way.
soon dusk fell.
there was darkness everywhere.
there were road lights near the towns.
suddenly, the bus stopped.
it was very cold at night.
there were about fifty passengers who were traveling with us.
the driver came out of the bus.
he took the help of another bus driver.
they opened the engine and did some adjustments.
fortunately, the bus started again.
i reached jaipur one hour late.
there was no mishap on the way.
my doll is a beautiful teddy – bear.
it has golden fur on
the teddy’s body is very smooth and soft.
it has two big
ears and two beads for his eyes.
aunt rosi gave it to me as a present.
she has a small workshop where these dolls are made.
i like to keep the teddy near me when i am at home.
it sits there and looks at me with its shiny eyes.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
the farmer is the
most important person in our country.
he cultivates rice is the main food of
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
the farmer is an able person.
he works hard and loves his work.
he gets up early and goes to his field he ploughs and
plants and replant them in the field.
by doing this he expects a better
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
traveling by bus in an enjoyable experience and i prefer traveling by my car.
but not traveling by an over crowded bus.
in the process, many boots stepped on my shoes and i too trod on many boots.
twice i found myself in very uncomfortable position.
once because a co-possanger tried to relieve his sufferings by smoking.
unable to bear the smoke i moved away fast.
believe me it was not easy.
from the frying pan to the fire was never truer than in this case.
i found myself next to a stinking man.
i moved again.
fortunately my friend’s prediction came true.
a young man-knight without armour-offered me his seat near the exit.
my misery came to an end.
i resolved never again to travel by overcrowded bus if i could.
my mother’s name is anita.
she is not fair and as well as no dark.
i like her appearance very much.
so i believe and i feel that she must be the most beautiful woman in the world.
actually, she is very kind to me and rest of the family members.
she is very careful of our hygiene.
when we get ill she is unrest.
sometimes she spends nights and nights without sleeping.
she always works hard to give us a good education.
she takes us to school and brings back from the school.
my mother starts her day work early in the morning preparing our meals.
she is the busiest person in the house.
she has a lot of work to do but she never gets angry with the lord of work.
i understood it because when works she sometimes mutters a song very softly.
she always tries to keep the house neat and clean.
sometimes getting angry she shouts us when we turn the house upside down.
very soon he anger goes with the wind and sprang up to her usual kindness.
at that time i feel to embrace her.
so i feel that mother is the prettiest person ever i have had in my life.
i cannot think of a life without her.
i love her more than my life.
preparations were made many days in advance.
the school building was white was whitewashed.
then it was decorated.
the pandal was decorated.
chairs were arranged for the parents and other guests.
the chief guest arrived on time.
cadets and the scouts gave a salute to the chief guest.
some students showed gymnastic exercises.
then the cultural program started.
a drama was staged.
action songs were sung.
the principal read out the annual report.
speech on: annual day celebrations in our school
i have a pet animal.
my pet is a cat.
her name is kitty.she is big with white and brown.
she has a long tail.
she has four kittens.
they all are very cute.
all of them are white.
fish is her favorite food.
i give her milk every day.
she can climb the trees.she likes to play in my bed.
i like to play with my kitty.i love her very much.
my neighbour’s twelve year old son is a cripple.
he can’t
use his left hand, as other children do.
it is very thin and weak.
in one leg and he hobbles when he walks.
with all these physical weaknesses he
is very cruel to animals.
whenever he sees a stray dog, a cat or a bird, he
when the animals cry and flee in pain in pain, the boy
the neighbours say that this boy had killed a large number
of birds and squirrels with his deadly catapult.
i am sure this boy doesn’t like to get hit by things thrown
then why can’t he understand that animals too don’t like such hurtful treatment?
my school library is housed in a big room.
the room is well-furnished.
it is airy.
about seventy students can sit in the library.
the books are arranged in almirahs.
there are books on science, geography, history, economics, political science, sociology, and literature.
there is a large number of children’s books.
magazines and journals are kept on the tables.
the titles of the books are displayed on boards.
my school library is a quiet place.
it remains open all day.
mr. suresh ahluwalia is the librarian.
he is an intelligent person.
he keeps the books in proper order.
students can read and borrow all types of books.
he helps the students to choose good books.the library is a very useful place in the school.
the ostrich is the largest of all birds.
some of them are
nearly eight feet high.
the ostrich is so strong that they can even carry a
it has a long neck and a tiny head.
it carries its head and neck erect.
the wings of the ostrich is so small that it cannot fly as
the ostrich defends itself from enemies by kicking.
by its leg could even harm a horse or a man?
the food of the ostrich is grass
the native country of the ostrich is af-rica.
the people cannot catch them easily, because they run fast.
the feathers of the ostrich are very expensive.
therefore some people hunt them to get their feathers.
ladies in european countries use ostrich feathers for their hats.
there are eight planets in our solar system.
the sun is at the center, and the planets revolve around it.
the path of the planets is known as an orbit.
mercury is nearest to the sun.
neptune is the farthest planet.
jupiter is the biggest planet among all of them.
saturn is the only planet which has rings around it.
the galaxy in which our solar system lies is known as the milky way.
introduction – change – professional – ideas – fashions and look – parties and pastime – conclusion.
gone are the days when girls used to hide behind the four walls of a house.
they did not go to study then, and confined themselves to house duties.
at best, they were taught how to write a letter, managing household accounts and reading the scriptures.
now a great change has taken place.
girls today wish to be ultra modern, very rich and up-to-date in fashions and feasting.
there are men and men and every stone is not a gem.
no two men can be the same.
they differ in one aspect or the other.
if both are talented, they may not be equally so.
when we take up a project we need a team of workers.
but to avoid confusion, we all divide responsibilities.
otherwise there is bound to be confusion.
at one job, there should be one hand.
if the boat is rowed by more than one boatman, they should have a perfect and clear understanding.
otherwise each one will do so differently and cause a mishap.
every one’s work is no one’s responsibility.
each person does the job the way he likes.
result is nothing but a big chaos.
the pigeons in the net also left the net to be flown and carried by others.
the net came down to earth, as each pigeon left his weight to the carried by others.
to sum up, we can say that too many hands always create confusion.
in a house with too many servants or masters, there wiil be no order.
so, cooks in a kitchen, if too many, spoil the dish.
the recess period is very exciting.
the school bell goes for the lunch break.
there is a great noise in the whole building.
the children rush out of their classrooms.
they wait for this period impatiently.
most of the students take their lunch boxes and sit in the playground.
they sit in groups of three or four.
they take the playground.
they sit in groups of three or four.
they take their food and rush to the water taps.
there is a great rush at the school canteen.
some students play different games in the playground.
some students go to the library.
they read newspapers and magazines.
some students sit in their classrooms.
they complete their homework.
they do not play or buy anything from the canteen.
the teachers sit in the staff room.
some teachers take some food or tea.
they refresh themselves for the remaining periods.
when the bell goes, all the children go back to their classrooms.
i now wish only to be a great scholar.
i read book almost on all subjects.
i have never liked, the job of physician, engineering is greek to me.
business and commercial line is just the thing which i hate.
government service, according to me, is meant for the mediocre.
so, these ideas hardly leave any other opening for me.
i wish only to be a scholar and i am glad, i am trying hard for the same.
many play cricket, basketball, soccer, or tennis.
many of them watch these sport on tv, and many buy tickets to their gems and matches.
but very few play badminton.
even smaller number buys a ticket to watch a game.
badminton originated thousands of years ago in india, before many of the other sports were commercialized.
we see street hawkers every day.
street hawkers are found in every city.
a street hawker carries his things on his head.
some street hawkers carry their wares on a cycle or a hand-cart.
he goes from one street to another to sell his wares.
he shouts in the street in an interesting tone.
the customers of a street hawker are generally housewives and children.
the housewives buy vegetables and fruit from him.
the children buy ice-cream, toys, sweets, and candies.
a street hawker has no fixed price.
people bargain with him before buying things.
some street hawkers are not clean.
they do not cover their eatables from dust and flies.
we should not buy eatables from such street hawkers.
of all the recreations that men indulge in, a morning walk is the most rewarding.
the air is fresh and free of dust and smoke.
in cities like tokyo, it is only at this time that the roads are not crowded.
there is hardly any traffic.
one can enjoy the walk.
as one walks, the worries and anxieties vanish away.
the feet stride out in a joyful rhythm.
the sheer delight of movement is enough to make the day.
in the morning nature is at its best.
the dew-drops on lush green grass and leaves of plants look like pearls.
the flowers laden with dew merrily wave their heads and spread their fragrance.
so much color is splashed on all eyes and ears on such sights and sounds.
a walk in a big park or on the bank of a stream is even more refreshing.
the charm is enhanced many folds.
the morning walk invigorates body system.
it tones up the whole system.
it prepares a man for the day’s work.
last month i went with my family to attend my cousin brother’s wedding.
the venue was looking beautiful with flowers and lights everywhere.
all arrangements had been made.
all of us were very excited and came dressed in lovely clothes.
light instrumental music was being played.
my brother wore a smart suit and a tie.
he was looking very handsome.
in the wedding hall, i sat next to my mother.
after sometime the bride came.
she was looking very pretty.
her white gown made her look like an angel.
she was carrying a big bouquet of flowers in her hands.
after the wedding ceremony, the food was served.
my brother and his bride sat with us to eat.
after lunch, we bid them goodbye and returned home.
i live in a small town near longford in london.
last sunday, my father had to go to the heathrow airport to receive his uncle.
he took me along.
i had never seen an airport before, so i was very excited to go with him.
we reached there in the afternoon.
the entire place was buzzing with people.
outside the airport, there were cars and taxis.
people were rushing around with huge suitcases and bags.
everyone seemed to be in a hurry!
i could hear loud roaring sound coming from the sky.
my father explained to me that the sound was due to the landing and takeoff of the airplanes.
as we entered the airport, it seemed like a different world.
i almost screamed with excitement when my father showed me huge planes near the runway.
i wanted to sit in one of those big planes.
my father assured me that one day we will definitely fly to another city in one of those airplanes.
the place where people buy and sell various things is called
a market place.
more often a market place is found in the town.
there are many shops where shopkeepers sit inside with their
goods spread all around.
the fruit stalls are full of mangoes bananas and
in the grocery shops people can buy grains, rice lentils and spices.
in a separate section of the market place there are jewelry
they are always full of people.
there are also tailors sitting cross – legend
there are meat seller and fish mongers calling people to buy
meat and fish.
the market place is very busy in the evening.
it is crowded with
people buying selling talking and shouting.
young boys and girls also visit the market place for fun.
therefore the market place is an important centre in the town.
the railway station presents an interesting scene.
there is a great rush at the booking windows.
there is also a great rush of passengers at the inquire office.
the coolies are seen sitting in a row.
as soon as a train arrives, they rush towards it.
vendors shout their wares at the top of their voices.
when a train arrives, there is a lot of noise and confusion.
there is a great rush at the doors of the compartments.
everyone wants to get in first.
many passengers get down from the train and many get in.
after some time, the guard blows the whistle and wave the green flag.
the train moves and leaves the platform.
those who have come to receive or see off their relatives leave for home.
soon the platform wears a deserted look.
a hobby is the best form of recreation to mind and body.
people’s hobbies differ very much according to the character of the person himself.
what would appeal to one man might be the subject of ridicule to another.
in pursuance of a hobby, one can enjoy one’s leisure and learn at the same time.
hobbies fill a gap.
it can our spirit when we are depressed.
it makes us creative.
many friendships are formed among people who have common hobbies.
the unique quality of a person can be developed with the help of a good hobby.
it eases your mind to be absorbed in something.
many hobbies can be used commercially and it can bring fame.
hobby is constructive.
it gives the mind something positive to hold on to.
nothing can make you feel bored while you have an interesting hobby to turn to.
all of us dream of becoming famous when we grow up.
my dream is to become a pilot.
one day i want to fly a big airplane.
on my last birthday, my father gifted me a toy plane.
i wish i could sit inside it and fly high up in the sky.
i love the big aircraft t the airport.
it really excites me when i think of flying like a bird in the sky.
i am ready to study and work hard to fulfill my dream of flying high among the stars.
with my mother’s help, i have made a big collection of different models of planes.
some of them are small, some are big, and some have fans on their head.
i am proud of my dream.
one day i shall fulfill my dream and become a pilot.
there is no doubt that health is wealth.
if a wealthy person is not healthy, he cannot enjoy life.
on the other hand, a poor man with good health can enjoy his life.
a rich man without good health can not enjoy a good sleep.
he cannot eat proper food.
he has to live with precautions and preventions.
on the other hand, a poor but healthy man enjoys life better.
he works hard and enjoys sound sleep.
he suffers from no disease.
he does not spend sleepless and restless nights.
therefore, it is better to have good health.
we can enjoy food, work hard to have sound sleep and can find happiness in our life.
thus, a poor but healthy man is better than a rich but sick man.
but i being a student of class ix, did not have to face that difficulty any more.
there was an awe inspiring official who appeared to be very busy.
i could read from name-plate that he was the librarian.
he was having heaps of books on all sides of his table and in shelves.
it looked as if he was drowned in a sea of books.
here i remembered.
a place where people live and get shelter is a house, there are two kinds of houses.
while some houses are built with bricks.
others are made of bottles and clay.
while people depend on food, they need a place for shelter.
have their own.
in the olden day’s people were not civilized they lived in rock caves and on huge trees.
when people become civilized they realized the value of houses.
therefore they began to build houses.
today every family has a house of their own.
a house consists of roof, walls, doors, and windows.
some houses are made of bricks.
in the olden days, people used clay to put up walls.
in the same way, some people use tiles and others use hay to thatch their roofs.
can i ever forget the octogenarian who stayed with us for two days.
he was a tall frail looking man who commanded respect.
he had immense patience and strove for perfection in everything.
but to and behold, my sister arrived with her boisterous and rowdy kids for a week.
my mother got up early in the morning to give milk to the kids before they start screaming.
mr. joseph was up, mother offered him tea.
as she was having tea with him, the kids came crowding in.
they fired questions after questions.
he calmly sat there answering their questions with such a patience that i was flabbergasted.
i would have, by that time been exasperated and brushed them away.
they asked him to make on thing after another.
he not only made the thing but also strove for perfection.
i could not help but ask, why he was taking such pains.
it would tire him.
moreover, the children were bound to destroy these things in no time.
he said to me in no uncertain terms, “young one, never be sloppiesh.
nothing that has to be done, can be so trivial, as to do it sloppishly.
whatever, you undertake to do, put in effort and do it to the best of your ability”
i hope i will at least be half a perfectionist, as he is.
a beggar is a man who asked for things from others.
he has no proper place to live.
therefore he goes place to place to beg.
some people say begging is an essay way to live.
a bagger is not a responsible man.
some people become beggars due to their bad conduct and behavior.
when we walk along the road, we meet many of them.
they are in dirty clothes.
they move in public places.
some times they are a nuisance to the society.some beggers supply clues to the thieves.
some beggars act as spies.
therefore people have to be very careful about beggars.
a little sparrow comes and sits on my window sill every day.
every morning, i hear its chirping.
i have named her birdie.
she has a beautiful white neck, two wings, a small tail and a tiny beak.
birdie is light brown in colour.
every night i keep a handful of grain on my window sill for birdie.
birdie eats grains, fruits and insects.
she has built a small nest on the roof outside my room.
she has built the nest with twigs and leaves.
i wish i could build her a strong bird house.
my mother says she is soon going to lay eggs.
i am waiting for the little young ones to come.
birdie and i have become real good friends.
i wish i could play with her like i do with my other friends.
colour has been an inseparable part of man’s existence from times immemorial.
when colour enlivens our environment, depression drifts away.
bright colours work on our moods and bring good vibrations.
nature is full with colours.
our body gets ultra-violet and infra-red treatment from sunlight.
to get a feast of colours we should go to a well kept park.
colours in a person’s attire reflect his personality.
with a good colour sense one can bring joy into one’s environment.
all our festivals are colour oriented.
ancient indian medicines prescribe cosmic colours to bring equilibrium in human cells.
physical and psychological defects are cured by colour therapy.
literature glorifies colour around us.
nature has its own scheme of colours for sustenance and renewal of its rhythm and cycle.
a farmer lives in a village.
he has a farm.
he grows food crops.
he gets early in the morning.
he prepares fodder for the animals.
then he milks his cows.
he then goes to the fields.
he plows the fields.
he waters them.
the routine of the farmer is never disturbed by the sun or rain, cold or heat.
he stays on the farm till the evening.
he takes lunch on the farm.
then he takes rest for some time under a shady tree.
in the evening he returns home.
he brings his cattle with him.
he takes his dinner and then sleeps.
sometimes he goes to the chapel or the village square to discuss the village matters.
this summer my father taught me how to ride a bicycle.
it was not easy to learn.
i was very scared in the beginning.
my father used my elder brother’s bicycle to teach me how to ride.
it took me seven days to learn.
but i am happy that i could learn to ride at last.
my father took me to practice every day.
but i was unable to get over my fear.
on the second day when i still could not ride, i started crying.
it seemed very difficult, as i kept falling.
my father told me never to give up.
he said we should keep trying until we succeed.
so, i plucked up courage and started learning again.
though i kept falling, i did not give up.
my father was with me all the time.
on the seventh day, i could ride the bicycle all by myself.
i was very happy.
my father hugged me and said he was proud of me.
he also gifted me a new bicycle.
that day i learned one important lesson.
we should never give up.
no matter how hard the task is, we should keep trying until we succeed.
my father wanted me to join a school.
he got me admitted to my school on an auspicious day.
my mother blessed me.
i carried a bag and went to school with my father.
we went to the office of the principal.
i was a little afraid.
my father filled up a from.
i was taken to its class of the primary section.
my class teacher received me.
he was very polite.
my father had carried sweets.
my class teacher distributed sweets among the children and teachers.
then my father left me in school.
a boy read out the lesson.
all of us began repeating it.
i could not learn much on the first day.
the last bell rang.
i went home with my father.
different people have different ambitions.
some with to become rich.
some people want to get a high rank or position.
my father is not a rich man.
he can not spend much money for medical or engineering courses.
therefore i have decided to become a teacher.
a teacher’s profession is a noble profession he is a nation builder.
a teacher can change the fortune of his students.
i shall take a personal interest in the future of my students.
i shall keep my knowledge up to the mark.
i will try to solve all the difficulties of my students.
i shall take an interest in my work.
i shall try to be an ideal teacher.
i have chosen this ambition with confidence and after a lot of thinking.
people had different ideas about the shape of the earth.
most said it was flat but later came to know that it was not.
the earth is a member of the solar system.
when the part we live faces the sun, it is daytime for us.
when it is turned away, it is the night time.
people once believed that the sun goes around the earth.galileo and copernicus proved that the belief was wrong.
they said that the earth goes around the sun.
a snake charmer is a common sight to indian villages.
now-a-days we do not come across a snake charmer so often in delhi.
i had an opportunity to see a snake charmerand his snakes a monthago.
the snake charmer was clad in dirty kurta and pyjama.
he had a covered basket in one hand a been (flute) in another.
he was wearing a worn out chappal and had a red scarf round his neck.
the charmer was a middle-aged man.
a few agreed, others left.
the snake charmer sat on the ground, took his been and started playing on it.
he lifted the cover of the basket.
it was a great experience for me.
orange is also another palatable fruit.
it grows in trees.
an orange tree grows big as the mango tree.
it also bears fruits generally once a year.
an orange is round.
when it is rape the juice is very smelling and tasty.
every-one likes to drink orange juice.
an orange tree needs a dry climate to grow and bear fruits.
it does not grow every whereas the mango tree.
we have to nurse it well.
there are two kinds of oranges some oranges are very sour.
they are used as medicine.
orange fruits are also imported from other countries.
the doctors’ advice patients to take orange juices as a medicine.
a true friend is a gift from god.
everyone has some friends.
i also have many friends.
but robin is my best friend.
he is my class fellow.
his father is a doctor.
his mother is a teacher.
he is an obedient boy.
he is very good in studies.
all the teachers like him.
he helps the students who are weak in their studies.
he is very punctual.
he never comes late to school.
he is a good sportsman.
he is tall and healthy.
he is the captain of our cricket team.
he is kind, gentle and courteous.
he respects all his elders.
he never gets angry.
he hates nobody.
i feel very happy in his company.
i am proud of my friend.
every man has own likes and dislikes.
i do not like showy and multi-colored clothes.
they give a look of cheapness.
i do not like the summer season also.
in the blazing sun, i cannot go out.
i remain confined to my room.
i do not like appearing in examinations as they suck my blood.
i do not like serious-natured people.
i do not like the sermons of old people.
i hate cheats and fair-weather friends.
above all, i hate all those persons who indulge in anti-social and anti-national activities.
there is a small garden in front of my house.
i have grown many kinds of flower plants in it.
after coming back from school i spend some time to nurse the
it is necessary to water them every day.
there are a few rows of flowerbeds in the flower garden.
sister also helps me to nurse them in the evenings.
these plants would bear beautiful
during the rainy season flower plants grow rapidly.
it is a great pleasure for me to see my flower garden every morning.
there is a great heat in summer in india.
the rainy days that follow are a blessing.
the rain is useful for crops and trees.
the weather becomes pleasant and cool on a rainy day.
one day, in summer, the clouds appeared in the sky.
it started to drizzle.
soon the drizzle turned into heavy rain.
the drains started overflowing with water.
the streets turned into small streams.
the children were very happy.
they made paper boats and started floating them.
it becomes very pleasant and cool.
there was a great joy.
but there was mud everywhere.
the ground becomes slippery.
some old buildings collapsed.
many trees get uprooted.
although there were a lot of inconveniences, yet the people were very happy.
the joy of the people ended soon.
the rain stopped, the sun came out and the weather becomes very hot again.
every citizen should be aware of the sad plight of disabled children.
much can be done as regards prevention, protection, immunisation etc.
individuals can show care for the disabled children by spending sometimes with them.
it is a great thing to bring some light to their dark world.
every area can organise a special play-group and other children should accept their disabled friends and play with them.
prevention and protection from disability can reduce suffering.
nature is at her best in the morning.
this time is very pleasant.
i go for a morning walk regularly.
i go to the park.
this park is just a short distance from my house.
in the morning, the air is cool and very fresh.
the birds sing happily.
the peacocks dance in the fields.
there are dew drops on the green grass.
the fresh air in the park refreshes my mind and body.
i walk barefoot on the grass.
morning walk gives me health and happiness.
i feel energetic for the whole day.
morning walk keeps me away from sickness.
a morning walk is a very good exercise.
it purifies my blood.
i enjoy the morning walk very much.
the parrot is a common bird in the bird kingdom.
is famous for it’s ability in talking.
the parrot is somewhat big.
people catch parrots at the young age.
they tame and teach
them to talk.
it is a very watchful bird.
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in
without being noticed.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in without being noticed.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
if you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well soon.
it reminded me of an amusing incident relating to a parcel that never reached.
he even told the concerned people what he expected to get.
losses of parcel due to pilferage or negligence are however not funny.
man does not live by bread alone.
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
among all other ties, friendship brings immens joy in our life.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
david-jonathan, etc.
are some rare examples.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate in each other.
we should be grateful for friendships.
it involves sacrifice of time and thoughts.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
strive to help them.
never find fault or speak ill of them.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
remember the words of shakespeare.
hostel life has many advantages.
a large number of students come from villages, towns, and cities and they stay in a hostel.
students stay in hostels and they study also.
the students in the hostels are looked after by the warden.
they do not have any worries.
the senior students provide help to the junior students in the hostel.
mutual cooperation in students and sports and games raises the standard of a boarder.
students develop the qualities of self-help in a hotel.
they do not get any help from their parents or brothers and sisters.
they have to depend upon themselves.
they live by themselves.
the arrangement of their food is made by the warden.
the students have to pay for the food and stay in the hostel.
both the rich and poor students live in hostels.
the atmosphere is more disciplined in a hostel than it is at home.
students achieve their goal of education and discipline in a hostel.
hostel life has its own charm.
i live in karol bagh.
it is a crowded part of the city.
we have neighbors of all kinds.
they are of different castes and religions.
mr. kailash is my next-door neighbor.
he is a businessman.
he deals in ready-made garments.
he has one son and one daughter.
his son is of my age.
he is my class fellow.
mr. kailash is a popular person.
he is soft-spoken.
he is cultured and polite.
there is always a smile on his face.
he is very cooperative by nature.
he is not very rich.
but he always helps the needy persons.
his wife also is a very kind lady.
she is well-educated.
whenever we have any problem, she comes to our help.
there are other neighbors too.
but mr. kailash is my best neighbor.
last weekend, my father wanted to take us out somewhere.
so we decided to go to the zoo.
my mother made some sandwiches and packed some fruits.
father took his camera along, and we all left for the zoo.
outside, it was warm and sunny.
after an hour’s drive, we reached the zoo.
the place was crowded.
there were vendors selling balloons, caps, eatables and lot of other things.
my father bought three tickets and we all walked into the zoo.
inside we boarded a small train which took us around the park.
i was so excited that i kept jumping on my seat.
after the train ride, we sat in a restaurant and had our lunch.
while walking around the zoo, i saw boards which warned us not to feed the animals.
i could not understand the reason behind it.
when i asked my father about it, he explained that our food might harm the animals.
he also told me that the zoo authorities take care of the animals in best possible manner.
the lion can be seen in asian and african forests.
it is a carnivorous animal and its long mane gives it a handsome and proud look.
at the same, these mane protests it from the teeth or claws of an enemy.
the lioness does the most of the hunting.
but she does not have the mane.
it is a good and brave hunter.
it approaches the prey stealthily.
sometimes the biggest land animal, the elephant to runs away from it.
so the lion is called the kind of the forest.
last sunday a cricket match was played between our school team and the team of s.d.
the match was played in the playgrounds of our school.
it was a very interesting match.
one night, as i was sleeping, i heard loud cries of “fire!
fire!”, i got up and saw our neighbor’s house on fire.
i rushed out along with my parents.
everyone in our neighborhood was out and trying to help put off the fire with water and sand.
thick smoke was coming out of the house.
soon the fire engine came.
it was a big red vehicle.
the firemen got down to work immediately.
they sprayed water on the house.
after an hour’s effort, they were finally able to control the fire.
everyone in the house was safe and only one portion of the house was damaged.
we asked our neighbors to stay with us for the night.
it was such a scary experience that none of us could sleep that night.
i have long brown hair.
i love to play with my dolls, listen to music and read fairy tales.
i have many friends in school with whom i play during my lunch break.
my class teacher is very nice and polite.
she helps me to understand and learn my lessons easily.
my father is a policeman.
he works very hard from morning till night.
my mother is a teacher.
they both love me a lot.
my brother is still too young to go to school.
he stays with the nanny till my mother comes back home.
being the baby of the family, he is everyone’s favorite.
my father takes us to the amusement park whenever he gets time off from his work.
every sunday my mother cooks a tasty lunch and we all set to eat it together.
i thank god for giving me a loving family and a wonderful life.
a person who works especially with bricks stones and cement is called a mason.
a mason is an essential person in society.
he cuts and shapes stones for many purposes.
he is also a builder.
he mixes mortar and lay bricks to build houses, he plasterers the walls and roofs with cement.
he has many instruments for his work.
he cut and smooths stones with those instruments.
due to the increase in building house more masons are required to build those houses.
to become a meson is not to easy.
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
to become a meson is not to easy.
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
a person who leads a good life is a gentlemen.
respectable and an example to others.
he bears a good character.
he teach others how to live harmless lives.
people around him have a good regard for him.
advice and invite him to take part in every social work.
the school teacher, the monk and the native doctor in a
village are regarded as gentlemen.
they take the leadership in every social and
school children should try to become gentlemen someday.
too much of perseverance is needed to become a real gentlemen.
people enjoyed perfect happiness without fear or sorrow or disease.
everyone was in harmony with his neighbour.
the four pillars of religion-truth, purity, mercy and charity-stood firm in all the world.
none was poor and none was unfortunate.
the goat and the lion lived in peace together.
such was the time of peace there.
the above conditions show the contrast between western society and peace loving humanity.
literature and history gives us many bad examples of war and its hardening effect on human mind.
the war in old days was based on the “laws of war”.
with this practiced self control they were able to learn the way of peace even in wars.
war passes, peace succeeds.
peon is a very important person in a school.
sohan lal is the peon of our school.
he is a very good man.
all the teachers and students like him.
sohan lal is about twenty-six years old.
he has passed his middle school examination.
he wears the school uniform when he is on duty.
he is a hard-working man.
he reaches the school before school starts.
he opens the rooms.
he dusts the principal’s office and the staff room.
he is sincere and regular in his work.
he sits outside the principal’s room.
he takes the letters and other circulars from the principal to the teachers.
he can read and write hindi and english.
he keeps the school notice board up-to-date.
all the teachers like him and praise him for his work.
he is preparing for the matriculation examination.
he takes help from the teachers.
he lives in the school.
he rings the bell in time.
he keeps the class registers at the proper place.
he works very hard but his pay is less.
cereals are a very important form of food for us.
they are the staple food in our diet.
the major cereals are rice, wheat, millet, oat, barley, maize and corn.
all these cereals are produced in farms.
we consume cereals in different ways.
we have them for breakfast in the form of cornflakes, bread, and cakes.
during lunch and dinner, we have cereals in the form of rice, wheat and whole grains.
we also eat cereals in the form of popcorn.
cereals have a great nutritional value.
they contain vitamins, minerals, and fibers which give us the energy to work.
they form a healthy part of our diet.
we should have them every day.
having cereals every day would keep us away from many illnesses.
a few days ago a friend took me to an arphange.
they narrated the story of their home.
when they had no children of their own, the suffering of homeless children invoked sympathy in their hearts.
they started this home with three children in their small house.
when the number became more, they had started collectiong donations.
now the home has long list of regular patrons.
‘clean management’ makes the benefits go to all in the from of comforts.
the organiser mr. anthony appeared to be a different kind of a person with magnanimity and charity.
he often invites his patrons and donors to visit the home.
every year he send a general report of its functioning, expansion programme and financial commitments etc.
to his patrons.
the organisers have given their love to those homeless children.
it gives them great pleasure to see them happy and satisfied.
i will not waste money in buying cakes and arranging big parties to celebrate my birthday.
wedding are grand affairs.
i recently attended the wedding of a friend.
it was performed in a park.
the park was converted into a fairy-land.
the fragrance of the flowers filled it.
on one side sat the musicians with shehnai and its accompaniments.
the shehnai was being played very softly.
men in their sunday best and women and children in all colors of rainbow added to the dreamland atmosphere.
they were accorded a warm welcome.
the bridegroom was escorted to the throne-like-seat on the raised platform.
the dolled-up bride accompanied by her sister and friends arrived walking at a slow pace.
it was a great occasion for socializing.
i met many of my friends and relatives with whom i exchanged pleasantries and information about the families.
at night, when i return to bed , i really repent for having been born eldest.
mother is important member of the house.
with out his life is impossible.
one get frustrated doing all work., that is done by her.
my mother has going for a week?s time, and i am managing the house now.
it is simply a tough time, doing this job.
after my father leaves, i have to dress up for school.
i get so frustrated that i hardly take bath or eat breakfast.
i now realize the importance of my mother.
i feel so sorry for having sometimes made faces at her.
managing a household is a big responsibility.
i would hate to do that.
people think the donkey as a stupid animal.
when we went to
call someone a fool, we compare him to a donkey is not so foolish as we think.
although we regard the donkey as a foolish creature it is
not so foolish.
but the donkey is not clever as the dog and the horse.
if does work men went them to do.
they are used for carrying loads.
the gypsies use donkeys to carry
their loads from place to place.
in some countries the donkeys are used to
some people treat the donkey very badly, but it takes them
one late winter night, we heard the cry of an old lady, from the nearby house.
she was alone, living with her husband, who was not well, and confined to bed.
sensing their pitiable condition, the neighbours used to help them, by turns.
they over powered both of them and tied them to cots.
four of us reached there, three gents and one lady.
two of us went to the police station.
the culprits had taken to their heels, when the lady raised the alarm.
the police came and made a thorough search of the house.
they found two boxes in the adjacent park.
luckily the burglars coould not open them in the hurry.
all the precious articles in the almirahs were also safe.
thus, the old couple were saved from their valuables being stolen by burglars.
next day they changed the house and shifted to their son’s residence, in the nearby colony.
all of us have our likes and dislikes.
so have i, my dislikes are many.
but out of my likes i have five on the top.
these are poetry, music, excursions, meeting people and reading thought provoking books and magazines.
other poets of nature who have impressed me most are keats, robinson.
music people say, has its effect even on trees, plants, animals and their growth.
milch cows have shown better yield of milk due to music i like michael jackson the most.
i have gone on excursions to almost all nearby hill stations and health resorts.
i prefer to go on educational, scientific and historical tours also.
meeting people from various professions is my another hobby.
i have pen-friends among intellectual, artistes, actors, dancers, scientists and university professors.
reading books on philosophy, religion, anthropology, world history and literature is my last liking.
i subscribe to magazines and read books on these subjects.
different people have different hobbies.
hobbies keep us busy and happy.
my hobby is gardening.
whenever i have spare time, i go to my small garden.
i see the little plants grow.
i water them.
i sow seeds in the vacant space and water them.
i take care of them.
i have also grown many flowers.
they give me great joy.
i work with a spade and hoe every morning and evening in my small garden.
i root out the unwanted plants.
there is a banana plant also in my garden.
there are other types of fruit trees as well.
i grow some vegetables also in my garden.
i feel very happy to see the fruits, plants, and flowers in my garden.
my hobby gives me a lot of exercises as well.
it was a cold day.
there was some flog and not much traffic on the road.
i was standing in the balcony of my house.
suddenly i heard a loud noise.
the driver of a car lost his balance at a turn.
he crashed into an electric pole.
i rushed for rescue.
many other people also come running.
the driver was badly hurt.
we helped him to come out of the car.
he had received a big cut on the forehead.
he was profusely bleeding.
soon he was carried away in a car.
the car was badly smashed.
a pool of blood had collected on the road.
after some time a team of traffic police came.
they cleared away the crowd.
then they began their investigation.
it was a horrible experience.
i could not believe my eyes.
it all happened in no time.
i still feel frightened when i remember the accident.
man is a social animal.
this fact itself proves our nearness to the animal kingdom or the animal world.
animals are very faithful and helpful.
right from the very early stages a dog is perhaps the only animal who has helped mankind the most.
cow comes next.
she provides us milk and bullocks for the agriculture work.
horse or the mule is yet another animal who helps mankind in more than one way.
a cat is also known to be the best pet.
children specially the younger ones like her very much.
they carry her in their arms like a puppy, as she is lighter and softer to handle.
among the animals we can include goats, lambs, hares or rabbits also.
the presence of an animal in a house is considered to be a good omen in villages.
the animals are our best friends.
the power of man resides in his mind.
man’s conquests over nature tell us about his great powers of mind.
how did he make himself glorious among all other creations?
man conquers by knowledge.
his acquiring of knowledge by probing makes him supreme.
we have read about many conquerors like, alexander the great, julius caesar, nepolean etc.
their perseverance, set-goals to be achieved and a thorough knowledge about the world made their dreams come true.
we can be a conqueror if we learn more and more from our teachers and books.
knowledge is gained by asking, searching and learning.
by reading books we can develop an positive mind.
what kind of books can elevate our nature?
interpretation of great scriptures, classics and literature, autobiographies of great men, history etc.
are some themes which can guide us to a noble path.
young minds get corrupted by reading trash.
the temptations to read violent and vulgar books should be overcome.
when we read a classic, we are in communication with a great mind and get a moral contentment.
let us make reading a regular habit and so become a creative member of the world community.
‘a healthy body carries a healthy mind’ is an old saying.
it is true and if one is physically fit, it leads to his mental health.
a healthy person has a lot of advantages over an unhealthy and physically unfit person.
how could you become physically fit?
we can get physical health and fitness by taking part in games and sports.
football, volleyball, cricket, running, and swimming are a few such games and sports.
they make you a well-disciplined person who obeys the leader and the rules.
games teach you to act with a team spirit.
they teach you to watch time and act promptly.
lastly, games and sports teach you to accept both victories and defeat equally well with a happy face.
now we see that games and sports do us a lot of good both physically and mentally.
speech on: the importance of games and sports
the policeman is an important public servant.
he is strong, tall and a healthy man.
he is a government servant.
he wears a smart khaki uniform.
he keeps a small stick in his hand.
he plays a very important role.
he has to maintain law and order.
he has to do a lot of work.
he goes from place to place to catch thieves and bad people.
bad characters create a lot of trouble for all of us.
bad people are afraid of him.
a policeman has to work day and night.
at night he goes on the round the area.
this profession is not only arresting.
this profession is for those who have the perception to resolve the problem of any situation.
personal life is restricted to certain rules and criteria.
on the occasion of the fair and big meeting he maintains peace by applying for law and order.
on the occasion of the festival, he continues his duty for helping people to celebrate the occasion peacefully.
it is an extremely tough situation to control his emotion for his family at the festival time.
his duty is very hard, therefore, he should be paid a respectable salary.
there should also be an extra bonus at the festival time duty.
a policeman helps good and peace-loving citizens.
he helps them to be happy.
some policeman is trained to control the traffic.
they control and manage the traffic at road junctions and crossings.
a policeman also controls crowds.
we must always cooperate with him in maintaining law and order.
we should respect him.
our life and property are safe because of the policeman.
a bus stop hums with life and activity.
at peak hours there is a mad rush.
all sort of people can be seen at a bus stop.
some are impatient and look at their watches at every other second, other are worried and fret.
but there are some who wait patiently.
they even give smiles to others.
students stand in groups and talk.
it presents an opportunity to study human nature.
everyone just pushes and jostles.
there is a lot of confusion then.
at peak hours people try to board a bus whether there is any space in it or not.
traveling on footboards is very common.
it is very dangerous.
but it does not deter any one.
pick-pockets have their day at such hours.
leisure is an important need in our lives.
one’s profession cannot be considered as his/her leisure time activity.
for example, a professional photographer may be busy even in his/her leisure time.
modern city life is just like a contest with so much of rush and stress.
everybody is overworked.
nobody has time to enjoy the natural environment and give a rest to the mind and body.
as a result, many are suffering from various physical and mental disorders.
so, it is important to spend some time leisurely.
leisure can restore our energy, comfort us and make us strong to work again.
going on picnics, taking long walks, reading useful books are good leisure time activities.
if we waste our time and overtax our minds and bodies, time shall waste us.
by spending some time leisurely, we will be able to prolong our lives and also be comfortable.
sports are very useful for our lives.
this in turn helps to keep our minds healthy.
a person who is involved in sports is mentally and physically well developed.
sports teach is to accept both defeat and victory in the same spirit.
a person who is doing sports generally developed special qualities such as patience, courage and senesce of responsibility.
all these qualities are helpful to prepare us to live as good citizens in society.
when it’s time to get a job, having done sports could be an added qualification.
doing some sort of sport has another advantage.
that is, we could meet people from lots of other countries when participating in international sports activities.
we can learn many things about the countries and also the sportsmen and women we meet.
this can help us.
it is useful to interact with people of other nationalities.
the population of india has increased at an alarming rate after independence.
because of overpopulation, there is poverty.
the increase in population is due to the fall in death rate.
there is a better medical facility and the death rate has therefore fallen.
because of overpopulation, there are unemployment, poverty and food problems.
there are many reasons for overpopulation.
the poor people have more children.
they think that children are the gifts of god.
some people think that a man who has many sons and daughters is a lucky person.
parents who have only daughters go on producing children until they have a son.
it is necessary to solve the problem of overpopulation.
family planning should be adopted to control the birth of children.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
the farmer is the most important person in our country.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
a farmer is an able person.
he works hard and he loves his works.
by doing this he expects a better harvest.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
my father had some urgent business at jaipur.
he wanted to reach there soon.
so he decided to go by aeroplane.
he wanted to take me along.
we packed a small bag and went to the airport.
there were a number of airplanes at the airport.
many people had come to see off their relatives and friends.
we entered the airplane.
this was my first experience of traveling by air.
the airplane took off into the air.
it flew higher and higher.
i felt a little giddy.
i looked out through the window.
everything looked very small.
very big trees looked very small.
huge buildings looked like small huts.
the big river looked like a snake.
now jaipur was in sight.
the airplane started flying down.
it landed at jaipur airport.
we thanked god that we had landed safely.
it was one of the most memorable journeys i ever had in my life.
i love pigeons.
whenever i see them, i wish if i were a bird and i could also fly like them.
with my wings, i can fly above all the buildings in the city.
i can see our school and playground from the top.
planes will fly near me and i can wave hands to pilot.
i will collect small things nearby and will build a nest a top of a tree.
flying high, i can enjoy the fresh breeze and watch the beautiful sunset from the top.
i will fly around blue oceans and beautiful mountains.
if i were a bird, i would have really enjoyed flying around our wonderful nature.
i wish gold gives me golden wings one day which can appear and disappear when i wish.
the world is very vast and every part of it has a different climate.
however, the most prominent seasons are summer, winter and rainy seasons.
different parts of the world experience different seasons at different times of the year.
seasons change according to the earth’s revolution around the sun.
during the year.
hence, these parts of the earth experience summer.
that is why at a given point in time, some part of world experience summer and some winter.
some parts of the world do not get very cold, mostly because of the influence of the sea.
as the winter starts fading away and the heat begins to intensify, people pack up their woolens.
out come the sun shades, umbrellas and cotton clothes.
sale of ice creams and soft drinks becomes a regular feature during scorching summers.
between winter and summer seasons, there is a short period called ‘spring’.
when springs set in, flowers burst into bloom and the earth seems to be smiling.
during the rainy season, raincoats and umbrellas are constant companions.
as the showers fade away, once again winter sets in.
thus, goes on the season’s cycle.
we enjoy each season with its fruits, festivals, and weather.
my elder sister also attended school and i was admitted to the same school.
my father took me there by car.
we walked to the school compound.
the school was full of boys and girls.
when the school started my father took me to the principal.
he admitted me to the first grade.
after that, my father bade goodbye to the principal and went away.
i was led to my class toom.
the class teacher was a kind lady.
she made me sit in the second row.
she asked the other students to be kind to me.
they were nice and friendly.
the teacher tough me a few lessons.
our body is a wonderful creation of god.
nature has assigned different tasks to different body parts.
all the body parts and organs work in coordination with each other.
if we neglect any body part, then the whole body suffers.
inside our body, there are many systems.
our heart beats all day and all night.
it beats faster when we run or walk fast.
we can feel our heartbeat if we place our hand on the chest.
we have a pair of kidneys.
they are as important as the heart.
they help to clean the blood in our body.
we also have a pair of lungs which help us to breathe.
we have a brain inside the head which controls all the other organs of the body.
all work and no play makes jak a dull boy” is an old saying.
physical fitness is a condition for mental alertness.
good health is the greatest blessing of god.
healthy persons can think properly, act promptly and work peristently.
and in the present day world work is the only way to success.
an unhealthy person will remain unhappy and dispirited.
games keep us physically fit.
in all the games some rules must be followed.
those who play foul are not allowed to play.
if rules of the game are not observed gameswill no longer remain the civilised activities of human beings.
games make us disciplined in thinking and in actions.
and discipline among the members of the society is of the greatest value.
our animal instincts are brought under control.
games teach us the team spirit.
we must play as a team; individual game spoils the chances of victory.
every player cooperates with other player in defeating the other side.
while playing one hasto obey the captain.
in the field, the player is not supposed to dispute the decion of the captain.
if the players start disobeying the captain, there will be anarchy in the field.
the possibility of defeat should not unnerve us.
sometimes we fear failure.
we forget if ‘hopes are dups, fears may be biars.’ moreover defeat should not disappoint us.
games teach us the way to face failure which we come across atadversary corner.
lincoln is regarded as the greatest american president.
he had a very simple
son of a poor farmer.
so he had to work hard from his childhood.
when he was a
money he earned he bought books and learned to read and write.
worked as a post master and a storekeeper.
in his spare time he entered
politics and earned a name as an orator.
loved him and they elected him as their president.
as the president he proposed
plantation owners of the south raised a strong objection.
lead to civil war between the northern states and the southern states.
northern states lead by lincoln won the war, and he abolished slavery.
lincoln was a great man who loved mankind.
the cat is domestic per animal.
it has a skin full of fur and a long tail.
when the cat approaches a prey it usually wags its tail.
everybody all over the world knows that the favorite food of the cat is the rat.
sometimes, the cat spends hours and hours at the rat-holes in searching of tats.
it’s difficult to find a house without a cat.
as it destroys the rants almost all the housewives love the cat.
most of the housewives observe it and they don’t like to kill rats.
in this way among the men and the cats has a big relationship.
my brother’s name is oliver.
he is fourteen years old.
his friends call him oli.
he studies in grade eight.
apart from his studies, my brother is much interested in sports.
he is a good cricketer.
his friends like to play with him.
he is the only son of our family.
there are fore my parents love him very much.
he loves me too.
he plays cricket with his friends in the evening.
i love my brother.
lot about computers.
people speak about computer literacy, computer courses,
computer classes, and computing.a computer is a
machine designed to do a lot of difficult work for us.
information, put them in order, and give them to us when we need them.
coming to it in many shapes and forms.
it deals with the techniques of
processing, recording, storing, and retrieving information.
a few extra types
of equipment coupled to the computer would help us to operate audio and video
disks and listen to music and watch films.when you use a
computer you have to program it according to your requirements.
such programming is essential to analyze data or even to guide a spacecraft to the moon as well.
in the future, we will require computers in most of our daily work.
we are a family of five members- my grandfather, my father, my mother, and my sister.
my house has three bedrooms and a drawing-cum-dining room.
in front of my house, there is a beautiful lawn.
in the backyard, there is a small vegetable garden.
there is a sofa set, a dining table and a t.v.
set in the drawing-room.
in the center, there is a carpet.
there are some beautiful paintings on the walls.
there are a kitchen, a bathroom and a storehouse in our house.
we have a gas stove.
the crockery is kept neatly on the shelves.
i like my house very much.
“simple life” saysthe prophet mohammed, “set my heart on high thoughts.”
they enjoy simple dress and adorn their houses with necessary furniture.
i consider it a sin to waste money on personal pleasures.
great people have taught the value of austerity by living a simple life.
it would be rather nice to develop courage to lead a simple life and determine to do good work.
the television is a great gift of modern science.
it was invented by a scientist, jhon logie baird.
these days it is very popular.
it is a good source of entertainment.
televisions have almost replaced the radios and transistors.
there are many different programmes every day on television.
there are films, songs, music, dramas, plays etc.
to keep the viewers entertained.
republic day and independence day function at national and regional levels are also shown on television.
now people have color televisions.
it makes viewing more interesting and exciting.
the television is an improvement on the radio.
with it, we can see cultural programmes.
it is also a great source of distance teaching and collage transmissions.
thousands of students who cannot attend a school, college or a university are taught through it.
its appeal both to the eyes and the ears is great.
it makes learning easy.
though television is a very useful thing, if we see it continuously it can affect our eye-sight.
but tv has a lot of disadvantages too.
the first one is that there a lot of violence and debauchery in tv films, even in cartoons.
and violence has a bad effect on children and teenagers.
furthermore, there are too many advertisements on tv.
it is a really irritating agent, which get people danger up.
sometimes it can encourage us to buy things we don’t need at all.
last but not least, watching tv take a lot of time and it makes us lazy.
everyone loves their father and mother.don’t you?
there is no doubt that every child sitting here loves and respects their father and mother.
however is there any difference that we can find unique in india in our attitudes towards parents?
our parents are the ones whom we interact with daily.
every day we see how they struggle to keep us happy.
our parents work hard to give us the best.
they sacrifice their luxuries to provide food and education for us.
that’s why we consider them as a visible god.
indian culture clearly defines the importance of expressing love and obligations towards our parents.
this simply demonstrates the importance of serving our parents.
speech about:   parents are the visible god
mango is a palatable fruit.
mango trees bear fruits
generally once a year.
there are a few mango trees in my garden as well.
when a mango fruits is ripe it gives a sweet smell and the juice
is very tasty.
the juice of the young mango is sour.
not only children some birds also love to eat ripe mangoes.
now a days mango fruits are very expensive.
some people import mangoes.
they are not so tasty and palatable as mangoes in our country.
a large number of people came to see the fair.
i went to see this fair with my friend last week.
there was a large crowd of people outside the gate.
we bought tickets and entered the exhibition grounds.
the pavilions of delhi, rajasthan, karnataka, and uttar pradesh were very attractive.
japan, china, and canada had also set up beautiful pavilions.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
the toys of japan were liked very much by the children.
there was a toy train for children.
in the states’ pavilions, the industrialists and businessmen were busy finalizing business deals.
the craftsmen were showing their skills.
we learned a lot from this fair.
we enjoyed the fair and returned home.
it was my eighth birthday.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
the house was decorated with streamers and balloons.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
all my friends were also invited.
i was very happy to see them.
they all brought gifts for me.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
we all wore nice party dresses.
my friends blew on whistles when i cut the cake.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
we then had our dinner.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
my father went to drop them back home.
it was a lovely evening.
i loved each moment of it.
snakes usually creep.
they do not have limbs.
seen almost in every part of this country.
we know them well.
kinds of snakes.
the boas and pythons are the largest of them.
some of them are
whenever they catch the prey, they are killed by crushing.
these types of snakes are found in african forests.
snakes are poisonous.
cobras, wipers and krait are some of them.
snake do not sting, they bite.
they have poisonous liquid is entered to the wound of it’s victim.
there are snakes that are not poisonous.
they are harmless and can be seen everywhere.
their food is frogs and eggs.
science has changed our domestic life.
electricity is used in place of coal.
we cook on gas stoves.
computers, televisions, and radios have made life more pleasant.
heaters, irons, washing machines, freezers, and room coolers are in common use.
we can talk on the mobile phone at a distance of thousands of kilometers.
everything is made with the help of machines.
the cost of production has gone down.
farmers use many machines in agriculture.
chemicals are used in the fields.
in the field of medicine and surgery, science has made wonderful progress.
but science has also produced many destructive weapons.
it has given atom bombs, hydrogen bombs, tanks, missiles, etc.
in the hands of man.
it has raised the threat of a nuclear war.
science can be man’s friend as well as an enemy.
speech on: advantages and disadvantages of science
a good neighbor is a blessing.
good neighbors can help one another.
sohan is my next-door neighbor.
he is not a rich man.
he works hard to earn his bread.
he works hard to earn his bread.
he has a small family.
he is happy with his lot.
everyone respects him in our neighborhood.
he wears a simple life.
his children also live a simple life.
he has got good health.
all the members of his family work hard.
he is always ready to serve and help his neighbors.
he is a selfless person.
he never expects favors from others.
he earns through the sweat of his brow but he never complains.
we are very lucky to have a good neighbor.
my elder brother is a forest officer.
last week, he took me with him to the forest.
i was thrilled and excited, as it was the first time that i was going to the forest.
he had told me stories about various animals.
i hoped to see some of them.
it was early in the morning when we started for the forest.
inside the forest, there was very little sunlight.
i was excited yet scared.
it was very quiet.
my brother told me not to make any noise.
i sat quietly next to him.
after driving through the forest for half an hour, my brother suddenly stopped the jeep.
he told me to look to my left.
there in the bushes i could see a herd of deer.
i was overjoyed.
i wanted to go near them.
but my brother said that they would get scared and run away.
he also said that it was not safe to get off the jeep.
we also saw an elephant, a peacock, a litter of cubs and some fluffy little rabbits.
an hour later, we came back to our house.
i was so happy that i gave my brother a tight hug.
a railway station is a very busy place.
yesterday i went to the new delhi railway station to receive my uncle.
i went by bus.
there was a great rush outside the railway station.
taxis, buses, and scooters were parked outside.
there were people of all ages outside the ticket window.
there were long queues.
i bought a platform ticket and went inside.
a large number of men, women, and children were waiting for the train.
some were sitting on the benches.
there was an announcement.
the train was late by one hour.
it was difficult to pass the time.
i went to the tea stall and had a cup of tea.
then i went to the bookstall.
i bought a magazine.
other people were also buying books and magazines.
then i took a round of the platform.
the coolies were moving about carrying luggage on their heads.
the train arrived.
the passengers rushed to board the train.
many passengers came out of the compartment.
i received my uncle.
we went home with an auto-rickshaw.
yesterday evening i was doing my homework in my room.
suddenly, i heard a noise in the street.
i at once rushed outside.
the people were crying “fire”!
“fire”!
a house in the next street was on fire.
people were throwing water on the fire.
i also joined them.
some people were throwing dust and sand on the fire.
the fire was spreading fast.
a child was left inside the house.
a young boy jumped into the house and took out the crying child.
everybody praised the courage and brave action of the young boy.
soon the fire brigade arrived.
the firemen fought the flames bravely.
they threw water on the rising flames.
it took two hours to control the fire.
the whole house was reduced to ashes.
fortunately, there was no loss of life.
i have a pet rabbit.
her name is bunny.
she is very cute.
she plays with me.
she hopes when she is happy.
we play a running race.
she runs very fast and wins.
she loves to eat carrots.
i keep her in a big and beautiful basket.
i love my pet rabbit very much.
florence nightingale was born in florence, italy, while her english parents were spending a vacation there.
they give her the christian name florence, to remember her place of birth.
her rich aristocratic parents wanted her to be a fashionable lady.
but florence wanted to be a nurse and got herself trained in a nursing school in germany.
when she returned to england she set up a training college for nurses.
she found that the condition of the wounded was hopeless there.
they were not cared for, and the doctors there had no medicine and instruments.
florence worked day and night and put everything right within a few weeks.
she and her nurses treated the wounded, provided them with good food and recreation.
florence nightingale introduced the famous “nightingale oath”.
i study in cambridge school which is one of the best schools in london.
it has a stone building.
it has all facilities a good school should have-well furnished classrooms, laboratories, library, and playground.
these are well furnished.
there are thirty-four classrooms.
our labs are well equipped.
our library has books almost on all subjects.
our librarian is also very helpful.
our school, like all schools, has a prescribed uniform.
we have to wear white or cream cotton shirts, light-blue trousers, black shoes and white socks.
they have to tie white ribbon also.
in our school special attention is paid to behavior, cleanliness, and punctuality.
the most well behaved, neat and punctual student is awarded a prize at the annual day function.
our principle is a strict disciplinarian.
he takes the help of p. t. teachers too.
if anyone violates the rules, and is not in uniform, or makes mischief, he gets punished.
but he is fair and loving.
he tries to find out the reason and guides us.
our teachers are also quite strict.
i like my school very much and i am proud that i belong to it.
i shall never forget it.
a teacher works to build our nation.
the profession of a teacher is not easy.
he works hard as a student.
he solves the difficulties of all the students regarding their lessons.
a teacher gets up early in the morning.
he prepares his lessons.
he plans his lessons with great care.
he reaches his school in time.
he remains busy the whole day.
he teaches many classes.
all through the day, he works with his students.
he had to attend many periods.
he works till evening.
he returns home very tired.
he takes a little rest and starts work again.
he has to evaluate the answer sheets of the students.
sometimes he brings the note-books of the students to his home.
he evaluates the answers of the note-books.
at night, the teacher reads his books and prepares new lessons.
he sleeps for a few hours.
he wakes up again early in the morning and gets ready for school.
it is his daily routine.
we respect the teachers because they make us what we want to become in life.
traveling according to sir francis bacon, the famous essayist, is education.
even government allows many concessions and grants for educational tours.
produces only bookworms.
introduction – planning- gardening – house improvement – reading – conclusion.
my first hobby is gardening.
i intend growing plants of flowers.
reading is my last hobby, and i have collected a lot of titles during the past three-four years.
i would read all of them this year.
i would enjoy my hobbies and complete some urgent duties also.
punctuality is a necessary habit in all public affairs.
nothing can be brought to a conclusion without punctuality.
time is the most valuable possession of a man in a civilized society.
punctuality means doing something at the fixed or appointed time.
but very few people are punctual.
people who are not punctual waste the time of others and their own time also.
many students are in the habit of reaching school late.
thus, they disturb the class.
many people reach their offices late.
the public suffers and their own work also suffers.
in india, people are very careless about punctuality.
in western countries, people know the value of punctuality.
once churchill’s secretary reached office late by five minutes.
mother earth has given us many gifts.
one of them is trees.
trees are very important to us.
many of our tribes live inside forests which have trees.
trees provide us timber to make furniture.
wild animals depend on trees for food and shelter and birds make their nests on trees.
trees help to prevent soil erosion and floods.
they give out oxygen and make the earth clean and cool.
trees reduce pollution and increase rain.
many products such as paper, gum, rubber, etc, are obtained from trees.
so friends, save trees by not cutting them and make them happy.
we will try to plant a tree whenever we can.
we will start it in our home garden.
we should think carefully before we do something.
we should take precautions and do deep thinking.
then only we should decide to do something.
some people are impulsive by nature.
they do not think before doing a thing.
they act rashly and then repent.
we should do thorough calculations and also we should do a thorough survey.
we should invest money in business only if we have experience in the business.
if we do not have the knowledge we can take guidance from experienced persons in business.
we should make a thorough study before starting a business.
we should not start swimming without thinking about our experience and depth of the river.
if we take action rashly or foolishly, it may ruin us.
newspapers are found all over the world.
they are published in many languages.
we get newspapers early in the morning.
they are useful because they tell us about the world.
newspapers give us information about our country.
the latest events are published in many languages.
newspapers give us knowledge about many things of the past and present.
newspapers publish government policies.
the statements given by the ministers, legislators and other politicians are published in the newspapers.
newspapers publish articles, titbits, and many other things.
newspapers are useful to everybody.
they publish many advertisements.
they give the news to the whole world.
they also publish important events.
without newspapers, people cannot get knowledge and news of our country and the world.
they are an important link between the government and the people.
the railway station is the place where people wait for
the people who wait for trains talk, joke or read papers to
past the time.
the station master is in charge of the railway station.
are assistants, porters, ticket checkers and signalmen to help him.
the long wooden benches on the platform are always full of
if we went to travel by train we have to buy tickets.
in large railway station there are loud speakers to announce
in places like the fort railway station a large television
the rest room, toilets, parcel room and the canteen are few
features we find in many railway stations.
the taj mahal is located in agra, india.
it is very beautiful.
it is one of the wonders of the world.
this is why the taj mahal is seen as an eternal symbol of love.
water is very necessary for us.
all living things need water to survive.
water is found in oceans, rivers, lakes and ponds.
we also get water from rains.
water of the ocean is salty and not suitable for drinking.
we can drink water from rivers and freshwater lakes.
we also find water in the form of snow.
water is used by us in our everyday life.
we need water for drinking and bathing, for cooking food and washing clothes and utensils.
plants and animals too need water to survive.
farmers need water for cultivation.
it is used in factories.
it is also used for generating electricity and building houses.
water is needed everywhere.
we should neither waste nor pollute water as each drop of water is precious.
i specially grow in the coastal part.
i am a useful tree among
they use my all parts for their various purposes.
they prepare various kind of delicious food using my coconut milk.
rafters and timber from my trunk.
some people make some ornaments and fancy
items by using my coconut shell, trunk or husk.
people use my husk for making
my leaves for thatching their houses.
bulls and elephant like my leaves very
my leaves are used for various decoration in the special occasions.
at present, i am dwindling owing to the selfishness of the man.
electricity is generated with the help of water, coal and even sun rays.
electricity is very important for us.
the lights in our houses glow with the help of electricity.
this light helps us to study at night.
electricity helps to light up the streets at night.
the appliances our mothers use to cook food work with the help of electricity.
it is electricity that makes our refrigerator, geyser, television, mobile phone work.
it is also used to run trains from one place to the other.
electricity also helps us to play video games, listen to music and play with electronic toys.
we should not waste electricity because resources to make electricity are scarce and will not last forever.
the rice plant belongs to the grass family.
it grows well in warm and wet climates.
rice is the staple food in all the asian countries.
the rice plant needs a lot of mud and water in the early stages of growth.
farmers prepare the fields likewise and sow seeds there.
the rice plant needs a lot of sunshine in the last stages.
when the ears of rice are ripe they turn golden.
it is time to reap them.
to get rice the farmers have to hull the paddy seeds.
it can be done with the help of the mortar and pestle.
detective stories tend to glorify crimes.
movies are greatly responsible to make many people take the path of crime by making crimes attractive.
police are shown as stupid and slow and civil characters shine by contrast.
the media has a moral duty towards its public.
yellow journalism will never appeal to the baser instincts of people.
text books are there to nurture value among the young minds.
for example the villain is presented as an attractive character casual, brave, smart and successful with women.
it is true that he finally gets caught.
the whole lesson will deal glorifying the quick success of an immoral character.
is glorifying crimes is not a crime?
early in the morning.
my father got up, and started calling me.
though my information is that both of them were as ordinary as i was.
but luck used to favour them, and they used to get top positions.
when my father went to bathroom for a shower bath, i took my bicycle and rushed out.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
he is every inch a gentleman.
he is very helpful to all.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
he is very intelligent.
he has two pet dogs.
in spite of being rich, he is not arrogant.
he speaks to everyone and is generous and kind.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
his father also lives with him.
all the members of his family are good.
his father is very kind and religious.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
they are good at students too.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
they have forgotten a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
holidays provide a great chance to students.
they have a great significance for students.
during the holidays, students are free from the burden of books.
students can devote time to their favorite pursuits.
the holidays are fun.
these are the days of feasting and merry-making.
some teachers burden the students with holiday homework.
this is not good.
students can be encouraged to do some kind of social work during holidays.
all work and no holiday makes a student’s life dull and boring.
for some students, the holidays mean more work.
they overburden themselves with work.
this is not a good idea for spending the holidays.
a holiday is free time and it should be spent in this spirit only.
a holiday can bring great joy if it is spent as a holiday.
one day when my mother work me, i did not feel like getting up.
i had slight headache.
mother touched my forehead and said i had temperature.
how happy i was!
now everybody would have to do what i wish.
my mother brought milk and biscuits for me.
she scolded my brother for making noise.
she asked my sister to switch off the transistor.
i felt very important-almost a lord, little did i, know that this joy was to be short-lived.
soon my temperature rose, i felt hot and restless.
the headache became severe.
it was real troublesome.
to make matters worse, my favorite uncle dropped in.
he had two tickets for the movie i wished to see.
as i was not well, he took my brother.
everybody sat down for lunch.
they had such fine dishes while i was forced to take bitter pills, milk and a little porridge.
i cursed my fate!
luckily by next day my temperature came down to normal.
i learnt a lesson of my life.
i shall never let myself fall ill again.
the effect of the story strikes our thoughts so forcefully but nowhere the characters overplay their emotions.
here crime is not glorified.
hard truth of responsible people turning into betrayers is depicted quite efficiently in this movie.
freedom and equality are its essential concepts.
that is to say, there should exist respect for the individual as the supreme motive of power.
perfect democracy can be achieved by educating all people in a country.
people should be made to realise their social and political responsibilities.
they should have a complete knowledge of democratic living and democratic from of government.
constant vigilance is the price of democracy.
the success of democracy largely depends on its power to produce the right type of leadership.
the things to come are determined by the thinking, value and beliefs of these leaders.
they should be conscious about the essence of democracy.
holding free and impartial election ensures democracy in true sense.
to achieve all these essentials a basic economic independence of all citizen is a must for democracy.
good manners are very important for a happy life.
a civilized person will always behave properly with everyone.
every morning we should wish our elders.
we should also pray to god for a good day.
in school we should always wish our teachers.
we should always give respect to our elders and teachers.
we should never fight with our friends; instead we should be polite, helpful and friendly towards everyone.
we should neither speak ill about others nor use harsh words for anybody.
when someone helps us, we should always be thankful to that person.
it is our moral duty to help all those who are needy and helpless.
before going to bed at night, we should always thank god for everything he has given to us.
we should always think about the results before we say or do something.
we should always think carefully before acting.
this will keep us from getting into any trouble.
some people do not think before they speak or do something.
this lands them into trouble all the time.
it is important to know about the possible outcome and dangers before we say or do something.
we should always ask our parents before we decide on something.
advice from elders always helps us to make up our mind.
elders have better knowledge than us.
it is always good to discuss with others before we do anything.
it helps us to know the results of our actions.
if we do something without thinking about its outcomes, it can harm us.
man does not live by bread alone.
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
among all other ties, friendship brings immense joy to our life.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
david-jonathan, etc.
are some rare examples.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate each other.
we should be grateful for friendships.
it involves the sacrifice of time and thoughts.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
strive to help them.
never find fault or speak ill of them.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
remember the words of shakespeare.
fresh air is very important for us.
we cannot see air.
it is a mixture of many gases.
without air, our planet would be lifeless.
fresh air is very important for plants and animals too.
nature provides us with fresh air through plants and trees.
so plants and trees help to generate fresh air.
in cities, the air gets mixed with harmful gases from factories and vehicles.
this polluted air makes us fall ill.
we should plant more trees to keep the air fresh.
we should not throw wastes everywhere.
we should try and keep our surroundings clean.
this will helps us to live a healthy life.
we should protect forests from being cut down.
we should all join hands to build a greener and healthier environment.
the camel is a large animal.
it has very tall legs and a long neck.
it has a high hump.
it does not look so beautiful.
it can walk and run easily in the desert.
this is why the camel is called the ship of the desert.
in the desert, people feed camels with grass, grains wheat and oats.
when camels are traveling in the desert, food is often very hard to find.
it has a very big bag in his stomach.
it stores water and food in the hump.
so it can stay without water and food for many days.
its feet are padded.
these pads help him in walking or running on the sand.
camels are ruminants but camels do not chew their food very well before swallowing.
the first stomach store the food that is not completely chewed.
later, this food returns to the camel’s mouth and the camel chews it again.
a camel can tell of coming sand-storm.
it can warn man of a possible storm.
the camels from arabia have one hump.
the bactrian camels have two humps.
a camel is a very useful animal.
it carries the load and draws carts.
it is used for plowing the field and drawing water.
i am a science student but unlike my other classmates, i have opted for elective english.
but english as it is not literary.
reading in itself is a great pleasure.
studying shaw and hardy gives us an insight in human nature.
we realize what actions bring what reactions.
how a man would react to a given set of circumstances or action.
we learn to look for and understand deeper meanings.
my love for my subject has inculcated in me the habit of reading.
a bus stop is an interesting place.
there are always passengers at the bus stops.
during peak hours there is a huge rush at the bus stops.
i go to my school by bus.
yesterday i reached the bus stop a little earlier than usual.
there was a great rush at the stop.
some people were standing in a queue.
some people were standing all around.
everyone was in a hurry.
some people were talking.
some were reading newspapers.
some were discussing politics.
some were discussing politics.
some were discussing the law and order problem, while others were discussing the rising prices.
as soon as the bus arrived, all the passengers ran to board it.
there was pushing and pulling.
the queue was broken.
i could not get into the bus.
the bus took a few passengers and moved on.
after some time another bus on the same route came.
it was also packed.
somehow, i was able to get inside the bus.
there was no place even to stand properly.
i got down after four stands.
i have to face this problem every day.
buses are always overcrowded during peak times.
“the best day to accomplish something is the day before tomorrow”.
this saying teaches us the value of time.
the present world is a fast running one.
anyone who fails to keep with the speed becomes a loser.
most people today neglect punctuality.
punctuality is a must for anyone who wants to save his time.
efficiency is another powerful time –saver.
efficiency means not speed.
an efficient man achieves some tasks within a short period.
time is a very important factor for us.
last summer when my grandfather came to visit us, he took me to the museum.
the visit was an unforgettable experience.
it was the first time that i had gone to such a place.
my grandfather has great knowledge about history.
on our way to the museum, he told me stories of the kings and queens of our country.
inside the museum, he showed me many things.
there were big swords, shields, daggers and other weapons with which the kings used to fight.
he also showed me the rich dresses and ornaments of kings and queens.
i also saw their coins and other articles.
everything we saw had a story to tell.
my grandfather told all the stories to me.
seeing those things, i felt as if i had landed in a different world altogether.
we came back home after a few hours.
my grandfather has promised to take me to another museum next time he visits us.
the light it gives is not it’s own.
it is a reflection of sunlight that falls on it.
but it is quite different from the mother planet.
it is a body of rock and moon dust.
no form of life exists on it, due to unfavorable conditions.
we have a small market near our house it is our local market.
though it is not very big, one can buy almost everything there.
the marketplace is always crowded.
the shops are mostly small in size.
one can also find shops selling electronic goods.
there are shops for repairing damaged things also.
in the middle of the market, there is a big medical store.
it has all kinds of medicines available.
there is also a nice bakery shop just outside the market.
it sells delicious cakes and cookies.
i love to go to the market as my mother busy me goodies like candies and cakes.
my mother goes twice a week to the market to buy various things.
this local market has made our lives very easy as all day-to-day items are available at a comfortable distance.
the shopkeepers are honest and sell quality products at reasonable prices.
i had a holiday last week.
so i along with some of my friends went to the okhla lake.
we hired a boat and started rowing.
we ate apples and sweets.
we all sang songs of joy.
suddenly, we heard a cry of alarm.
we soon rushed to the spot in our boat.
we saw that a man was getting drowned in the lake.
he was crying for help.
this man was not a good swimmer but he had decided to swim.
the water current was swift.
he could not swim across the lake.
we shouted at the top of our voices.
some people on the other side of the river heard our voices and they jumped into the river.
they were able to catch the man.
he was pulled into our boat.
we reached the bank.
the water was taken out of the man’s belly.
artificial respiration was also given.
fortunately, a tragedy was averted.
the man was saved.
we are living in an age of hurry and worry.
day and night, we are busy earning our livelihood.
we are miles away from our friends and relatives.
we have no time to visit them.
but we always want to know about their welfare.
so we wait for the postman eagerly.
sometimes, we wait for him impatiently.
the postman brings us news from our friends and relatives.
he may sometimes being sad news but we still wait for him.
whenever there is a knock at the door, we rush to open the door.
we want to see whether the person knockin is the postman.
when our friend or relative is sick we wait for the postman.
we want to know the welfare of the person.
everyone of us waits for the postman whether he brings something for us or not.
john is a fruit vendor.
he sells fruits in the market.
he is a kind and humble man.
he has a small shop where he works from morning till night.
he also sells seasonal fruits like mangoes.
all his fruits are very fresh and juicy.
he loves all kids who come to him.
he tells them short stories about the fruits.
he also tells them about the countries where those fruits come.
he tells them how important the fruits are for a healthy body.
he lives in a small cottage near the market.
he has a small garden where he grows some fruits.
everyone loves him.
different people have different hobbies.
a hobby is taken up in spare time.
it gives us joy in our spare time.
my hobby is gardening.
i took to this hobby when i went to see my uncle in his village.
the green crops, tall trees, and beautiful flowers left a deep impression on me.
after coming back from my uncle’s home, i developed the backyard of my house.
i made it into a beautiful garden.
it has flower plants and fruit trees.
there are fifty varieties of roses in my garden.
my garden is very dear to me.
i spend two hours daily in my garden.
it gives me great pleasure.
it also gives me exercise.
my friends and guests praise my garden.
i don’t allow anyone to pluck flowers from my garden.
my hobby has changed my life.
trees occupy an important place in the life of man.
they give us so many such good things and yet expect nothing in return.
trees give us fruits for food and flowers for pleasure.
they provide us timber (wood) for building our houses and making furniture.
they provide us wood for fuel.
they supply sleepers for the railway line.
many trees provide us medicinal products such as quinine and eucalyptus.
in fact, most of the medicines that we use ultimately come to us through trees and vegetation.
trees play an important role in purifying the air around us.
they breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen that sustains our life.
thus they make this world a better place to live in.
trees are also very necessary for having good rainfall.
the trees attract rain bearing clouds and prevent soil erosion and conserve the earth.
our government also realized the importance of trees.
even science has proved that trees are as necessary to our atmosphere as our food for life.
unfortunately, trees are being cut indiscriminately.
rapid industrialization, urbanization and population growth have contributed to the loss of trees.
in this way we have done great loss to ourselves.
it is the crying need of the hour to plant more and more trees.
trees are valuable natural resource.
we should conserve them.
we should promote afforestation.
this good for larger benefit of society.
this is my third school yet on the day i joined it was very nervous.
we had shifted to singapore recently and so i had to change to this school.
this school is very different from my previous one.
it has a very grand and imposing building.
there are big playgrounds on two sides and a beautiful garden in front.
and yet i was full of apprehensions.
i saw some students walking around.
they seemed to be quite indifferent to me.
a few even stared at me insolently.
it frightened me.
how would i get along with these students?
at that time the class teacher of my class came out of the principal’s room.
that student did not even say ‘hello’ to me.
all my apprehensions came to fore.
i felt very alone and stupid.
then the bell rang.
the teacher left the class.
soon i was one of them.
what i considered their aloofness was just discipline.
how could they talk in front of the teacher!
now i love my school.
post offices are found in every city, town, and village.
a post office is a very important place.
it charges a nominal amount for carrying our letters and parcels from one place to the other.
it helps us keep in touch with our friends and relatives, who stay in far off places.
we can send registered letters, birthday greeting, parcels and money orders through the post office.
we post our letters in the letterboxes outside the post office.
the postman collects these letters and sends them to their destination.
the postmen work day in and day out.
we must respect and appreciate their hard work.
although there are many new methods of communication nowadays, the post office is still very important.
our doubts are our traitors’, said shakespeare.
praying to god is part of all religious practice.
man has invented his god and prayer to get psychic energy when he is in despair.
life is built on hopes and aspirations.
thinking of a supreme power beyond all human inadequacies, elevates our mind, gives strength and peace.
prayer should spring from the heart.
it should be made habit.
it gives audience to our thoughts and we are linked with the super intellect.
fear of death and disease will not hunt us.
a philosophic approach towards life will cultivate through prayer.
a god fearing person will never become sinful or violent.
he will thank god through prayer for all his blessings.
prayer works wonders.
faith-healing cured many patients miraculously.
towards the end of the fourth period itself, students become restive.
their attention is more on the watch than what the teacher is trying to teach.
they eagerly wait for the bell.
as soon as the recess bell goes, the calm of the school is broken.
there is noise everywhere.
some students rush down the stairs pushing each other to reach the canteen first.
others could be seen sitting in the classroom and gobbling up their food.
the younger ones could be seen roaming about eating their lunch.
soon there is great rush at the taps.
many students straight away rush to the playground.
others join them after finishing their lunch.
the playground gets crowded and there is hardly any game possible.
yet students manage to play.
library is also filled to capacity during lunch hour.
many students could be seen browsing through the papers and magazines.
soon the time is over.
the bell goes.
children rush to their classes and then the school becomes quiet again.
recess is the best part of the school day.
students and teachers all enjoy it.
this winter, i experienced the coldest night of the season.
it was six in the evening and cold winds were blowing strongly outside.
the water was icy cold, and made my fingers numb.
we all decided to stay inside the house.
as the night grew it became colder.
we wrapped ourselves in warm clothes and set in front of the fire.
i was wearing three pullovers, but was still shivering with cold.
my mother made hot tomato soup for us.
it was great to have the hot soup, as it made me feel warm.
around nine at night, it started snowing heavily.
looking outside the window, i saw snowflakes falling on everything.
it made me shiver with cold all the more.
i could hear the strong icy wind blowing outside.
when i felt scared, my mother held me tightly.
in her arms, i felt warm and soon dozed off to sleep.
this is the harvesting season.
my mother who saw that my father was harvesting in the paddy field alone, went to help him.
i and my youngest sister remain at home some fear.
they re in the paddy field even before the down.
but they did not think of the fatigue or hot sun.
instead, they were working.
with reluctance she agreed and stayed at home.
but, unfortunately, even that time she had got a fever and was unable to even cook.
she said she was ill.
father took immediate action.
he took her, one day, to hospital to get treatment for her aliment.
but i saw in the afternoon that only my father was coming jump to home.
i and my sister became very sad.
so was our father.
it was very difficult for all three of us to spend that night without our dear mother.
a household without a mother is not a household.
my sister went to the kitchen and tried to some work.
i also went and tried to help her.
but everything was in a real mess.
we could not do anything without our dear mother.
the following day both i and my sister went school.
that day i did not even go to the playground.
i was thoroughly disappointed.
after school hours, i came home with sorrow and anger.
my dear mother had come home.
father was happy, my sister was happy and i was very much happy.
my mother had completely got cored.
do you prefer wealth to health?
i do not think so.
health is a gift given to us by nature.
but it can easily get lost.
some people are unhealthy from their childhood.
people do not care much about their health until they fall ill.
you can easily keep fit if you obey the laws of health.
eat good plain natural food and drink a lot of clean water.
always breathe in the fresh air and do some kind of exercise every day.
have enough rest both mentally and physically, and have a good sleep.
avoid cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, and tobacco.
of course, there are few other causes that lead to ill health.
lack of good food, good homes, and poverty are some of them.
a visit to a zoo is an interesting experience.
last sunday i went to the delhi zoo with my father.
we went there by bus.
delhi zoo is near purana quila.
my father bought the tickets and we entered the gate.
there was a pond on both sides of the road.
ducks were swimming in the ponds.
we saw kangaroos, elephants, stags, deer and ‘neelgai’ etc.
i saw a young kangaroo in his mother’s skin pouch.
then we came to the cages of birds.
there were different kinds of birds.
peacocks were in large numbers.
then we saw the tigers in their enclosures.
we also saw monkeys, chimpanzees, and apes.
then we saw rhinos and giraffes.
after going around the zoo, we came out and sat under a tree.
we had our food which we had carried with us.
we returned home tired but very happy.
there was a great rush.
we bought tickets and went in.
the tent was decorated with colorful lights.
the seating arrangement was good.
first of all, a group of young boys and girls came on the stage.
they welcomed visitors.
then there was a ladder show.
a girl climbed up the ladder without any support.
another girl came on a cycle with one wheel.
then the jokers came.
it was great fun.
a ringmaster came with a lion.
the lion obeyed him.
then monkeys and elephants showed different feats of skill.
a young girl showed her shooting skills.
the elephant saluted the people with its trunk.
the horse came and ran in a circle.
it was a very interesting show.
i enjoyed it.
i study in s.d.
school moti bagh.
it is situated in south delhi.
it is an ideal school.
my school has a big and spacious building.
it is a double-storeyed building.
it has forty classrooms.
the rooms are well-ventilated and well-furnished.
my school has a big library.
there are about fifteen thousand books in the library.the principal of my school is a very good administrator.
he always tries his best to improve the school.
all the teachers in my school are hard-working.
the result of the school is always good.
the principal is very interested in sports and games.
my school has a big playground.
we play different games in the playground.the laboratories are well-equipped.
students take part in various curricular activities.
i like my school very much.
i like spring season most.
during this season it is neither too cold nor too hot.
in spring, the nights are cold but the days are sunny.
spring season is the best time for doing any work.
also, it is the best time to study and play.
during the spring season, nature is at its best.
flowers bloom and trees put out new leaves.
there is a new look everywhere on earth.
spring has a healthy effect on the body.
new blood is formed.
there is hardly any disease.
during the spring season, we can work for more time.
we feel healthy and happy.
our capacity to work increases.
it is the season of flowers and fruits.
it is also the season of color and beauty.
everyone looks fresh and is full of energy.
it is the season of picnics and outings.
water is a valuable gift of nature.
all beings and plants need water for living.
we require water for different purposes.
we can live for a few days without food.
but we can’t live without water.
we need water for our daily activities like bathing, cooking, washing, etc.
besides, water is a must for agricultural purposes.
we don’t get any food if there is no water.
but people do not use water sparingly.
in urban areas, we can see people keep taps open.
at times people do not close the taps open.
at times people do not close the taps properly.
they keep at the taps half-open.
humans also pollute water in many ways.
some factories release waste material into waterways.
people dump garbage into waterways.
we should control ways of water pollution.
we can do this by helping to keep our sources of water clean.
in agriculture, we should not overuse chemicals.
another way of preventing water pollution is to build cleaning treatment plants in factories.
if we stop throwing waste into lakes, rivers, and seas they will be clean and beautiful forever.
it’s high time now that the government should impose severe laws to protect our waterways.
people who pollute waterways should be punished severely.
big public awareness programs should be organized to teach the public about the value of water.
he was taken to a private hospital and was admitted, as an emergency case.
he was soon x-rayed and it was found that one of his ribs had cracked.
he was then taken for an examination by the bone-specialist.
there, it took him an hour when at last his turn came.
the specialist advised him complete rest.
he plastered him on his ribs.
later on, he was sent to a bed in the ward.
there, he was expected to stay for about a fortnight.
the ward-boys were also equally careless.
they never helped any one, unless their palms were greased.
since the hospital was a private one, the salaries were rather low.
that contributed to the evil practice of expecting money on the slightest pretext from the patients or their relatives.
one nurse was so rude that she never attended to any case unless called upon by the doctor himself.
at home i prayed for his quick recovery and return from the clutches of such non-cooperative hospital staff.
it was a sunday evening.
i was staying in my room and watching the weather outside from my window.
dark clouds were coming down and covering the blue sky.
because of the stormy winds, the branches were swaying.
men, women, and children were hurrying home.
first, a light drizzle started and soon, it turned into a heavy shower.
i felt scared as i was alone.
muddy water flowed along the drains into our garden.
the traffic moved very slowly.
then i saw a man looking for some shelter.
he ran to a wayside boutique.
at last, my brother came home and i was happy.
he was wet and i gave him a towel to wipe himself.
an ideal teacher knows the art of teaching.
he is the master of his subject.
he makes his lessons interesting.
his method of teaching is convincing and inspiring.
an ideal teacher treats his students like his own children.
he praises the good work done very by them.
if a student does some mistake, he is not very harsh to him.
he tactfully makes his student realize his mistake.
an ideal teacher is never angry with his students.
he believes in simple before his students.
he has a high moral character.
an ideal teacher himself practices whatever he preaches to his students.
he is a true friend and a sincere guide to the students.
i have a small beautiful garden at my home.
there are many beautiful flowers in our garden.
rose, hibiscus, lily, orchids, sunflower, dahlia, etc.
are some of them.
my grandmother takes care of our garden.
when we go to for a vacation, i help my grandmother to water the plants.
she teaches me how to plant and take care of them.
when we go to visit our friends and relatives, we collect different plants from their garden also.
my most favorite flower is rose flower and orchids.
we have different varieties of rose and orchids in our garden.
sometimes my little naughty brother tries to pluck the flowers.
i miss my garden when i am in kuwait.
i like my garden very much.
books are our best friends.
they are a great blessing.
they are useful to us in many ways.
when we have any problem, books give us the correct advice.
they console us in our sorrows.
books are our best companions as we never feel alone in the company of books.
books are written by very wise, experienced and intelligent persons.
therefore, they inspire us.
books teach us about good things and bad things.
they are our best guides and philosophers.
books fill our minds with noble thoughts.
they enrich our minds.
bad books spoil our minds.
therefore, we should buy and read-only good books.
our life will become very happy if we read good books.
hockey is my favorite game.
hockey is played with eleven players on each side.
there is one goal-keeper, two fullbacks, three half backs and five forwards.
hockey is played on grassy fields.
the game starts with a bully-off at the center between the center-forwards of the rival teams.
players carry off the ball and then try to pass it through the goalposts of the opposite teams.
they hit the ball hard from their side to the side of the rivals.
whichever team scores more goals, wins the match.
there are two referees who conduct the match.
if there is foul play, they penalize it.
if the ball crosses the boundary line, the game is started again.
i love to play hockey.
it provides an excellent exercise to all parts of the body.
this game develops team spirit.
it amuses and excites.
the players feel a sensation of joy.
my heart is filled with joy when i play or watch a hockey match.
fairs and festivals are held in every town and village of india.
the people living in villages have no entertainment except the fairs.
i went to see a village fair with my friend.
there were many men, women, and children going to see the fair.
they were wearing colorful clothes.
they came from neighboring villages.
first of all, the people worshipped the goddess in the kali temple.
they placed the offerings of sweets in front of the goddess.
there were great hustle and bustle in the markets.
there were many shops in a row.
there were shops of bangles, ready-made garments, toys, and sweets.
a flute seller was playing on his flute.
the children were enjoying rides on the merry-go-round.
there were also rope-dancers and magicians.
the snake charmers and jugglers were also there.
there were some policemen who were maintaining law and order in the fair.
a small boy had separated from his parents.
he was given to his parents by the scouts.
when it became dark and we returned to our homes.
it was a very happy visit.
a planet means a wanderer.
the first five planets are named after roman gods.
the inner planets (mercury, venus, earth, and mars) are highly dense and rocky.
they resemble the earth and are aptly called ?terrestrial planets?.
the solar system is very big and jupiter is the largest of all planets.
astronomy tells us so much about these celestial bodies.
the earth is the only gifted planet which has a life.
researchers are going on experimenting life on mars.
the chances seem bleak.
the man continues his quest to know more about the planets.
road accidents are a common feature of big cities.
rash driving causes accidents.
some drivers do not obey the traffic rules.
last sunday, there was an accident near india gate.
a car was coming at a very high speed.
one cyclist was coming in the opposite direction.
the car hit the cyclist while taking a turn.
another car collided with this car.
the cyclist fell down.
his head struck against the ground.
he becomes senseless.
the car driver tried to escape.
but the people caught him.
they handed him to the police.
the wounded cyclist was removed to the hospital.
we can avoid road accidents if we obey traffic rules.
we should not drive our vehicles very fast.
advantages and disadvantages of examinations
examinations are held in every school or college.
they are the test of learning.
there are defects in the present examination system.
but exams are needed to test the knowledge.
both bright and weak students fear examinations.
a student may not like examination but he has to face it every year.
therefore, he should prepare notes regularly at home.
he should devote time to every subject.
there is a choice in the question paper.
if a student prepares well, he gets good marks.
good marks give fruit in the future.
an examination is like a fever.
if a student is nervous, he can not learn anything.
examinations are not a true test of a student’s ability.
they are the test of cramming, not of knowledge.
it is not possible to test in three hours what a student has learned during the whole year.
some students copy in the examination.
they tear leaves from the books.
examinations cannot thus be removed.
the thoughts and knowledge of one generation pass to another and they pass through the child.
what is education for?
why do we build schools and take much trouble to examine children in what they have learned?
education is the growth of human mind.
a workman of ivory spends a long time in learning the skill of carving ivory.
educating a child is carving thoughts and feelings in his mind.
it is a great art to contact the heart of child and build good character with lasting effect.
he should grow into a good citizen, with a great admiration for everything good in life.
he should know how to preserve his ancient glories and treasure them as national pride.
he should be taught to think before he acts, to be prudent and useful to his society.
a guest is a person to be honored and respected.
but there are a certain type of guests who are unwelcome.
as he comes one of us has to stay back and serve him.
if mother has casual leave, then she waits.
but mostly i have to stay back as i am the eldest.
then he is a very easy going person.
he takes his own time in taking bath and getting ready.
he has no consideration for others.
mr. peter is very fussy about his food.
i could never make anything to his satisfaction.
he is not at all considerate.
he does not bring his own bedding and we have to supply it at great inconvenience to ourselves.
he uses our telephone freely.
he not only makes local calls but also trunk calls and does not think necessary to pay for them.
as long as he is there, the whole routine of the house is upset.
we thank god when he leaves.
the butterfly belongs to the family of insects.
it is found in our home-gardens.
it has a long thin body and flower collecting nectar from them.
the butterfly starts it’s life in an egg.
this egg later develops into a small creature like a worm with legs.
this enclosed creature later develops in to a butterfly.
there are different kinds of butterflies in our country.
some are small and some are big.
some are single coloured.
some are multi-coloured.
the butterflies make our home-gardens beautiful and help in the pollination of flowers.
there are some people who collect butterflies as a body.
the butterflies are handled very carefully as their colours easily rubbed off.
a person who shows a foolish and care-free attitude towards life is often nicknamed “a butterfly”.
there are many verses and songs written about their beauty an innocence.
it is said that the small children are like butterflies because the small children too are innocent.
educating a child is to bring an all-round development of a child’s personality.
the whole range of knowledge is based on orderliness around us.
astronomy, arithmetic, music and other subjects tell us about the beauty in the disciplined growth.
how could a railway be worked without order?
what would become of an army without discipline?
what is a government for?
the government of a country is there for keeping an order.
a strong nation is being built with well disciplined society, performing its duty efficiently at all levels.
how to make this noble dream possible in the present day unrest?
at first it may cause us some pain or trouble to learn and appreciate discipline.
but after some time the order becomes a part of our nature.
we, rather feel pain at the disorder.
thus, the order becomes a habit.
education and personality development courses are oriented around disciplining the energies of man to make the best of him.
the army men play a very important role in our lives, as they protect our country.
they undergo intense training before they join the army as soldiers.
they leave their families back home and work hard for protecting the borders.
they are posted in different parts of the country.
they live a very difficult life.
they sometimes have to endure extreme climates.
at times of war, they are the first ones to come forward and fight for the country.
they are the true protectors of the nation and our lives.
we should always respect them.
a hobby is a favorable activity one pursues in one’s spare time for pleasure and recreation.
usually a hobby depends upon a person’s interest.
people are busy in earning money or solving their problems.
they went to change their golden moments of their life into money.
but it is the misuse of time.
almost all the people get leisure time but they do not know how to utilize it.
a hobby removes the dullness of man.
it refreshes the mind.
people may choose gardening, stamp-collecting.
i was drawn to this hobby when i was just six years old.
my aunt gave me and album of stamps on my birthday.
tens of thousands of stamp dealers supply them with stamps along with stamps albums, catalogues and other publications.
today, thought the number of collectors is somewhat lees,
stamps collecting is still one of the world’s most popular indoor hobbies.
my hobby has helped me to take great interest in history and geography.
this stamp-collecting hobby refreshes my mind.
it gives me joy and happiness.
we make new friends.
we develop good qualities.
this is how i spent my recreation and leisure.
the sun is a star.
it is a bright object in the sky.
is faraway from us, we see it small.
surrounding it there are nine main
our earth is one of them.
they all rotate round the sun.
seen during the day time only.
the moon is called a satellite as it rotates
the sun gives us light and heat.
if the sun does not rice we
would be in the dark.
as the sun’s rays are so strong we cannot watch them
the earth gets heat, light and energy from the sun.
living things exist with sun – light.
when the sun sets the darkness follows.
people need darkness to rest.
the sun has a great influence on all living and
even today some people in some parts of the world worship the sun as a god.
it is a gift of the nature.
a bad neighbor makes a hell of our lives.
i have one such neighbour.
his name is ram lal.
he runs a small shop.
he has four sons and three daughters.
their house is like a fish market.
the sons and daughters are always quarreling among themselves.
their mother keeps on shouting with them.
the children are always ready to pick up a quarrel with anyone.
the eldest son is a spoilt child.
he has failed in the eight class three times.
he cares less for his books and more for his clothes and hairstyle.
he teases the young boys and girls of the locality.
all the neighbors are fed up with this family.
a few minutes passed.
a small red car driven by a handsome young man could be seen in front of all others.
another car with red and blue stripes was following close behind.
but it didn’t seem of many challenges to the man in front.
but all of a sudden the second car took the lead.
the driver of the red car seemed to have not lost faith either.
all other cars could be seen running far behind.
the forerunner was moving at a tremendous speed.
now there seemed a little chance for it’s a follower to catch up.
the race was nearing its end.
the crowd was looking anxiously with gasps of surprise.
and the man at the wheel of the striped car won the race.
but he was a poor student.
although tolstoy was born an aristocrat he disliked the snobbish behavior of the aristocratic society.
thus all his works of literature were partial to the humble common man.
short story about:  leo tolstoy, the great russian author
homes offer security and feel affection for human life and it is one of the most important things.
we are a middle class family and my home also belongs to the family background.
there are three bedrooms.
one bedroom is using my grandparents and others shared with my mother, father, brother and me.
we are sharing household work and always considering for the needs and comforts of each other.
that is the top secret of the happy life of my home.
there is a small garden around the home and one side is facing a paddy field.
it is very beautify place and i am very like to spend the evening in the home garden.
my home offers affection, security and happiness for my life and i am very round of my home.
mahatma gandhi is my favorite leader.
he is called the father of the nation.
he raised his voice against the british rulers.
india got freedom under his leadership.
after passing his matriculation, he went to england for higher studies.he returned from england as a lawyer.
he then went to south africa.
in south africa, he worked to improve the condition of indians living there.
he returned to india and took part in the indian freedom movement.truth and non-violence were his great weapons.
he worked to remove poverty, economic inequality, and untouchability.
i am the fifth child of my parents.
my father was alsatian but my mother was from an ordinary breed.
i was born in a hotel kitchen.
there i could get the leftovers to eat.
later, on when i grew, i was turned out i became a street dog.
he sold me to an air-force officer.
i stayed with him for long.
he used to take me in aero plane also.
thus, i enjoyed the aerial view over most of the important cities.
the second master loved pets.
he had a number of dogs, cats, birds, hares, tortoises, ponies, etc.
he had a big yard for them.
he once took me to a dog-show, where i got the second prize.
a lady took a fancy for me.
she persuaded the businessman to give me to her, for a good sum.
she was a window and her son jim needed a pet.
i lived with them very happily.
then bad days started.
she left me with the maidservant.
she left me to be a street dog.
my future is now very uncertain.
but i hope to find some good home again.
who knows what is in store for me?
there are some weak boys and girls in my class.
but she never punishes them.
she advises them to work hard and study.
when she teachers she explains lessons in a simple manner.
she wants her students to be tidy and well disciplined.
she is an expert in teaching.
some times she explains with the help of charts and maps.
she is very popular among the other members of the staff.
i will give attention to discipline.
a school cannot function smoothly without discipline.
if i were the principal of my school i would ensure that the laboratories were well equipped.
the library would have books of all kinds.
all this would help to create a good atmosphere in the school.
i would give due place to co-curricular activities.
i would make efforts to develop all-round personality of the students.
i would have friendly relations with the members of my staff.
i would get the cooperation of all my staff members.
i would improve the academic performance of all the students.
milk is a nutritious food for young and old alike.
it’s essential for small children.
milk is taken from the cows, the milk is also taken from sheep and goats.
goat milk is expensive.
the doctors advise patients to take at least two glasses of milk every day.
in deserts where there are no cows.
people drink camels’ milk.
milk is palatable food for the sick and the invalids as well.
i have a beautiful red toy car.
it has four wheels and two doors.
it has two big headlights.
my grandfather gifted me this car last christmas.
it is my favorite toy.
it runs on battery and plays soft music when it moves.
my car is remote-controlled.
my car can run at a very high speed.
my friends love to play with my car.
they say that it’s the fastest toy car they have ever seen.
the clown in a circus show plays an important role.
he entertains the people.
he makes funny gestures and remarks.
his appearance too is very funny.
he also puts on a strange-looking cap.
the spectators begin to laugh as soon as the clown enters the ring.
they enjoy the clown’s antics and his remarks about the other actors.
he looks foolish clown but actually he is a skilled artist.
he can imitate actions of the other actors successfully.
people get a pleasant surprise when the clown starts dancing on the rope or wire.
he also rides the galloping horses.
the clown appears during the interval between one feat and the other and makes the spectators laugh heartily.
street beggars are seen everywhere in our country.
some street beggars are very clever.
they make the hearts of the people melt.
people take pity on them and give them something.
they wear dirty and shabby clothes.
they want money, clothes, grain, food or anything else.
some beggars begin the name of god.
some street beggars are thieves who cheat people and steal their things.
some beggars are disabled.
we should give alms only to the disables beggars.
we should not give anything to those beggars who are healthy but they don’t want to.
they get easy money by begging.
sometimes they get more than the persons who earn their living by doing hard work for long hours.
begging brings a bad name to the society and country.
if a healthy person is found begging, he should be punished by the law.
the peacock is a very beautiful bird.
its neck and body are covered with bright blue feathers.
the most beautiful part of its body is the long tail.
the peacock can spread the tail like a huge fan.
it usually does it in the morning, when the first rays of the sun appear.
the peahen is not for beautiful and her feathers are brown.
has no long tail.
the peacock lives in jungles, in small flocks.
it eats small snakes, lizards, insects, and seeds.
is very beautiful, its voice is very ugly.
it is a harsh scream, that could frighten you in the jungle.
an ideal citizen knows his rights and responsibilities.
he thinks of the nation first and of himself later.
he respects the rights of others.
he serves his country and his fellow-men.
he does not claim any special favor for himself.
he respects the laws of the country.
he has great civic sense.
he does not waste and electricity.
he does not misuse the facilities provided to him.
an ideal citizen does not cheat the government.
he does not indulge in anti-social activities he is against smuggling, corruption, hoarding and black-marketing.
an ideal citizen is a thorough gentleman.
he is polite and courteous.
he is cooperative and considerate.
he does not hurt the feelings of others.
an ideal citizen is a valuable asset to society.
an ideal student should have many qualities.
he should get up early in the morning, he should go for a morning walk every day.
he should take care of his health.
he should take a bath every day.
he should wear clean clothes.
an ideal student should complete his home-work.
he should attend school regularly.
he should show good results in the examinations.
he should take part in sports and games.
he should talk less and work more.
an ideal student should give respect to his teachers, parents, and elders.
he should love the younger students.
he should be humble and polite.
he should have lovable habits.he should have good manners.
an ideal student should help the parents in household matters he should go to bed at a fixed time.
he should get up early.
an ideal student should avoid smoking.
drinking and other evil habits.
introduction-a proverb-its meaning, literally-examples to explain-timely action needed-the ship and the crew-conclusion.
this is an oft-repeated proverb.
like all proverbs.
it too aims at keeping people away from mistakes, and their consequent results.
more often than not they come to our help when we do not know what to do.
this one is a sort of spear against the devil of carelessness.
similarly, the proverb is applicable in all other spheres of life.
suppose, one is participating in a horse race.
that one second’s care, might have won him a prize.
we should look before we leap.
after the leap is taken, even ten looks may not be sufficient.
a man falling ill, may be cured by ordinary medicines, if given in time.
but a few days lapse may make him unfit, for any cure, even with costly drugs.
a definite and timely action at that moment is very important.
a ship may sink, if the crack, once noted by the crew is not immediately plugged.
so we say, a stitch in time saves us from having none stitches later on.
this year the summer season was unduly long and extremely hot.
it was july, the schools had reopened.
the scorching sun and the extreme heat had made life unbearable.
one morning, clouds gathered in the sky.
there were vivid flashes of lightning.
suddenly it started raining.
there was a downpour for a short while but soon it turned into a steady raining.
it was time for school.
so, we took our umbrellas and set out.
it was refreshing to go out in the cool air.
every one and every thing looked fresh.
the trees looked green.
the sound of falling rain was pleasing to the ears.
not one minded the inconvenience of wet umbrellas, soaking shoes and wet clothes.
the plight of bus travelers was of course pitiable.
buses were late and overcrowded.
i wished i could join them.
in the class, very few student were attentive.
almost everybody was looking out and watching rain every now and then.
primary class children were playing with boats in the pool which serves our center court.
water had gathered there.
our school gate and the road had ankle deep water.
the municipality had been caught napping.
the drainage system was choked.
all low lying areas had knee deep water.
it is exhilarating to watch pouring rain and to run about in it.
but soon i was happy to return home and change wet clothes.
if i were the principal of my school, i would make it a very good school.
i would improve the discipline of my school.
discipline is very important for every school.
the classrooms would be well-furnished.
i would keep all types of books in my school if i were the principal of my school.
i would well-equip the laboratories.
i would create a good atmosphere in the school.
i would give more importance to co-curricular activities.
i would help develop the all-round personality of all the students.
i would make physical education compulsory for all the students.
i would have very friendly relations with all the teachers.
i would listen to the complaints of the students.
i would solve the difficulties of the teachers and students if i were the principal of my school.
speech on: if i were the principle of my school
a doctor is an important person.
he gets up early in the morning and goes to his clinic.
he works day and night.
a doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people.
he also knows how to dress and heal wounds.
a doctor is a great friend of the sick.
he always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable.
he never gets irritated and does his best for the sick.
a doctor’s life is hard.
he or she does not have much time for sleep and rest.
he has to remain on duty in the hospital.
a doctor fights disease and death.
he saves many lives.
he speaks softly to his patients.
he feels that an ideal doctor must adjust his professional needs with social service.
the doctor will always be needed.
this way, a doctor will be unemployed less and will be more secure, financially.
a doctor’s profession is noble.
a doctor is just like a god for the patients.
we should be grateful to the doctor.
we must respect him.
a speech on the doctor.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
a speech on the doctor.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
ramzan is a big religious festival.
it is the most important festival for muslim people all over the world.
muslim people celebrate ramzan at the end of the fasting period.
in this period, they do not eat at the day time.
they once per a day after the sunset.
in the ramzan season they go to the mosque to pray.
they make lot of delicious food on ramzan day.
they share them with their neighbours.
ambition has the top priority in the life of every man.
i went to serve my country.
that is my only ambition.
therefore, i went to become a teacher.
teacher is a person who builds the nation.
i will teach the poor children without only charge.
i would teach them the subjects with real and deep information.
i am a student of the eighth grade.
but my ambition is to be a teacher.
i would give my students the real education.
i would try to make them good citizens.
teachers especially at the elementary level, must be very creative with their teaching styles.
not every child learns the same way, nor are they interested in the same things.
teachers are known to be the second parents.
the gurus of ancient era are now addressed by ‘sir’ or the last name.
the child’s relationship with the teacher determines the grade and academics of the student.
if my ambition is fulfilled, i shall do my best as a teacher.
i am working hard so that i many get the best grades.
it would help me in getting admission in a good university.
i would always be honest towards my duties and hard working.
i went be an ideal teacher.
elephants are the largest land animals on the earth.
they are either black or green in colour.
they have for legs and a small tail.
their ears are big and they have a long and powerful trunk.
they use their trunk to drink water and pick up food.
they have two large white teeth known as tusks which they use for their protection.
they also have small teeth inside the mouth.
elephants eat fruits, shrubs and grass.
they love to eat sugarcanes.
elephants are very strong and powerful.
at some places, they are used to carry heavy loads.
elephants live in herds.
they look after their young ones just like our mothers do.
they laugh, play and cry like we do.
they are also known to have a very good memory.
but how many of us really observe discipline.
step out of your door and you are faced with indiscipline.
there would be chaos and nobody would be able to live or even exist peacefully.
the whole human ace would be in chaos.
i went to singapore to spend my summer holidays with my uncle.
he stays in queen street, a very busy and crowded area of singapore.
i was surprised to see the activities people throughout the day.
in my hamlet i was an early riser.
here instead of the songs of birds, i heard the cries of hawkers and vehicles.
everywhere so much of noise is there and the people have grown insensitive and are not affected by this.
i went to the neighbour’s house to play with his children.
i was informed by the parents that their children would never get time to play.
early morning they go to school and come back tired in the evening.
in our hamlet, things are quite different.
natural surroundings, good water, fresh air and relaxed lifestyle give us energy and make life more enjoyable.
there is absolute peace without the noise of motor horns and hawkers.
people are simple, love each other and enjoy life like one big family.
of coures, there are no modern amenities like transport, hospitals, school etc.
i was thinking to visit a suburb of singapore.
my uncle took me to the station to board an electric train.
the trains were moving very fast and people were travelling, hanging by the bars of the foot-boards.
the scene was frightening and i had no courage to get inside the train at all.
i felt safe and confident when i went jump to my hamlet.
my uncle has a horse that runs like the wind.
my uncle has named him brownie.
he is reddish brown in color.
he has two little ears.
he is very tall and the most beautiful one in the stable.
he eats grass and fodder.
he is a gentle horse and children love to ride him.
brownie can work very hard.
sometimes he carries heavy loads on his back.
my uncle takes him for a walk every day.
he can jump high across a fence and run very fast.
at night he sleeps in the stable with other horses.
my uncle takes very good care of brownie and the other horses.
he gives them healthy food and keeps the stable clean.
every week, the vet comes to the farm for their checkup.
he takes me around the farm.
when i grow up, i wish to have a horse of my own like brownie.
the invention of the radio changed the world.
guglielmo marconi invented the radio.
he was an italian inventor.
he discovered how to send radio signal by using invisible electric waves.
seven years later he was able to send radio signal halfway around the world.
radio gives us news, information, and entertainment.
street fights are becoming more and more frequent.
once i witnessed such a fight from close quarters.
when i was returning from my school, i saw two boys quarreling for a ball.
instead of separating the kids, surprisingly they started quarreling amongst themselves.
a slanging match started.
voice were raised.
soon many ladies came out of their houses and surrounded them.
none tried to stop them.
some even added fuel to fire by their comments.
it seemed as if they had used up all their abusive vocabulary and were about to come to blows.
one had already started tearing the hair of the other.
then my grandmother came out.
she is somewhat hard of hearing.
even she heard their voices.
she in her forthright manner scolded both and silenced them.
then she enquired about the reason.
last week i had my final examinations.
i always feel nervous before the examinations.
i had studied the whole year.
i had finished my syllabus, but i was still very worried.
it was sunday.
i had my mathematics examination the next day.
i had studied the whole day.
i had revised my syllabus twice.
but at night after dinner i started feeling very tense.
after an hour or so, i woke up and went to my parents’ room.
i started crying with fear.
i told my mother that i do not remember anything.
she took me in her arms and held me tight.
i felt protected by her.
i slept peacefully.
the next day i went to take my exam.
it went very well.
as my mother had said i remembered everything.
i went home and thank my parents for all the support.
we all get affected by the advertisements in the magazines and on radio and television.
they promise you and make you believe to get you ideal things for your money.
their sole purpose is to induce the buyer to spend more.
well, knowing this truth does not stop the victims from getting attracted by this media stunt!
many companies make these pictures with all imagination.
some of the best advertisements have won international acclaim.
a short film with a crop story and colouful atmosphere creates the desired effect without much words.
present age is an age of advertisement and hoardings.
it has become a separate field of study with so many specialisation techniques.
all big and small companies depend upon these agencies to catch the market for their products.
advertisement many be make-believe, but it has to stay.
sundays generally have a fixed routine for the tv programs.
but last sunday was different.
on monday i had two papers-english and mathematics.
due to unavoidable circumstances, i had not been able to do any revision.
so, i had planned in detail how i would revise both subjects that day.
i had to skip through my lessons in english to make up for the lost time.
i was not really worried, as i felt i knew it.
thus, the whole of the last sunday was wasted.
i could neither watch tv and enjoy, nor study.
i had a pleasant dream last night.
i went to bed late and was fast asleep.
suddenly i felt that i was in the fairyland.
there was a big garden.
flowers were blooming.
the fairies were singing beautiful songs.
one fairy came to me and greeted me with a sweet smile.
she offered me a small chair to sit on and enjoy the dance.
then i saw a little child playing on the flute.
he arrived in the midst of the fairies.
the child started dancing with the fairies.
there were some dwarfs sitting nearby.
there was a beautiful river.
the sun was shining and a cool breeze was blowing.
i sat under a shady tree.
the tree was laden with fruit.
the child brought some fruit for me.
then the child started singing and dancing.
the fairies stood around me.
it was a beautiful scene.
when i was taking fruit and enjoying dancing, i suddenly woke up.
my mother asked me to get up and prepare for school.
this summer, i took swimming classes with my friends.
we had a trainer with us.
one day, we were all sitting near the pool after the day’s session.
suddenly we heard a cry for help.
we turned around and saw a little boy struggling in the pool.
the boy did not know how to swim.
he had accidentally fallen into the pool.
some elder people were sitting on the other side.
one of them jumped into the pool.
he held the boy tight and swam to safety.
we all helped the man to pull the little boy out of the swimming pool.
the boy was crying and was very scared but was safe.
we wrapped him in a towel and asked him to relax.
fortunately, a big tragedy was avoided that day.
christmas is one of my favorite festivals.
i eagerly wait for it all through the year.
before my school closes for christmas vacations, i give gifts and cards to my friends and teachers.
on the christmas day, my parents gift me something special.
i also give them gifts that i buy with my pocket money.
we visit friends and relatives and exchange gifts with each other.
we go to the church to offer prayers and enjoy singing christmas carols.
i wish everyone a merry christmas.
with the new year in offing, christmas sets in high spirits for the festive mood.
trees are very useful to man.
they support the life of living beings.
the green leaves of absorb carbon dioxide and break it up into carbon and oxygen.
thus trees replace oxygen which is constantly used up and changed into carbon dioxide in breathing and burning.
the trees retain carbon and release oxygen for the use of living beings.
trees help to prevent drought and floods.
man has not recognised the importance of trees.
man cuts down trees to get quick profit from them.
we should plant more and more trees.
we should not cut them down.
man can live a happy life only if he plants more trees.
we can inhale fresh air if we have more trees on this earth.
as soon as the recess bell goes, students rush out of their classrooms.
some students go to the school canteen.
they spend their pocket money and relish sweet dishes.
the school playground also becomes alive with the students.
the players take part in different games.
they get back their energy and feel relaxed.
there is a great rush in the school library.
some students make the best use of this period.
they relax and entertain themselves in their own way.
for sometime, they forget about studies.
when the recess periods is over, they get back to their classrooms to start their studies again.
he had various points in support of his belief.
these are some of the important arguments put forward by him.
there, every thing is so stereotyped.
the friends and relatives are missed the most.
last winter, our family went to simla, a famous hill station.
it was the first time that i had visited such a nice place.
it was very beautiful and peaceful.
we went by car and it took us eight hours to reach simla.
we reached there in the afternoon and it was very cold.
we checked into a hotel and had our lunch.
in the evening, we went for a walk on the mall road.
the place was full of small and pretty houses.
the local people were very friendly.
they even offered us tea.
the next morning we went to the famous spot, chail.
it was a place from where we could see the entire valley.
i had never seen such a beautiful place, and so i was very excited.
i clicked many pictures there.
we then went to a nearby market.
the place was full of people from different countries.
my father bought me few picture postcards, and my mother also shopped a bit.
we left the place early next morning.
i loved the place so much that i would like to visit it next year too.
my hobby is drawing.
i mostly draw pictures of people, animals, and birds.
i use crayons, pencils, colour pencils etc.
i spend my free time drawing pictures.
i got first prize in my school for the drawing competition.
i love drawing.
i like to become an artist when i grow up.
but how were they put to use has little evidence.
lack of records of that period makes a study impossible.
recorded evidence is, of course, available of egypt and mesopotamia five or six thousand years ago.
of every period, volumes can be written on what man wanted to know and how he learned.
he was very thoughtful to connect the appearances of new stars with the changing seasons.
ultimately, astronomy, the science of planets and stars, was born.
water clock and sand clock were invented to measure time.
last month our class teacher took us for a picnic.
it was a lovely experience.
we went to a garden near our school.
we were asked to carry some food.
some of us carried fruits, some carried cakes, and some carried snacks.
we also took along bats, balls, and other games.
in the morning, we boarded our school bus and left for the rock garden.
once we reached there, our teacher helped us to select a comfortable place to sit.
after eating fruits, we played a lot of games.
our teacher also played with us.
after that, she took us for a walk round the garden.
in the afternoon, we were all hungry and tired.
we sat together and had our lunch.
then our teacher read out lovely stories.
we all sat together listening to her.
after an hour she took us back to the bus and we all came back to the school.
during my last summer vacation, i went to shimla.
i traveled by train with my mother.
we packed our luggage and hired an auto-rickshaw.
we reached the railway station.
we bought tickets and then returned to the train.
some people were standing and some others were sitting on the benches.
the train arrived.
we entered our compartment.
we had comfortable seats near the windows.
there were people from different states and different areas of the train.
some passengers were polite and some were rude.
some were talkative and others were quiet.
the train stated.
i started looking out of the window.
the green fields looked very beautiful.
after six hours we reached kalka station.
we had dinner at the platform.
we again got on the train.
the small engine ran on the narrow rail tracks.
i enjoyed the scenery of green hills on either side of the railway line.
we also passed through the dark tunnels.
the journey to shimla was very pleasant.
we all have seen a rainbow, one day or the other.
very beautiful sight.
a rainbow is an arch or a bow of seven colours, that
we see a rainbow only when there is sunlight and rain at the
it appears when raindrops act as prisms.
they split the white sunlight into its basic colours.
rainbow is not a real thing but an illusion.
in ancient times people believed
it was the bow of indra, the king of gods.
some others said it was a bridge created by god to connect
heaven and earth.
do you like to see a rainbow without rain?
then take a mouthful of water, face the sun and blow the water out as fine spray.
you will see a small rainbow before you.
the soldier is a fighter.
he fights for his country and people.
the soldier may be in the army, navy or air force.
he is well trained.
he is healthy and strong.
the soldier is always ready to defend the country and die for it.
therefore the soldier is also an important person in society.
the soldier must be ready to overcome any difficulty.
he must not be afraid of anything.
there are times when a soldier gets wounded or may even die.
his task is very difficult.
he has to get up early in the morning and begin the day with a lot of exercises.
a soldier is well trained in the use of weapons.
he knows how to act in an emergency.
we are indebted to our soldiers for their noble service.we must always respect our soldiers and encourage them.
we must be very proud of our soldiers.
